Centre for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services
On the evening of 25 October, the company issued a three-quarterly report, which generated $5,322 million in revenue, an increase of 2.25 per cent in the previous three quarters, an increase of 62.07 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $560 million, a decrease in the same year.
The three-quarter round performance ratio continued to grow, and research and development innovations continued to be strengthened. 20.024 billion yuan was collected in 3q21 battalion, while H3c released the 400gzr/openzr+resociated module ipoverdwdm solution, reducing the number, according to central cost energy consumption; 800g light module new products were released and expected to be achieved by early 2022
2. The two-wheel-drive performance growth of Digital Connect + Telecommunications, with a peak of 10,000 yuan, with a 150 per cent increase; and the continued expansion of research and development inputs to widen the range of high-end products, with a strong market demand and engineering build-up of new dynamic energy.
The construction and upgrading of data centres will generate a strong demand for the light module market, with 400g from companies.
The volume of high-end products continues to grow, accounting for the primary share of sales. During the reporting period, construction in progress amounted to $179 million, representing an increase of 261.7 per cent over the previous period, mainly in advance for equipment purchases, indicating that companies are fully committed to production resources to meet customer order requirements. We judge the future as the product is optimized and the supply chain is optimized.
On October 22, China's mobile investment company successfully participated in targeted increases (with 2.01% shareholdings after the transaction) and this increase will be raised.
About 2.7 billion yuan, after deducting the cost of distribution, for the construction of the headquarters’ research and development centre, the high-end module production base project, the restructuring of the Chengdu Khan production base, and the replenishment of liquidity. Post-natal delivery will increase the volume of high-end light module production and accelerate new types of 5g network, data centre, artificial intelligence, and industrial Internet in conjunction with China’s mobile movement.
Infrastructure development, further upgrading of the company’s market position, and the expected 20% growth in future operations.
Shaoyikai@qizq.com.cn Upgraded trade friction between Central America and the United States; increased competition over-expected price declines; and under-research and development of new products.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment