On the evening of October 25, mid-surgeon (300308), a performance report for the third quarter of 2021 was issued. The report showed that middle-sold had achieved business income of $5,322 million in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 2.25 per cent over the same period, attributable to the net profit of shareholders in listed companies.
The performance of the company in the third quarter is high, and the impact of the high-end light module release continues to be reflected in the income-side, where the company achieved operating income of $5,322 million in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 2.25 per cent in the same year, of which 2.024 billion in the third quarter, an increase of 3.27 per cent in the same quarter, and 10.85 per cent in the ring.
This is a significant improvement, driven largely by the demand of the ODDC’s priority clients, which keeps the company’s output of high-end light module products, represented by 200 g/400g, rising. At the profit end, the net return profit was reduced by 6.63% over the year, and its failure to keep pace with the growth in revenue growth was largely due to increases in R&D inputs and equity incentives.
During the evening of 22 October, the company disclosed the release of stock reports to specific targets, setting the total amount of additional funds raised at approximately 26.99.
With 1.75 million annual capacity for various high-end light communication modules, and 9.2 million annual capacity for high-end optical appliances connected to the network. It is worth mentioning that China Mobile Investment successfully subscribed to 16.1 million shares in this proposed increase, with a total investment of about 499 million yuan, and will hold 2.01% of the company’s shares when the transaction is completed.
Cooperation between middle-to-middle-to-business lines is expected to generate greater performance growth.
The company’s vice president, the board secretary, Mr. Wang Jun, and the vice president, and the financial director, Ms. Wang Xiaoly, have increased (unanimously expected). The company is a high-end module head supplier, with the added capacity to boost midwifery, 200g/400g products will be scaled up, and the company’s industry position will be strengthened. For the first time, coverage will be given a “recommended” rating.
Overseas demand is not as high as expected, market competition is increasing the risks, projects are not as fast as expected, the prices of light modules are too volatile, company financial statement data projections are aggregated, and the great technology enterprises in human work/life/communication methods focus on hard technology enterprises that are in line with China's manufacturing development.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.