On October 27, 2021, Research Assistant Yao Jiuhua
▪ Events: On 25 October, Mid-Sud launched the 2021 q3 performance report, which achieved business income of $5,322 million in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 2.25 per cent in the same year, and a net return profit of $560 million, a decrease of 6.63 per cent in the same period.
▪ Performance has stabilized and net profits have declined slightly in the short term: 5322 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 2.25 per cent in the same year, 2,024 million yuan in the same quarter in q3, and 400g in the output of high-end products after the completion of the above-mentioned modular extension project
The planned equity incentive costs are 150% higher than in the same period last year, and the cost of R & D is higher than in the same period. Companies are still in the lead in high-end light modules and continue to strengthen product overlaps.  Research and development inputs continue to expand, and the value of new products and technologies increases: companies grow in the first three quarters of 2021.
A complete industrial chain from chip encapsulation, PV components, and light modules. In the future light module technology has evolved in a context of miniaturization, low-cost, low-power, long-range, high-bandwidth, companies have now completed pre-research and release of 800g light modules through technological improvements and breakthroughs.
Its self-developed high-speed light communication module product has been successfully introduced into top-of-the-art domestic and international customers. The high-end module market space is expected, and the company follows up on the layout: North American Clouds Capital, Mid-Year Review: Downstream Demand Impact
Continued expansion of spending inputs, steady growth in the number of data centres, high-speed development of the 5g network q2 performance, product retention advantage.
The high-speed light module and above are expected to evolve further in order to enhance the market space of the industry. The company plans to increase by up to $2.7 billion the production of 400g high-end light module and 800g high-end light module.
Investment production, with companies expected to gain more product growth and growth in light-module technology, and high-end product advantages remained significant, further upgrading of the industry.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: due to changes in the pattern of competition in the industry, cost-side pressure ups, 3 and Middle Cricket (300308), performance continued to improve throughout the year, and downstream demand improved.
Downstream demand is gradually improving, companies remain at the forefront of high-end markets, and the “buy-in” rating is maintained.