Le Tianfan, stripping out of inefficient assets and lightening up the industry in 2022.
In the near future, the company announced that 100% of the stock of the fully-owned affiliate ' s mid-term smart equipment in Shandong would be transferred to the holding stock, East Shandong Intermediate Investment Holdings Ltd., with a transaction price of $502 million.
100% of the assets of the affiliate ' s middle-intelligence equipment are transferred to the controlling shareholder ' s middle-sized holdings at a transfer price of $502 million. The company ' s middle-intellectual equipment main battalion, high-end electrons, manufactures and sells the equipment, which was collected in the first three quarters of 2018-2021, respectively.
In recent years, the business of middle-level smart equipment has been generally declining. Taking into account the business situation of middle-level smart equipment and the planning and demand for strategic business development of the company, the company can dissipate inefficient capital once the transfer of equity has been completed.
Production, further pooling of resources for the development of high-end optical communication module operations, which will help to reduce business exposure and continuously improve the company’s core competitiveness and profitability. Capital spending by overseas cloud producers continues to increase, and new applications are expected to accelerate: based on overseas cloud producers
Three-quarter financial reports for four major North American cloud producers, Amazon, Meta (facebook), Microsoft, Google 2021q3 combined capital expenditure of $32.69 billion, over 30 per cent over the same period, around 6 per cent around the ring, and a product mix.
Capital spending continues to increase. Major manufacturers are optimistic about capital in 2022, with Meta indicating that capital spending will be increased for data centres and network infrastructure related to the meta-cosm, with capital spending projected at about $19 billion for the whole year 2021 and capital expenditure projected for 2022.
Long, and new applications of new technologies such as vr/ar, artificial intelligence, unmanned, meta-cosmos are accelerating, and the network data flow is expected to pick up rapid growth, accelerating demand for high-end modules like 200g and 400g. The high market growth in cloud computing is certain in the long run, and companies are global digital masters.
The 400g high-end module product ratio is rising, and will continue to be understated by overseas cloud producers’ capital spending. This report is written by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. invests and the Investment Services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. does not exist.
The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Limited believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. does not provide any assurance of the accuracy and completeness of the report, or represent or provide any written assurance on 30 December 2021, and does not have any responsibility or obligation for the accuracy and integrity of the report.
The Associated Company may use or recommend any action prior to receipt of this report or based on the information or research in the report. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees are not liable for any loss or loss resulting from the use of this report.
The account buys and sells the certificate described in this report;@. This report ... is not intended to sell or induce customers to trade the certificate referred to in this report. _Capitalgare#2 2  Taipei Hong Kong Shanghai