Launching of Operation Panthéon, Focusing on Great Autonomy 07/01/2025: The Recipe: Industry Level: Joint Venture brands have been relatively slow in the wave of new energy transformations in the industry.
At the corporate level, there has been a steady and Eian-resistance performance. From 2023 onwards, the sales have been under pressure, and the middle of the list has been subject to impairment & reduction compensation.
The management model for autonomous brands has been changed from strategic to business management to a simultaneous implementation of organizational changes. The goal is to bring about a positive reduction in the number of vehicles in 10,000.
All three series of medium- and senior-level suv, mpv, and sedan cars are equipped with high-level intellectual driving skills.
In 2025, EA will enter the incremental segment of the market. 2) Deep cooperation will create a new brand for new energy.
The joint venture’s strategy for the next two to three years is to maintain healthy operations, ensure minimum profitability and avoid losses.
Toyota will dominate the gas industry, and the impact of the reduction of the product line & the reduction of the compensation has been addressed at 24q3 locations, bringing together about 1.45 billion yuan in spending throughout the year. Its capacity has been optimized from 770,000 to 600,000 units.) Toyota is actively engaged in electric transformation.
The product will be launched intensively between the end of 2026 and the end of 2027, when Toyota is expected to enter a new growth cycle. The new electric car factory will be officially launched by the end of 2024.
(a) Launching of the flying car brand and continuous promotion of low-altitude
Industrial layout and technological innovation in the economic field. 2) The development, production and marketing of intelligent robots of wide-blown groups are actively expanded. 3) Autonomy R & D + external co-operation to run the whole chain of l4 travel ecology.
"Gang Gas Group (601238): August Group Wholesales and  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Considering the impairment of Honda and other assets in 2024, we're 25% better than -25%, Eian Rings Better"
As a comparable company, the upper-mega/Celebrity/Celius/Changan car, with its capital gradually falling and its reform accelerating, we believe that companies should enjoy higher valuations and maintain an industry level of 1.1.
In the new energy market, the company’s share in the new energy transition has declined significantly. In October 2024, the company sold 12,46 million vehicles, or 59% of the market, a decline of about 27% compared to its peak rate of 86%. In the new energy market, the company’s share was only 29% in October 2024.
In the oil-car era, the joint venture brands have led to sales/profits, and the joint venture brands have been slower in the new energy transition in the industry, which has led to a faster decline in the share/profit capacity of the company.
In terms of profitability, joint-venture brand bicycles have declined more profitably. As competition in the market has increased, sales have fallen/end-of-pipes have cost joint-venture earnings more.
1.2. At the corporate level: the decline in profits from joint ventures; the steady performance of broad-based autonomous sales; and the relative pressure of Eian in 2024. The cumulative monthly sales of mpv such as gm8/gm6/e8 did not exceed 370,000 vehicles, or 3.95 per cent; and the rapid start in 2021-2023 and 2024 as a result of the rapid start in the year 2021-2023.
From 2023 onward, the sales volume has been under pressure, of which extensive amounts have already been subject to impairment/deduction compensation. Wide copies/broadcasters have earned the same-68% of the investment earnings for the joint venture and joint venture.
It's still a profit-making brand for the joint venture. 2. Action is focused on ownership, front-line industry is active. 2.1. Autonomous branding: three years of “Operation Panchae” with a strong focus on ownership.
In November 2024, the company launched a three-year campaign to implement a series of reforms in its organizational structure, with a five-fold guarantee that by 2027 it would account for more than 60 per cent of the Group’s total sales (by November 2024).
Over the next three years, 22 brand brands will be introduced, including 7 in 2025. The measures include: 1) the relocation of the group headquarters from cbd in Guangzhou to the front line for the sale of autonomous brands. 2) the creation of a new team of reform professionals in the areas of products, procurement, finance, and research and development, manufacturing, quality, marketing reform.
2.1.1. Communicate the positive downswing effects of EAAN and the expansion of energy types
Introduction of a brand-new series of medium- and senior-level suv, mpv and sedan vehicles, all of which are equipped with high-level intellectual driving skills. 2) EAAN: Maximizing the downscaling of merger agencies, increasing the range of energy types. Wide-scale autonomous functional units will be merged or organized according to the actual situation, maximizing the consolidation of institutions and streamlining flows while ensuring their relative independence.
In 2025, EA will enter the incremental segment of the market. 2.1.2. In-depth cooperation will create a new brand for new energy, called "Word for Intelligibility + Wide-Smart Ideas."
In order to conclude a deeper cooperation agreement with China, the Group created a new brand of high-end smart new energy vehicles, with the new brand as a vehicle and with China in the areas of product development, marketing and ecological services.
The international market expansion is one of the priority reform initiatives for action, with the company ' s goal of entering 100 countries and territories around the world by 2027, challenging the export of 500,000 vehicles.
In Europe: In Paris in 2024, the Broad Markets Group officially launched the European Markets Plan, which was launched in December 2024.
The European Office has officially unveiled its brand name, branding, marketing services, etc., in Europe. In the next two years, the interior will continue to launch a class B suv and class B backcargo in Europe, while the company is expected to complete a European transit warehouse in 2025 to improve the efficiency of the supply of spare parts.
(ii) South America: In December 2024, the opening of the Pangas Brazilian Office marked the initial construction and official inauguration of Brazil. 3) South-East Asia: Malaysian and Thai factories were completed in 2024, of which Thailand’s plant’s initial capacity was planned at 50,000/year, with market demand.
This increase will increase in step to 10-20 million vehicles; Malaysian ckd plant has a standard capacity of 344,000 vehicles per year, with a maximum capacity of over 50,000 vehicles per year.
2.2. Joint venture: impairment reduction to maintain healthy operations and active electrical transformation 2.2.1. optimize productive capacity to maintain healthy operations
The joint venture’s strategy for the next two to three years will focus on maintaining healthy operations, ensuring minimum profitability and avoiding losses. Of this, the Toyota industry will dominate; and the impact of the reduction in value & staff compensation has been dealt with in 24q3 with a combined annual expenditure of about $1.45 billion, with an optimized capacity from 770,000 to 600,000.
1) Toyota: The new energy smart network products of the world and China will be launched intensively between the end of 2026 and the end of 2027, when Hiroshima and Toyota are expected to enter into a new growth cycle. Toyota is well-connected and highly recognized in new energy development by the Toyota consortium, which will help to secure more Toyota resources and model distribution in the future.)
In May of 2024, Honda announced that it would invest approximately 10 trillion yen (approximately 470 billion yuan) in electrical and software resources by 2030, that it would officially transform traditional fuel vehicles into pure electric vehicles by 2026-2030, and that it was planned to achieve pure electric vehicles and fuel cells by 2040.
In China, Honda will continue through the e:n series and the brand brand new, the front-line industry: active layout will continue at 2.3.1 with flying car brands, low-vacant leaders in the field.
BG will continue to promote industrial layout and technological innovation in the low-altitude economy based on “high-area” brands. BG will have a better base in high-energy batteries, high-speed power generators, high-efficiency power control and autopilot technologies, cloud integration, and will be able to balance aviation in a well-developed management model of the vehicle supply chain.
In December 2024, the company officially launched the brand of a new flying car, "High Area/Goy." The high area covers the entire life cycle of the entire vehicle and its eco-products, through the "Research the Core Technology of the Product + Smart Touchers and Transports"
The platform’s core strategy is to create a system-based solution for the market, from product to platform. In December, it will release the second-higher vehicle product, govyairjet.
It is hoped that the 400-km range will be achieved. The following BIG will incubate a brand-new technology company, launch a pilot vehicle operation programme in two to three cities in the Bay of Australasia area of Hong Kong, and provide a full chain of intelligent travel services for “multiple stations-ground traffic-air traffic”.
Figure 18: Launch of the Volkswagen Automobile brand: Figure 19: Wide Volcano gove and govyairjet 2.3.2. Human-shaped robots are expected to complete production in 2026
On December 26, 2024, the company launched a self-researched third generation of intelligent robots, Gomate, which integrates the pure visual self-research algorithm & all-solid cell technology, and plans to achieve a mass production of self-research components in 2025 and to take the lead in the wider world.
In 2026, we achieved small-scale production and expanded to large-scale production. Gomate is a full-sized human foot robot with 38 degrees of freedom. Four-wheeled feet are stable at an altitude of about 1.4 metres and two-wheeled foot positions can reach 1.75 metres.
In foot mode, robots can go up and down stairs, climb up slopes, cross barriers unilaterally; in two-wheel mode, robots are flexible, efficient, and space is less occupied.
Autonomous R & D + external co-operation to run the chain of l4 excursions eco-groups working to create a chain of l4 excursions from autonomous R & D, production to commercialization of the whole chain of operations (1) Smart travel platforms that have achieved the commercialization of Robotexi are demonstrated: long travel is a cellular group
(b) The launch of the Open Robotaxi Technical Platform in 2022, with access to the third party Robotaxi motorcade for commercialization, and the initiation of acceptance of the Robotaxi car billing order;
By October 2024, when more than 280 robotaxi were in operation, over 1,800 sites were covered and nearly 900,000 km of safe operating miles were completed.
Swimming extension, distribution of autopilot data solutions, including crowd-source maps, 4d tagging, etc., to achieve closed loops. 2) There is continued and increased cooperation with Pony Wise in autopilot technology and Robotaxi, with thousands in 2025 Robotaxi: 11 December 2024, with the signing of a strategic cooperation agreement between Hiromoyan and Pony Wise.
The 7th Generation Autopilot Software and Hardware Program for Global Motors and Ponys, which jointly develops fully redundant preloaded products, is completed in the course of the year and takes the lead in landing in the Grand Bay, and will cover more regions and countries in the future.
3. Profit forecasts and investment proposals are based on the following core assumptions: we predict the profits of the Volkswagen Group from 2024 to 2026. We expect the company to achieve a volume of 78/107/1.36 million (with the same calibre) in 2024 to 2026.
1) Autonomous brands: Three years of action, with a strong focus on autonomy. The management model for autonomous brands has shifted from strategic to operational control, with the associated organizational changes being implemented simultaneously.
(iii) Frontier industries: launch of flying car brands, sustained promotion of industrial layout in the low-altitude economy at $1.4 billion (formerly $2.4 billion), considering that the company's ability to make a profit is expected to continue to grow, we go up and up and up as the company's comparable company, the GVA/CV/Cylis/Long-Ann, equals 2024-2026 pe
Companies should enjoy higher valuations, and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The global recovery is less robust than expected.
Technology applications and related industrial chains.) The risk of geopolitical uncertainties increases. Geopolitical fluctuations in overseas markets can disrupt automobile exports.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.