The company achieved 40.440 billion operating revenues in the first half of 2023, together with transport and rail roads.
The first half of the year was marked by a rapid resumption of passenger operations, with intensive inspections and repairs taking place in the second quarter. The first half of the year, when companies delivered goods of 343 million tons of s09805210003, fell by 205 per cent from the same year, including 292 million tons of coal, an increase of 0.52 per cent from the same year.
In the second quarter, as a result of the company's 30-day “centre repairs”, the volume of the first quarter of the Qin line dropped slightly, to 1.03 per cent as compared with the 92.8 per cent increase in the same year, and in the first half of the year, the turnover of the company decreased by 0.35 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a small increase in operating costs and overall flat costs and a small increase in performance in the first half of the year.
The growth pushed up the cost of passenger transport services, with companies operating at $30.16 billion, or 3.7 per cent, compared with 3.7 per cent in the same year. The gross profits of companies increased by 10.28 billion, or 4.3 per cent, in the second quarter, owing to a slight drop in revenues, the gross profits of companies at $5.28 billion, or 12.1 per cent, compared to the previous period.
In terms of return on investment, the net profit from the company ' s holdings in the first half of the year was 3.386 billion, a decline of 9 per cent compared to the previous half, and the return on the company ' s investments in the first half, 1.45 billion, a decline of 4.2 per cent compared to the previous half, combined with a modest increase in the company ' s performance during the first half of the year, as a result of the smooth operation of freight and the revival of passenger transport.
The demand for coal transport is stable, and companies are expected to operate robustly. In the first half of 2023, the country produced 23.0 billion tons of raw coal, an increase of 4.4 per cent compared to the previous year, and the overall demand for transport remained stable. Companies are actively operating their goods, marketing their operations, actively docking their priority enterprises, targeting their base sources, and swinging market demand in the second quarter of the year.
Qin Railways (601006.sh) - Low efficiency, 2022 performance, 1023 hours.
Qin Railways (601006.sh) - high volume of goods, with a 25.2 per cent increase in performance of 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis
Qin Railways - 601006 - Critical Events Rapid Review: The October traffic was robust and the dividends rate was adequate Investment Recommendation: Maintenance of the `Increased' rating. Considering that the first half of the year's revision of the Qin line resulted in a partial shortfall in the volume of goods and a slight decrease in the forecast of profits,
In mid-2023, the Qin Railway announced that the company earned 40.440 billion in operating income in the first half of 2023, an increase of 3.9 per cent in the same year, and a net gain of 7.54 billion in the mother, an increase of 3.0 per cent in the same year. In the second quarter, the company earned 20.6 billion, a decrease of 0.3 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit of the mother.
Figure 1: Quarterly operating income and rate of increase for the Qin Railway: Quarterly net return of profits and rate of increase for the Qin Railway
During the first half of the year, the volume of goods delivered by the company dropped by 205 per cent in the first half of the year, from 292 million tons of coal, an increase of 0.52 per cent in the second quarter, owing to the 30-day “reconciliation” implemented by the company, and slightly in the first quarter.
In summary, the average turnover of companies decreased by 0.35 per cent in the first half of the year, and revenues from the industry increased slightly in the same year, maintaining robust operations.
A small increase in costs, a flat overall increase in performance in the first half of the year; A significant increase in passenger transport operations in the first half of the year pushed the cost of passenger transport services up by $30.16 billion, an increase of 3.7 per cent compared to 3.7 per cent in the same year; and a gross profit of $10.28 billion, an increase of 4.3 per cent in the same period, with a slight decline in income in the second quarter.
Sliding, the gross profit of the company was $5.28 billion, a decrease of 12.1 per cent compared to the previous year. At the cost end, the overall level of the company's costs was stable, and the return on investment, the net profit on the company's holdings was 3,386 million in the first half of the year, a decrease of 9 per cent compared to the previous half, and the return on the company's investments was 1.45 billion, a decrease of 4.2 per cent compared to the previous half.
The company ' s performance in the first half of the year continued to show modest growth, largely in line with expectations, as a result of the recovery in the movement and passenger movement.
Figure 6: Quarterly investment returns on the Qin railway, Figure 7: Quarterly cost rates for the Qin railway, demand for coal transport is stable and company operations are expected to remain robust
In the first half of 2023, the country’s original coal production rose by 4.4 per cent from the same year, and transport demand as a whole remained stable. Companies are actively engaged in cargo marketing, actively docking priority enterprises, targeting base sources, and, in the event of fluctuations in demand in the city’s second quarter, are taking the initiative to secure safe operations.
The advantages of regional coal concentration strengthen the base plate, boost the efficiency of the lift, exploit the potential of transport to expand the supply of incremental goods, study logistics packages, improve the overall quality of transport services, accelerate the upgrading of the transition to modern logistics, and safeguard corporate equity Investment proposal: maintain an “enhanced” rating.
Taking into account that the first half of the year ' s revision of the Qin line resulted in a partial shortfall in the volume of goods, a small decrease in profit projections, a decline in coal consumption, a decline in core route traffic, and long-term non-regression of prices, the authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author