Sea Group (002311.sz): Forage city coverage continues to rise, and there is hope for co-growth both within and outside the sea group
The company is a high-tech listed company that collects research and development, production and marketing of aquatic feed, animal feed and water feed pre-assembly, and healthy farming. Core business.
Forage markets continue to rise, and overseas sales open new spaces. Forage sales by companies in 2024 are aquatic feed, seedlings, and dynamic conservation products. Companies have already achieved production in priority aquaculture areas throughout the country.
26.5 million tons (including 2.1 million tons of domestic livestock consumption), an increase of 9 per cent over the same period. The data from the Bureau of Statistics show that it is almost the same as in 23 years. The company’s 24-year negative growth in feed sales and a further increase in the city’s share. We judge that the company’s 25-year international feed business is expected to grow together.
With the steady increase in the stock of live pigs over 25 years and the recovery in the volume of water products, domestic production growth and structural optimization are expected to increase in real terms: overseas, corporate feed abroad Debts and cross-share presentations:
Business expansion has been successful, with companies selling more than 1 million tons of feed overseas in the first half of 24 months, up 30% from the same year, and steadily increasing profitability. For 25 years, companies are expected to continue to expand their production capacity abroad, open markets, and they are expected to replicate domestic advantages in overseas markets and sustain overseas operations.
In the case of pig farming, it benefits from a lower cost of raw materials and an increased capacity to raise the 52-week share price range (in dollars) for the company’s 24-year production costs.
Risky, robust business models, where companies actively use hedging to reduce the risk of price volatility, are expected to generate slightly higher profits in 24 years. We judge that the company’s low-risk operating model will continue to protect the company’s main feed business and will continue to improve.
Market share; overseas markets are expected to replicate domestic success stories and contribute to growth. Professional capacity for farming is increasing, low-risk, low-risk, low-asset operating risks are manageable, and the company’s long-term development potential is appreciated.
The annual feed business can rise, farm block risks can be controlled, and companies have a long-term competitive advantage. The source of financial prosperity in the East is projected to be the Great Sea Group (002311.sz): the feed market has continued to grow and is expected to grow both within and outside the country.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Big China Group (002311.sz): Forage city occupancy continues to rise, and there is hope for co-growth, both within and outside the country, in sub-sectors such as Xian Xin Xianxing, forage protection, pet food, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.