In the middle of the harvest season, high points of red value were found on 26th of August, 2022, with the high quality of the river's resources, to strengthen the hydropower industry: the firmness of the company's “one-in-one” industrial development strategy.
\triangleright, with hydropower at its core, with four hydroelectric companies under the current company's flag holding direct ownership, has put in place a holding capacity of 1204,000 kilowatts, with 390,000 kilowatts of Silver River hydropower in production expected in 2025; and two water companies participating in it
The company’s performance is expected to increase further with the production of the Yagi River and the Yai River. The Golden Waterway Yajing River has opened its third stage of growth: the Yai River is ahead of the main power station on average by hours each year.
\triangleright compares to the company Yangjiang Power, Power and Power, the average crew hours used from 2018 to 2020 are still 539 hours higher than the national average hours used for hydropower, which is known as the Golden Waterway.
After delivery, the Yakuza River has an installed capacity of 19.2 million kW, and the remaining five power stations in Yakuza have been approved for construction and will have a capacity of about 27 million kW until they are fully loaded. The results show that the Yakuza River is running in the medium and long term, and that the Māori rate, net interest rate, will be around 60% and 35%, with all the postpartum camps.
Revenues and profits are about double the current downstream development completion phase, and the gold watercourses remain coloured. High-scoring red value is rediscovered: in recent years, companies have gradually increased their annual share of red in 2020.
The announcement of Shareholder Return Planning (2020-2022) suggests that the annual distribution of profits in cash continues in principle. In 2021, the company’s dividends were calculated at 3.0% of the price collected on the day before the date of the register of dividends, and the value of the configuration would be significant if the properties were further strengthened.
Investment proposal: The company is actively involved in the new energy business while it is determined to develop its hydropower industry and is expanding the \triangleright main business map. Two or three Yang power stations are operational, and the company ' s share of Yagi River will go up to the next level to benefit from the machine.
The group's high utilization rate and the super-pressure of construction were reduced by the gradual elimination of market concerns about profitability. \triangleright1 \triangleright1 \triangleright1 high-quality resources and a strong hydropower industry
1.1 Outsourcing, establishing that Sichuan Sichuan Energy Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Sichuan) is the predecessor of the Omnillite Alloy Factory, transferred the shares of the company held by the Kawasakasaka Group to the Kawasaka Group, which became the company ' s first major shareholder in 1993.
In 2004, the company replaced 95 per cent of the Sichuan Jaeyang electric power holdings with all iron alloy assets, and 31.86 per cent of the Eibinsriya shares in the same year replaced 10 per cent of the Sichuan National Energy River holdings of the Sichuan Group, resulting in a shift to the electricity sector and a change in its name the following year.
By the end of the first quarter of 2022, the Kawakashi Group had directly held 53.87 per cent of the shares held by Tian Wan River, 48 per cent of the Second Beach Hydropower (now Yagi River Water and Power), which it had set out as the main business direction for hydropower development and operation.
The company is owned by the Sichuan State Treasury. The Yangtze Power Holding Company, with 11.00% of the shares, is the company’s second largest shareholder.
In 2017, the company shut down the fire engine unit (11,000 kW) and dissolved the liquidation of Qayang electricity at the end of 2018; the company currently holds four hydroelectric companies with holdings of 1204,000 kW and an interest of 125.2 million kW.
(a) Thousands of kilowatts (kW) and tidal plants (39,000 kW) with a projected output in 2025; two participating hydroelectric companies, Yagi River (18.7 million kW) and Grand-Dao River (11,735,000 kW); the “two auxiliary” industry, mainly a subsidiary of the company, is responsible for the development and production of orbital transport electrical automation systems and fibre-optic fibre-optic cable products.
In May of that year, the company announced that it would contribute 1.6 billion yuan to the Nuclear Replenishment Replenishment Facility, accounting for 6.40% of its registered capital. In addition to participating in two major hydroelectric companies, the company is now involved in new energy sources in the new energy layout, medium-wide nuclear wind power, and medium-energy transfer.
By the end of 2021, long-term equity investments had a book value of 3.2150 billion yuan, or 66.3 per cent of the total assets currently in the public domain.
In July 2020, the company also acquired new hydroelectric assets, installed capacity and generated electricity under the flag of Nakakawa.
In 2020, in 2021, the company produced 4,296 million kWh and 4,853 million kWh, an increase of 33.0 per cent and 13.0 per cent respectively. In 2021, the subsidiary Tian Wan River power station leaked through the Inzon Sea dam, a decrease of 198 million kWh compared to the same period last year, a decline of 10.9 per cent compared to the total forecast by the company announcement.
Figure 5: At the end of 2021, 1.04 million kwanwa, the company’s main business was well developed, and the downside of the company’s revenue from the liquidation of Kayang’s power supply was gradually repaired. The company’s electricity business is currently a clean and efficient hydroelectric asset.
The main responsibility for the turn-over was hardware, software products and services, consisting of three services, with a revenue of $240 million in 2021, figure 10: 74.3 per cent of the total revenue from the Kawasaka Power Camp in 2021, $422 million in 2021 and 44.9 per cent of the current company as a whole.
Māori accounted for 79.6 per cent of the Māori track rate, which fluctuated more than that of electricity, with a gross profit of 86 million yuan in 2021, or 35.9 per cent, of Māori in the current period, and 16.3 per cent of Māori as a whole in Sichuan Province, where electricity prices have declined in recent years, leading to a decline in Māori in the company ' s power operations, and Māori in the company ' s overall Māori ratio and electricity.
The business Māori ratio is on a consistent downward trend. Corporate profits consist mainly of investment returns on joint ventures/joint ventures, with 48 per cent of Yagi River ' s hydropower contribution in 2021 accounting for approximately RMB 3.03 billion in 2021, or RMB 3.03 billion in 2021.
93.5% of investment returns from joint ventures have declined slightly in recent years. According to the company ' s annual report 2018, the company ' s accounting for 10% of the country ' s shareholdings since November 2018 shows a change from financial instruments to long-term equity investments, with subsequent gains to be accounted for in the equity law.
Photovoltaic power combined contributed about $210 million in investment earnings.2 The gold watercourse Yagi River opened the third stage of its growth, with the development of the Yagi River entering the meso-promotion era.
In the third place of the 13 largest hydroelectric bases identified by the countries of the lower and middle river sector of the Yagi River, the dry flow technology can be developed; the power stations are seven medium- and middle-swain stations (the mouths of the two rivers, the first level of the tooth, the second level of the tooth, the second level of the tooth, the trough, the Mendygus, the Yangtze Trench, the Kala) and five lower-seat power stations (the screen level, the second level of the screen, the official land, the second-basket, the saloon forest hydropower station).
In 2016, after the launch of the Kiyoko Lin hydroelectric plant, Yagi River water and water completed the second phase of the Yajang development, namely, the construction of all the power stations downstream, while the third phase of the Yajang medium-stream development is being synchronized, with all the units of the two main power stations, the two estuaries and the Yang Qui, now operational, with a combined capacity of 4.5 million units.
Wa, as of March 2022, the capacity of the Yagi River has reached 19.2 million kW. 2.1.1 Two estuaries and Yang Qui have come into production and contributed to the profits of the two estuaries
The power station is the Dragon Head Titling Water Station, which is located in Yajiang County, Ganze Province, Sichuan province. It is the largest of the seven elevator stations planned to be built in the middle stream of the Yatsu River River, with a normal water storage level of 2,865 metres, corresponding to a reservoir capacity of 10,154 million cubic metres, and a storage capacity of 6,566 million cubic metres.
On 29 November of that year, a single unit of 500,000 kilowatts of water turbines with a total installed capacity of 3 million kilowatts (kW) was set up to stop the river flow and begin the construction of the fence. On 29 September 2021, units 5 and 6 were installed to produce electricity, and on 27 October, 2 November, and on 22 December, units 4, 3 and 2 became operational.
On March 1st, 2022, a crew of all 6 units became operational, and the power station is located on the middle river section of the Yagi River, located in Murite, Shanshan Autonomous Region, Sichuan Province.
In June 2015, construction was approved by Sichuan Province, which started on 1 July 2021.
The first unit, Unit 1, was powered on 8 July of the same year, and the first unit, Unit 2, 4, and 3, was manufactured on 16, 17 October of the same year, and all four units became operational.
A total of 4549.50, 2294.88 and 1870.00 kW, respectively, and 7,782.8 million kWh of electricity generated by Yagi River throughout the year, an increase of 0.46 per cent compared to the previous year, resulted in poor water and the production of new units, which decreased in average hours but were still 539 hours above the national average of 539 hours of electricity and water.
1840 million yuan, an increase of 4.9 per cent in the same year and a net return to the mother of 6.313 billion yuan, an increase of 1.3 per cent in the same year.
Figure 21: Net profit on water and water from Yagi River in 2021 of $6.313 million, 2.1.2 Kara, Mondequat relay “155, or the withdrawal of YAC or “16”
On July 31, 2015, and November 29, 2018, the Ministry of the Environment (formerly the Ministry of Environmental Protection) issued an environmental evaluation report on the Kala and Mondiguy hydroelectric plants. On June 17, 2020, Yatsujiang received a copy of the approval for the Yatsu Jankara hydroelectric power station project from the Sichuan Ministry Development and Reform Commission (Yakakawa energy conversions)
On 27 February 2021, the Sichuan Provincial Development and Rehabilitation Commission (SDC) issued an authorization for the rehabilitation of the Yagiang Mondi Gorge Hydroelectric Station (No. 64) and agreed to the construction of the Mondi Gorge Waters Kara Hydroelectric Station.
The power station is located in the Muri Tibetan Autonomous District of the Kushan Autonomous Oblast, Sichuan Province, and is the seventh-level hydroelectric plant developed by the Yagi River. The power plant at Kara is planned to have a capacity of 1.22 million kW. The hub is made up of water-shielding buildings, flood-discharged buildings, and water-guiding power generation systems.
The construction began on 22 July 2020 at the Mundigu hydroelectric power station, located in Kyorong County, Ganze Tibetan Autonomous State, Sichuan Province, and Muri County, Shanshan State, which is the main stream of the Yagi River.
The fifth ladder, developed in the middle-stream “Save 7” with a high-water power plant at the upper end of the river, will be the Yangtze Trench. The reservoir will have a normal water storage level of 2254 metres, corresponding to 854 million cubic metres of storage capacity and a planned power station capacity of 2.4 million kW. The hub building will consist mainly of a concrete dam on the river bed, a lower-water mating pond, a second dam and a left-shore water-dip generation system.
As a result, the maximum dam is 198 metres high, with a combined capacity of 3.42 million kilowatts (kW) in Ka and Mon, expected to be produced during the 15th anniversary, which will bring the capacity of Yagi River to 2262 million kW, a further increase from the current level of 19.2 million kW.
It is 17.8 per cent long, with a combined installed capacity of approximately 4 million kW for the remaining dental roots I, II and Kuluku hydroelectric plants, assuming that the construction is approved for start-up during the “XV” period and production during the “XVI” period, at which time the capacity of the Yadang hydroelectric unit will reach approximately 27 million kW.
2.2 The current market concerns about the profitability of the Yakuza River hydroelectric power plant are due to two main reasons: the investment budget for the two estuaries was significantly increased from $40,765 million to $66,846 million in 2013.
\triangleright rises to $6.04/kWh, and the high depreciation and financial costs of the high investment resulting from the conversion of the project will reduce the profitability of the entire Yagi River.
In contrast to the down-stream, screen level I, screen level II, and the official hydroelectric power station, which was mainly evacuated to Jiangsu \triangleright province in the developed eastern region, the planning areas of Yang and Yang are located in China, where Sichuan and Jiangxi, respectively, are located.
Of these, Sichuan, as the Ministry of Electricity and Water, has a relatively low cost of electricity for the Internet, especially during the water-rich period. 15,876 yuan per year was increased to $17,121 million at the time of the year, and Mendee Trench was granted $27,529 million in 2018. The construction of the hydroelectric plant has a long time span and the cost of materials, labour, equipment, immigration compensation, etc. is difficult to increase.
To avoid the fact that the large increase in the investment budget was not the first to occur, the two major downstream power stations, namely, the screen level I, the screen level II, were raised from $245,43, 29,768 million to $401,77, $38,056 million, or 64%, 28%. For the two, Yang and the successor power stations, the profit estimates should be analysed not only from an individual point of view, but rather from the entire Yagi.
From the point of view of the company, a combination of various aspects such as river basin ladder increases, financial costs, tax policies, etc. Business income from the main hydropower industry = electricity prices on the Internet x electricity on the Internet/(1+VAT) rate.
In the case of new hydroelectric plants that have been put into production since 1 February 2014, the price of electricity on the Internet for electricity out of the province and across the region is reduced by the price of electricity (line damage) in the area where the electricity is received.
The prices are determined in accordance with the principle of equality and mutual benefit between the recipient and the recipient of the electricity, in consultation with the average purchase price of the power grid enterprises in the recipient region.
At present, the Yadang power station is being transported to Jiangxi province mainly through Yadang-Janxi800kvt high voltage, which began work in 2019. According to the Office of the National Development and Reform Commission, the temporary transmission price for the Jang-Hubei, Yad-Jan-Jan-Janxi kilovolt runoff project is 6.85 minutes per kilowatt hour (including taxes and damage to the transmission chain line).
In addition, in accordance with the policy of the Sichuan Ministry Development and Change Commission, NCN Sichuan Electric Power Company, when settling the price of long-term water and electricity outages with the power plant, settles it at 1.3 cents/kWh on the basis of the price of the Internet, according to which “the price of electricity on the Internet = (sale price/purchase price/polling price/base price - transmission and distribution price)” (1-
The price of electricity on the Internet is 0.3021 when it is calculated under the above-mentioned transmission price and the loss of line, assuming that all electricity delivered by the Yatami power station across the province is based on the downside price of electricity in Jiangxi Province, and that the marketed portion of electricity traded in Jiangxi has a difference of 1 cent/dry-watt hour for the average annual price of electricity on the Internet throughout the year.
/Danish Wh; assuming that the average price difference from annual marketed transactions in Sichuan province is 3 points/dry Whh, run-off/quarterly adjustments and incomplete annual/annual adjustments of the corresponding Internet prices for the three power stations are 0.2674, 0.3080 and 0.3466 kWh, respectively.
In order to simplify the forecast process, assuming that all electricity from the two river vents is delivered to Jiangxi, and that the power from the secondary power station is transferred to Jiangxi at 1:4, the amount of access required for the outlet is about 6 million kwan, and the total capacity from the Yang Trench is about 7.5 million kwan.
The capacity of the new energy channels that may be needed should be sufficient for the Yadang directly-channel capacity. For the construction and delivery time of the Yadhu electric power plants, the following assumptions are made: two units are already in operation; Kara: two in 2026, two in 2027 and two in 2021; Mendee Gorge: two in 2021, two in 2029, and one in 2030.
Based on the combined years of power generation in the economic and technological indicators used for the steady production of electricity in the Yatami plants, the compensatory effect of the two estuaries on the Yatiya power stations is assumed to rise in the step-by-step form from 2021 to 2024. Assuming that the plant uses 0.5% of the electricity, the amount of electricity connected to the grid is calculated. On the basis of the above measurements and the price of electricity, the value added at the aggregate is 13%.
The tax rate is calculated on the basis of operating income, which was changed to a water tax on 1st month, to include taxes and supplements, and a treasury fund, among others.
\triangleright 45,163 million yuan, with the final investment cut-off reserve value of 90 per cent of the budgeted investment
The amount of the \triangleright project does not allow for separate calculations of depreciation for projects such as dam hub works, electromechanical works, land expropriations, environmental protection, etc., with an aggregate depreciation rate of 3.2 per cent for the same reference to previous years.
Bank fund: at 0.8 / kilowatt hour. \triangleright, other costs such as \triangleright, manpower: average of same-year incremental load capacity and incremental power generation.
Figure 24: Depreciation of fixed assets of Yagi River water and electricity 2006-2021, based on the assumed pace of production, measured the profits from the operation of Yagi River water and water 2022-2035. Taxes and additions: predominantly include taxes on water resources transferred after December 2017 and municipal construction, education, education, etc.
Real estate, land, stamp taxes, etc., water taxes are calculated at 0.5 points per kilowatt hour, while other taxes are set at 12 per cent of the value added tax tax, in accordance with the policy, and three fees: sales, administration, R & D costs are set at 2.5 per cent of operating income in previous years.
Financial costs: Based on interest-bearing liabilities and combined fund costs, of which interest-bearing liabilities are \triangleright short-term borrowings from the previous year, non-current liabilities due in one year, long-term borrowing, sum of bonds payable, less firm
Depreciation of fixed assets (assuming that the annual amount of depreciation is fully applied to the repayment of interest-bearing debts), plus the interest-bearing portion of the liability transferred from construction in progress to fixed assets in the current year; and reference to prior years for the cost of combined funds Income tax rate: Ministry of Finance, General Directorate of Taxes, NDRC III, 23 April 2020
\triangleright Joint Publication on Renewing the Income Tax Policy for Western Large Development Enterprises (Ministry of Finance Bulletin 2020 No. 23) to encourage industries in the western region to reduce the tax rate on enterprises by 15%
No change, based on the above-mentioned assumptions on the progress of production, estimates of the combined income tax of Yagi River Corporation for each year. Figure 25: Cost of marketing, management, R & D of Yagi River 2006-2021.
Holding around 60 per cent, 35 per cent, all post-partum harvests, profits are about double the current downstream development completion phase, and the gold watercourses remain coloured.
3.1 The investment of high hydropower capital in Yagi River has been over since its completion in 2016, and there has been a significant decrease in the average annual cash expenditure on fixed assets, intangibles, other long-term assets and so on.
The annual average capital expenditure fell and the annual demand for two major shareholders fell. In 2021, the energy supply from Kawaji River increased by 960 million yuan, the cash share from Yaji River was 2,400 million yuan, and, with the two-yang coming into production, the electricity and water expenditure from Yagi River fell, profits rose and the cash share went up.
A healthy cash flow, with companies maintaining low asset-liability ratios, 2021 years, compared to comparable companies. In 2020, the company published Sichuan Energy Investments Co. Ltd. shares for the next three years (2020-2022).
In principle, the profits that the company distributes in cash each year are not less than 50% of the net profit of the mother. In 2021, the company allocated a cash dividend of 0.40 yuan per share, with a red rate of 57.1%, after 70.6% of the Yangtze electric power, which is higher than the average of comparable companies.
The high-scoring ratio is expected to continue.
The rate of corporate dividends in 2021 was 3.0 per cent based on the collection price the day before the date of the register of dividends, if the profit projection and investment recommendation 4.1 were split between the profit projection assumption and the business
A profit forecast for the company’s main business can be divided into two main business sections: hydropower and railing.
Power generation: In 2022, the Tanya River power station was renovated and power generation decreased, followed by a return to normal water \triangleright, until the company as a whole is projected to be in 2022, taking into account the new power delivery in Kawakami and the incremental contribution of its assets
The company’s orbital transport Electrification Automated Control System consists mainly of software products, hardware products, and customization services. For the company’s main track turnover forecast for 2022-2025, the following assumptions are made:
Māori ratio: reference to historical Māori levels of corporate software, hardware, services, assuming three Māori ratios, combined with other operations that have less impact on corporate revenue collection; new acquisitions of new energy operations based on simplified assumptions, reference to 2021 revenue levels; calculation of return on investments that have a greater impact on corporate profits already in the preceding chapter
Figure 39: Absolute valuation of primary hydropower operator, power from Yangtze, power from China, power from China, energy from China, and energy from Taiwan for nearly three years
The valuation using the dcf method is based on the following key assumptions, taking into account the 10-year rate of return on public debt and taking into account interest rate fluctuations, the risk-free rate is assumed to be 2.58 per cent, based on the precautionary principle; the company beta coefficient for the last three months is in line with the firm ' s involvement in the new energy operations of the company ' s power and power industry and the continuous expansion of the main business version.
Two, the Yangtze power station was put into production, and the company's share of Yagi River water and water went up to the next floor, benefiting from high fleet utilization and hyperpressure construction, after market concerns gradually dissipated. The increase in the red rate gave the company a stronger share of 1) the use of hours. The electricity industry, as one of the pillars of the national economy, changed supply-demand relations.
To a large extent affected by macroeconomic performance, this will have a direct impact on the number of hours spent on power generation equipment (2) and on the price of electricity on the Internet. Downstream user side policies that lower the price of electricity on the sale side may be passed upstream, leading to lower prices of electricity on the Internet; as electricity is being modified, the scale of marketized transactions on the electricity market is increasing and may be levelling off.
The main factor influencing the income from hydropower is the abundance of upstream water, which is less predictable in relation to natural factors such as precipitation and climate. 4) The cost of engineering has risen.
The corporate financial statement data projections are aggregated, methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.