The cost of copper and cobalt plates has been significantly reduced, and profits have been re-innovated in a single season - a quarterly review of the Luoyang Molybdenum Industry - the company achieved $7,432 million in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 28.53 per cent;
The net return to the mother is now 1.55 billion yuan, an increase of 159.54 per cent over the same period; the basic gain per share is 0.07 yuan per unit.1 There are significant fluctuations in Congolese copper and cobalt production and a significant decrease in costs: the effects of the monsoon season in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, combined with a decline in production as a result of the renovation of the acid mills, have resulted in a decline in production in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
The tfm copper cobalt mine achieved 39,464 tons of copper metal production, a significant 27 per cent decrease in the same year. However, the company adjusted the package to take full advantage of stocks of high cobalt raw materials, resulting in a 35 per cent increase in cobalt production over the same period. As the company applied the cobalt revenue to offset cash costs, the copper metal c1 was cashed in a quarter.
This was significantly reduced to US$ 1.96/lb. 2 - One season returns to an all-time high: production fluctuated, but public sector commodity prices continued to improve in the first quarter of 2018, with cobalt quarterly averages rising by more than 20 per cent and molybdenum.
The prices of products such as tungsten, copper, thorium, etc. have risen steadily since the mine ' s quarterly average price increased by about 18%.
However, more than 185,000 tons of copper production and some 17,000 tons of cobalt are still expected to be achieved throughout the year under the Tenke project; moreover, production of copper is expected to remain stable in the interior and in Australia under the npm project. At prices, we judge the centre of commodity prices in companies such as tiles, copper gold, cobalt, etc.
It is estimated that for each dollar/pound increase in cobalt prices, the company will increase its profits by approximately 47 million dollars per season, and if the average April cobalt price is used as the quarterly average, the company ' s profits in the second quarter or the risk of increased cobalt prices, interest rates and exchange rate fluctuations.
The cost of the copper and cobalt plate has been significantly reduced, the profits have been re-invented in a single season.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.