The Medical Group has steadily improved its performance, and the medical and American plates have maintained a rapid growth rate of billions of yuan, +10 per cent for the same year; the net profit from non-return to the mother is 2,160 million yuan, + 14 per cent for the same period.
See, the company achieved revenues of $100.09 billion in the third quarter of 2023, i.e. +4 per cent; net parentage 1.
2. China East Pharmaceutical Company Review: The Medical College has maintained a high rate of growth, innovative products have been active in upgrading the management of its operations and its performance has been steadily improving.
Net non-mortality profit of $1,835 million, an increase of 13.41 per cent over the same period; of this, the pharmaceutical industry block achieved operating income of $2,940 million (including cso operations) in the third quarter, an increase of 8.34 per cent over the same period, and net non-mortality profit of $609 million, an increase of 10.13 per cent over the same period.
In the first three quarters of 2023, a total of $20,291 million in operating income was achieved, up from the two-wheel drive of the overseas and domestic markets, and the medical and aesthetic plates were maintained at a higher rate. The corporate medical and beauty panels achieved a total of $1,874 million in operating income in the first three quarters (the internal offsetting factor was removed).
Of these, the fully-owned company Sinclair achieved sales revenue of about 973 million yuan (+23%), ebitda of about 148 million yuan and continued operating profits. The fully-owned subsidiary Shinkomi continued to farm deep in the Chinese market, holding that
In the U.S., operating income of $824 million (+89%) was achieved in the last three quarters. In keeping with the differentiated R & D strategy, the pipeline is moving forward.
Chinabla, the world’s first new drug, the somiture anti-injection liquid, is expected to be accepted in the fourth quarter of 2023, and is expected to be marketed in 2024: in the endocrine field, and in the public domain.
At the core of the glp-1 target, the Division established a product line covering a wide range of agents, including long-term and multi-target combinations of spherical innovation and bio-like drugs, in which the first test case of the I-i-ii clinic was completed in September 2023.
We maintain a profit expectation for 2023-2025, and the company is expected to achieve a net return on its own.
Product R & D is not as fast as expected; increased competition in product markets leads to a downside risk in net interest rates; market diffusion falls short of expected risks, etc.
Within a week, within a month and in February.