Three-quarterly review of Chinese medicine (000963.sz) in 2023: Eyeon-Yeon-Yen has continued to grow and the profitability of medical and American operations has increased, both within and outside the country.
The pharmaceutical industry has continued to increase its profitability and co-benefits. Billions of dollars, +7.0%/+9.5%/+37.0%, respectively; single q3, medical commerce/pharmaceutical industry/medic industry/medical cost reduction, operating effectiveness has steadily improved, adding to the increased profitability and multidimensionality of medical and American operations.
Q3’s ability to promote profitability is good. 3’s medical plate ring has increased exponentially by the same year, and it looks forward to a substantial increase in the relay power of the subsequent pipeline. (1) Domestic medical business: Yeon-seok continues to lead the high-end regenerative market, with considerable potential for two new PV products.
The 23q1-q3 fully-funded company HSKKK achieved revenue of $824 million/yoy+88.79% and continued to increase profitability.
As for the future of the tube line, the current type of injection (Yyanse) is being promoted.
The pace of clinical registration of the m-type, e-mails, etc.), photovoltaics (glacialrx, v series, etc.) has been steadily advancing and, in a longer dimension, strategic collaboration with the Korean company atgc to improve the distribution of meat and poison has been beneficial for the company’s global medical and aesthetic operations. (2) Medical and American overseas operations: actively overcoming the slowdown in economic growth.
For hundreds of millions of yuan/yoy+23.27 per cent, the ebitda is about 148 million yuan, and the profits of the operation are maintained. One q3 q3 shows that overseas medical practitioners are expected to earn $304 million/yoy+17 per cent of their operating income. The company expects to continue the trend of faster growth throughout the year and to increase their profitability.
Profit forecasting: Core product Eyeonseq3 has been growing, increasing by the same time, and photovoltaic equipment (reaction, snow) has further enriched the mesh line, helping the company to build a “one-stop” face year Light-up beauty programme, enhancing the integrated competitiveness of the company's medical and aesthetic operations, and it is expected that they will be profitable.
Risk factors: less progress in the development of clinical evidence, less success in market promotion, more than expected in the production of medically-American products
In 2022, he joined the Shuda Portfolio as Deputy Director-General of the Research and Development Centre. In 2021, he received the second in a new wealth zero suit, and the first in a crystal ball suit/retail.
Zhou Ziao Xiao Xiao, Master of Economics, Nanjing University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Economics, Chinese University of Technology, formerly a part of the Hinjing Securities Agency, will not be associated, either directly or indirectly, with specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.