China-dong Medicines (000963.sz) Medical beauty business has increased performance, and the diet track is in the pre-industry current prices (2023-10-31):
The performance in the first three quarters of 2023 was 30.395 billion yuan in operating income for the company in January-September 2023, an increase of 9.10 per cent in the same year and 2,189 million yuan in the net return to the mother, an increase of 10.48 per cent in the same year.q3 profits grew much faster than income growth, with medical and American operations increasing 36.99 per cent in the same year.
Larger group China Medicine Business: Business income of 20,291 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 6.99 per cent in the same year and a net gain in industrial micro-organisms: an increase of 36.22 per cent in the same year after income was removed from specific commercial products.
For the glp-1 target, the company has set up eight products that cover a combination of oral, injection and other types of agents, including long-lasting and multi-target global innovations and bio-like drugs, covering adaptive conditions such as weight reduction, nash, lipid reduction, ckd, etc.
One of the most comprehensive drug companies in the country’s glp-1 targets. It is worth noting that the company’s Lilarupine has been approved for diabetes and overweight or obesity in the country, has now been sold in hundreds of large hospitals and has worked with nearly 200 drug chains’ headquarters to demonstrate a forward-looking strategic vision and strong research and development.
In other research products, the first clinical trial of the ii-diabetes adaptive ii was completed, in collaboration with Chongqing Kim; the oral molecule glp-1 receptor agonist hdm1002 diabetes accelerosis was introduced in early June 2023; and the obese ind application was made in China in early June 2023.
Approved in September 2005: glp1r/gipr double-target long-acting multi-pyridium agonist hdm1005 is expected to be submitted in early 2024, ind application: multi-agonist at the Glp-1r/gcgr/fgf21r target of the holding subsidiary Doyle Biology Dr10624 is conducting an i-clinical trial of obesity in New Zealand and China.
In the first three quarters of this year, the fully funded company Hinko-Mi earned $824 million, an increase of 88.79%, and the star-producing girl q4 is expected to continue on a continuous basis. The fully-owned subsidiary, Sinclair, has even slowed global economic growth.
With a combination of products such as Yeon-seok, Riène Reaction, and snowy gracialspa, a “one-stop” facial rejuvenation program has been created. With a steady build-up of the pipeline ladders, it is expected to increase its performance when it comes to the market.
In August 2023, acid completed the collection of the main therapeutic performance indicators for all subjects of the Chinese clinical trial, and in March 2023 all subjects of the Chinese clinical trial were integrated into the group. The company also concluded a strategic cooperation agreement with the Korean company atgc in October on injection fluids containing a type of botulinum toxin.
Registration testing and preparation of technical information in the country, V20 registration application received by the National Drug Control Service in September 2023, and V30 registration tests and technical information are being prepared in an orderly manner. Investment proposal: Chinese medicine, with a forward-looking strategic vision and strong research and development capabilities, is being developed through bd, autonomous research and development.
This report is provided to you for reference purposes only, not as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities, or as an invitation to any particular person.
The information contained in this report is based on data compiled by Anshin International Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. (Ansin International) and represents only the expression of views. Andin International, its parent and/or affiliated companies, or any individual, cannot guarantee its accuracy or integrity. The information, observations and assumptions contained in this report reflect the judgement of Ansin International as of the date of the initial report, and can be changed at any time without further notice.
International, where the parent company or any of its subsidiaries does not bear any direct or indirect or related loss to any person as a result of the use of the material in this report