The three-quarter review in 2023 for medicine in China (000963), but the net return profit continues to rise steadily. Since this year, the company has been operating for three consecutive quarters.
More than 10 billion dollars have been collected, thanks mainly to the combined efforts of the pharmaceutical industry, the pharmaceutical business, the pharmaceutical business, the pharmaceutical industry, and the industrial micro-organisms to promote corporate development. The pharmaceutical industry continues to invest more in research and development around the areas of endocrine, self-immunisation, and oncology.
During the first three quarters of 2023, the pharmaceutical industry was able to achieve operating income of $8,894 million (including cso operations), an increase of 9.48 per cent over the same period; net profit from non-repatriation of $1,835 million, an increase of 13.41 per cent over the same period. Companies continued to increase their investment in research and development and continued to enrich the layout of innovative drug research and development pipelines, focusing on tumours and internal divisions.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company invested $1.650 billion in research and development in the pharmaceutical industry, of which direct research and development expenditure amounted to $1.022 billion, or more than 50%. Among these, the company introduced the first global drug, adc, the somitutold anti-injection fluid.
The country ' s bla application is expected to be accepted in the fourth quarter of this year, with the creation of glp-1 and associated target 8 products covering oral, injection and other types of agents, including long-lasting and multi-target global innovations and bio-like drugs.
In the industrial microbiological development strategy, the company has made a clear strategic presentation in the four main areas of xrna, special ingredients & intermediates, big health & biological materials, animal health care, and has made positive progress in expanding the market for adc and special ingredients.
Overseas client strategies and business cooperation agreements are in place, and efforts are being made to accelerate the deployment of line management and market promotion for dynamic insurance operations. In the first three quarters of 2023, when the total income of the plate was cut off from specific commercial product operations, the pharmaceutical business continued to grow robustly.
Obtaining a high share of growth; innovative business focus on product agents, triangular logistics, pharmaceutical power suppliers, and niche health. In the first three quarters of 2023, the pharmaceutical business block achieved $20,291 million, compared to internal offsets, an increase of 36.99 per cent over the same period.
With a slow impact, the fully-owned company, Sinclair, continued to expand the global medical and American market, achieving sales revenues of about $973 million in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 23.27 per cent over the previous quarter. Companies expect that Sinclair as a whole will continue to grow at a faster pace throughout the year, with a rising contribution to the company’s profitability.
On the US side, Hin Ko-mei continued to farm in the Chinese market and earned $824 million in business income in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 88.79 per cent. The company focused on female needles in the domestic medical market and integrated PV frequency-type products with a master ' s precision against decay and a tight dual effect.
Reactionary Aileen, the two new products listed on the market in the cool snow with the innovative “ice technology” for functional skin management. Investment proposals: the company’s pharmaceutical industry and pharmaceutical commerce are steadily developing, and products such as young girls’ needles promote beauty.
Business growth, glp-1-related product layouts continue to progress, and corporate development can take place in the future. I explained: the “market index” of this rating system,a with a depth of 300 indexes; and the three-board index of the new three-board frame of reference.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.