On October 17, 2023, the company issued an announcement that China’s wholly-owned pharmaceutical company,
Atgc., ltd. (at market value: $42.10, or “atgc”).
Injecting fluids containing botulinum a toxin, atgc-110 are licensed globally (excluding India) in regions such as China, the United States and Europe, as well as in South Korea.
Non-exclusively licensed, clinical development, registration, and marketing of all adaptive disorders, including medical beauty and treatment, 2023.8.16 Business interests.
2. China East Medicines: The continent ' s first glp-1 diet drug was approved, with over $17 million in clinical development and registration milestones.
Korea’s clinical research is progressing well, and it is expected to enrich the company’s medical-American injection line further. Good long-term development, 2023.4.14 atgc-110 is a nervous, autonomous development based on atgc, at the clinical research stage.
Regulators, with 150 kdaa-type carbotoxins, are used to improve the middle-to-heavy eyebrow tattoos of adult patients. As of the date of this announcement, the product has completed a clinical study in Korea on improving the middle-to-heavy eyebrow tattoos, which has reached the end of the predefined study.
A total of 111 clinical studies have been completed, and atgc will submit a listing application to the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety as soon as possible after the completion of 111 clinical studies.
The introduction of bottox products will further enrich the company’s medical and American injection product pipelines, expand its adaptive coverage, and contribute to the creation of diverse medical and aesthetic brands and product clusters.
On October 13, the public-controlled company Doyle Biology announced its global first three-point multi-specific innovation drug, dr10624 completed the weight management adaptive disorder for overweight or obese people in China.
The first series of single dose increment (sad) clinical trials (a total of 12) was administered. Dr10624 is currently running the sad and mad trials in New Zealand simultaneously and has shown better safety, tolerance and initial efficacy signals.
The glp-1 target has been constructed with a full and differentiated product line, and the products are also being developed for multi-products such as smigrupine injection fluids, glp-1r agonist gdm1002, two-point accelerator hdm1005 and sco-094, tttp273 etc.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating, we maintain our profit expectations for 2023-2025, with companies expected to achieve net return profits separately, with less progress in product R & D than expected, and increased competition in product markets leading to a risk of a decline in net interest rates;
The market does not extend as much as the expected risks.