China East Medicine (000963.sz): Signing of an exclusive stock investment agreement with Chongqing and product distribution, restructuring of meat and poison to further improve the layout of the company ' s meat and poison management line: (1) China East Pharmaceuticals Full Capital Company, Hing Kae Mimei, Hangzhou Production, Landing and Chongqing
Xiaohuadong Medicines (000963), Fitch Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and its shareholders signed a joint equity investment agreement with each investor to purchase a new registered capital of RMB 2.102.6 million for a total of RMB 300 million, corresponding to the current payment.
A total of 8,5714% of the stock was paid by Hing Kae-mei, who paid RMB 150 million and later held 428.47% of Chongqing reputation (based on which the value of Chongqing reputation was estimated to be $3.5 billion). (2) The Chinese medicine and Chongqing reputation signed an exclusive distribution agreement and obtained a reorganisation of a meat owned by Chongqing reputation.
From the point of view of the Chinese industry, the use of virulent drugs is high, and the Chinese market is large and growing rapidly.
Botox is the most commonly used non-surgery medical beauty project, with 9.22 million global orthopaedic surgeons in 2022, representing 48.9% of all non-surgery beauty projects, and an increase of 26.1% over the same period. China’s meat toxin market is large and is characterized by rapid growth.
Data from Tessalivin show that from 2017 to 2021, the market size of Chinese meat and toxin products increased from RMB 1.9 billion to RMB 4.6 billion, with a compound annual growth rate of 25.6 per cent. The market size is expected to be > recombinant with a higher level of safety and lower preparation costs than natural meat and poisons.
According to Frost Sullivan, natural botulinum toxins exist: 1 immune source problem: natural meat poisons usually contain auxiliary proteins and other sollium proteins, which are inert in injections and potentially increase immunogens and cause safety problems. 2 Production costs are higher: natural botulinum toxins are born.
The complex process of production and the need to maintain cold chains during storage transport has resulted in higher costs. yy001, as a recombined meat toxin produced through new ways of reprotein production, has the following advantages:
High purity and safety: the ratio of 150 kda neurotoxins in yy001 can be 98%, much more natural. The ratio of 150 kda neurotoxins in botulinum toxin products, whose high purity reduces external protein entry, avoids associated immunogen risks, and improves product safety.
In terms of clinical progress and capacity, yy001 was approved by the China Drug Control Board in March 2022 for clinical research, and has been successfully completed to improve the middle-to-heavy eyelashes.
I/ii. Clinical trials are actively advancing the iii phase and its frozen dry agent production line has been operational since 2023 q1 with an annual capacity of up to 2 million bottles. >The company ' s meat toxlines have been enriched since the recombinant joined, and will continue to collaborate in the exploration of long-lived meat toxology in the future.
The company's recently introduced Korean botox product, atgc-110, is a zero-combined protein-based botulinum fungus, which reduces resistance by removing non-toxic proteins that lead to resistance, and has the advantage of being relatively safe for repeated and large-dose treatments.
(b) In terms of coverage markets, atgc-110 will focus mainly on the global market for medical meat and toxins, with plans to launch registrations simultaneously in several countries and regions across the globe, with yy001 covering mainly mainland China, Hong Kong and Hong Kong.
Sunda S.A. Macao Special Administrative Region; yy001 is expected to be earlier than atgc-110 in cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
In future R & D cooperation in China, the company will work out a long-term strategy with Chongqing Fong Yan.
Profit forecasts: The company's core medical products, Eyeon Yeon-hwan, have been growing brightly since this year, overseas doctors are expected to make a profit this year, the company's overall medical and American business continues to grow in profitability, and Lilalu's heavy-density products continue to be released for 24 years, with the expectation that they will be profitable for the company's revenues and profits.
With a better contribution, recent improvements in the layout of the meat-to-drug line have helped companies to build a “one-stop” face-making program, and the integrated competitiveness of their medical and aesthetic operations is expected to continue to be strengthened. We expect a 2023- risk factor: clinical progress is not as high as expected, market diffusion is not as good as expected, and medical products are competing.
Sales team, General Manager of the Center for Modern Services Studies, 2021. In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities and Research Development Deputy General Manager. In 2021, he was awarded 2nd in a new wealth zero suit, 1st in a crystal ball uniform/retail 1st in a new social service group in a new business securities group after graduate school in July, and in November 2022 he joined the new Sinda consumer group.
They cover the cosmetics, medical beauty, social services, tax-free, visual, invisible, pet, retail, etc. Li Bong Jing, Master of Science at the Champagne branch of the University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics at the University of Finance and Economics Southwest, November 2022.
Lin Ling, Master of Finance, Xiamen University School of Economics, joined the Sindal new consumer group in January 2023. The main component covers cosmetic components that have not been, have not been, will not be relevant and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.