2024q1 performance is bright, and the high-speed light module is shaped to grow in the long term - the Hepc (300502.sz) company event evaluation report is hepc@cfsc.com.cn
Overseas cloud plants have increased their capital spending, with an increase in the Māori ratio of 2024q1 benefiting from the production of aai tools and services, a significant increase in the performance of cloud computing tap Microsoft, Google and Amazon 2024q1, and a revenue from Meta's ai advertising business.
This is also a significant increase. With the gradual release of high-end gpu production in the British State, downstream cloud plants continue to add code cloud computing and ai infrastructure, including the construction of new data centres, the procurement of gpu and ai-specific chips, and so on, capital spending has expanded further.
Large. According to corporate announcements, 2023q4 overseas cloud giants (Microsoft, Amazon, and billions of dollars). According to factset, total capital expenditure is expected to increase by 27.2% to $193.83 billion in 2024.
In 2023, the company’s overseas data centre market demand was stable, and the new product moved well, but partly because of the price of the product.
The decline in the Māori rate, adjusted to market conditions, and the weakening of the demand for structural adjustment in the telecommunications market led to a sustained increase in the Māori rate of companies to 42.00 per cent in 2023, compared to the same year.
Ai numeracy, network bandwidth demand is released to drive up the market space for high-speed light modules, which will continue to grow at a high rate as the company ' s 400g/800g high-speed light-to-light modules are phased in.
In 2023, the company invested $134 million in research and development, accounting for 2023.
The technological level and innovative capabilities of high-level research and development staff are constantly being raised, including through the exchange of technology and cooperation with enterprises, universities and scientific institutes up and down the industrial chain, and through the establishment of multi-level incentive pay systems.
There has been significant progress in the development of new and related products, such as modules, silicon light modules, trunking light modules, 800 glpo light modules, etc. The sale of high-speed light modules has continued to increase. The company has successfully launched its latest single-wave 200g-based research and development project.
800g/1.6t light module product for light devices, with high-speed light module product combinations covering technical solutions such as vcsel/eml, silicon light, photofilm lithium phosphate: roll-out of 400g and 800gzr/zr+ trunklight module products and lpo-based programmes
The 400g/800g light module. The 400g sales increase steadily, and the 800g high-speed product release is expected to further boost corporate revenue and profits.
In 2023, companies received 83.75% of their customers abroad, an increase of 3.35%. High stability and low-cost sensitivity of customers abroad have enabled companies to maintain higher levels of profitability.
At the same time, new households are being developed, product structures, customer structures are being further optimized, and market ownership continues to rise. In addition, companies are actively promoting productive capacity-building to break through production bottlenecks.
Formerly, the Thai plant was officially operational in phase one, and the construction of phase two accelerated, with production expected to be completed in 2024. We believe that as Thai plant output climbs up and improves, the company’s order delivery capacity and supply chain stability will increase.
Further enhancements will also further improve the global organization of the company, consolidate its leadership, optimize its client and product structure, act as a front-runner for high-speed light-to-light modules, and it is expected that corporate profitability will be further enhanced and “buy-in” investments will be made.
In North America, capital expenditure is not as high as expected, the use of the ai is not growing as expected, the demand for the 800g and 1.6t light modules is not as high as expected, the upstream photochip is missing or the prices are rising
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Gangdan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.