On April 22, the company released its 2023 and 2024 q1 reports. In 2023, the company achieved 23 years of pressure from the telecommunications market and significantly increased the profitability of 23q4 to 24q1
At the end of the income end, 23 years ago, the foreign data centre’s market demand stabilized and the new product moved well, but demand on the telecommunications side weakened, resulting in lower corporate operating income and net profits for the 23rd year compared to the previous year. The high-speed product release, with a return to positive growth in the same income ratio of 23q4 and 24q1 companies.
At the same time, the company ' s capacity to produce and deliver its products has been further enhanced as a result of corporate fund-raising to invest in the implementation of the high-speed light module production line project and the further expansion of the overall plant size in Thailand, providing a strong guarantee for the continued upswing of new products in the future.
Due to changes in product structure and strong cost-control capabilities (including the automation of production lines, etc.) Repurchase cancellation of some restricted shares, high rates, new structural advances, and repurchase of some restricted shares under the company ' s Restricted Stock Incentives Plan 2022 (draft).
As the firm-level performance appraisal for the first sale-free period and the end-of-the-sale period of the incentive target were not completed, the 11,082,000 shares would be repurchased and written off at a price of $8.21 per unit for Yang, with the total company shares to be written off after the write-off to be completed
Launch of 400g, 800g, 1.6t high-speed light module products and 400g and 800gzr/zr+ associated module products based on vcsel/eml, silicon light and membrane lithium acetate programmes, and Hao Yunchang
100g/lane and 200g/lane 400g/800glpo module products. As industry-leading supplier of light modules, companies have a strong technological reserve, rich customer resources, and a cost-control lead, which will fully benefit from the dividends of the industrial eruption.
This report is presented independently and objectively with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on author's professional integrity and competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.