The increase in Māori performance over the quarter was remarkable, as shown by the income of 1,113 million yuan, an increase of 85.41 per cent over the same period, a 10.12 per cent increase in the ring, a net profit of 325 million yuan, an increase of 200.96 per cent over the same period, and a 25.40 per cent increase in the ring.
Some product price adjustment & fluctuations in demand in the telecommunications market influenced 23 years of performance, with an increase in 24q1 performance evident \triangleright, with a higher than expected increase in the Māori rate: stable overseas market demand in 2023 and strong corporate product growth
However, the adjustment of some product prices to market conditions has led to a decline in the Māori rate, while the telecommunications market has experienced a weakening demand for structural adjustments in the industry, resulting in 23 years of net profits from corporate collections and homecoming, respectively.
In terms of capacity, the company’s Thai plant is officially operational.
The company is strong in the field of luminous modules, with a full layout of the front lines, and is expected to benefit fully from the opportunity: the company has now successfully launched the latest industry-based 200-g light device 800g/1.6t.
Light module products, high-speed light module product combinations covering technical solutions such as vcsel/eml, silicon light, photofilm lithium phosphate, and product matrices involving 400g and 800gzr/zr+ 1. new stock incentive points (300502.sz) applied to data centre interconnection scenes: equity
Incentives to show corporate confidence, 800g/1.6t has a high demand for related light module products. In addition, in the Ipo area, the firm has a deep focus, and the current product includes 400g/800g, which is set as good as 2024/01/05.
In addition, the ecology of the lpo light module in the industry has continued to improve. In March 2024, 12 manufacturers announced the establishment of the lpomsa (linear-plugable optical multi-source protocol) to develop network equipment and optical modules to support one.
3. The semi-annual review in 2023 of the new Elephant (300502.sz) reports a wide-ranging, interconnected ecosystem of the lpo solution. We believe that the industry of the lpo light module will not change its long-term development momentum in the short term, 400g & 800g
Progress is expected to accelerate, and the company is expected to benefit fully. Investment proposal: While the company is strong in the light module area, deep-seated offshore head manufacturers are rated on a three-year, one-year basis: overall performance meets expectations, 800g
Continued focus on the breakthrough of the new passenger body, and the firm ' s frontier areas of silicon light, lpo and so on, are expected to hold high performance expectations, with a significant increase in the Māori ratio of product structure optimization - 2022/10/27
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.