1q24 Performance Overexpected, Light Module Quality Enterprise All New Emancipation (300502) Zhao Liang Bei
Events: Corporate annual reports 2023 and first quarterly reports 2024, company revenues in 2023, 1,113 million yuan, an increase of 85.41 per cent, mother ' s net profit of 325 million yuan, an increase of 800g in Māori products, company ' s operating income in the fourth quarter of 2023, net return profits,
The sales profit rate has shown a high upward trend, and it continues to 1024. We think that this trend is expected to continue with the 800-g Māori product import process, as the demand for artificial intelligence is raised to 2023q4 and the company's performance begins.
Accelerating, as a leading industry, the firm’s performance is expected to remain relatively high in a fast-growing process, continuing the positive growth that began in the fourth quarter of 2023. With artificial intelligence-led industries fast-growing, the firm’s strong R & D capacity is expected to increase:
The release of the gpt class, represented by chhatgpt, rhetoric, generality, etc., and the training and reasoning application of the ai large model require large parallel data calculations, and the network belt of the ai data centre is relatively deep at 300.
By 2027, 20% of the Ethernet data will be used to connect to the accelerated servers that support artificial intelligence tasks.
The emergence of the generation of artificial intelligence applications will contribute to the growth of the data centre switch market, which is expected to accumulate more than $100 billion over the next five years. In our 14th Five-Year Plan and Vision 2035 framework, and the 2021 State Department Government, we are expected to increase the market.
As a global standard of communication technology, 5g has become an important driving force in the upgrading of the national economy, in the power of the network, in the creation of the power of the network, in the creation of the power.
Plans such as the Information Development Strategy have made a clear deployment of 5g, which has become a strategic high point for the country, and it is expected that the demand side will be driven by a number of telecommunication sides, represented by the ai, and by a 400-g backbone network, with companies expected to achieve high performance.
Investment Recommendations: We believe that as the development of the ai boosts demand, the company leads the industry and is expected to continue to benefit from the high growth of the industry. We predict the company's new euphoria in the telecommunications sector (300502);
Together with core competitiveness, global city dominance is expected to increase further, leading and core technological competitiveness, maintaining a “recommended” rating of firms. Progress has fallen short of expectations, increased competition in the industry, etc.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.