q1 performance is re-innovated and high-speed ai products are expected to accelerate their release Market data: 7 May 2024, benefiting from high-priority North American clients, with 23q4 performance loops growing rapidly.
q4 growth is evident, mainly due to the demand rhythm of the large downstream clients. According to our statistics on capital spending by Amazon, Google, Meta, Microsoft, 24q4, which is $41.8 billion, an increase of 8.9%, 16.6%, and the same ring, which is the release of British Weidagpu.
The company’s 23q4 income and the Māori ratio have increased significantly, benefiting from the increased volume of major major clients’ light module purchases and the higher share of high-speed products. Throughout the year, while the Māori rate was 5.7% lower than in 2022, the net interest rate on after-sales fell to 1.8%, the main one.
The 24q1 ring ratio continues to grow, with a record rate of non-mortality net profit and Māori. 24q1, the major North American clients have maintained strong investment, with company revenues, net non-māori profits, and Māori rates at record high levels.
On the one hand, it comes from the company’s continuous capacity to optimize its costs and controls. q1, the company’s inventory at the end of the year, is $1.51 billion, and we think that the company’s revenues are expected to keep up with the growth of the ring, with higher capital spending on large downstream clients, and higher-speed products such as 800g, and three through new products (e.g. 800glpo)
With a self-research chip and an accompanying network at the North American Clouds Plant, the ai-light module will become more diverse in the future.
The company faces better market opportunities. In the one cluster network, Yvette is still in a position of absolute leadership, but with the higher proportion of self-researched chips from the cloud plant, it is expected to generate a new demand for high-end light modules and new client numbers. At present, Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Meta have announced their use.
The trainium2, tpuv5p, maia100 and mtia, 800g sr8&dr4&dr8&2*fr4 are expected to be the accompanying primary light module. Lightcounting believes that 2024 and 2025 global cluster I light modules will require nearly 10 million and 19 million, respectively, of which the great ones are the great ones.
By 2029, Yvette's share will have fallen to 24%, largely replaced by cloud-based plants. The cloud-plantai network is built on a roce technology route, with high payability and cost controls on light modules.
Good partnerships have been established, and have been fully tested for the ability to deliver orders from large clients during the “on-line economy” outbreak, and it is expected to continue to benefit from stable partnerships in the 'i' era. The company has completed construction of new plants in Chengdu, and the Thai plant is in the process of being built in phase II to prepare for rapid capacity growth.
It is a model of merit-making in the light module, where the profitability industry is at the forefront. The new maori rate is at the top of the \triangleright module industry, and we believe that the following factors are the main factors that together influence the strategy.
High-speed products of major offshore customers; 2) there is a certain advantage in the production of labour costs, mainly in the south-west, over the eastern region; 3) long-term strategic cooperation with core suppliers such as dsp, vcsel, with procurement costs or advantages; 4) excellent supply chain and inventory management; 5) affinity of management.
Reliance on lean manufacturing and significant results in sales and management costs control.1 North American priority customer light modules demand is not as high as expected. The company’s top five clients accounted for 60.7 per cent of the total by 2023, mainly high-end high-end modules for large North American clients, and revenue will be significant if demand falls.
The company is currently in a small volume of shipments for a number of new customers, and there will be uncertainty if the expansion does not match the expected medium- and long-term growth capacity. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.