The company Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) has a long-term space to grow. We believe that as the company deepens its operations in Jiangsu, it continues to do large retail operations.
Strong support for national priorities at the public level will keep the size of the loans growing. Moreover, Cao Xuante, a firm that is not good, has found that the standards are very strict and that the quality of its assets has improved significantly.
3.16% of total equity, highlighting the recognition of confidence in the company’s future development prospects and the value of growth. Moreover, Wang Jing Jie is planning to increase the share of circulation by up to 160 million shares in the second-tier market in the near future, leading up to that of his partner.
In total, more than 5 per cent of the company ' s shares were held, with the same frequency as the regional economy: the company ' s services network has three main economic circles: the long-radio triangle, the bead triangle, and the Ring Sea. The main business was concentrated in Jiangsu Province, where it built the moat with its indigenous advantages and was accompanied by the same frequency as the regional economy.
In Jiangsu province, companies actively spread the dividends of the region’s high-speed development in the Central Su + Subei region. Large retail operations: the company’s strategic objective of “doing large retail business and deepening customer operations” is to make a significant effort to eliminate the gold subsidiary, which can expand its operations throughout the country, breaking regional operating restrictions, and is expected to result in future withdrawals.
Public loans are in line with the country’s priorities:
Corporate loans/loans total 36.3%, ranking first among the seven listed comptoirs with published data. Corporate micro-enterprises account for about 10% of the market share in the province, ranking first in the province.
Sustainable innovation services, with green credit balances remaining first in the province, with green credit accounting for 15 per cent of public loans by the end of the 20th century. Companies based on Jiangsu manufacturing resource endowments, enhanced high-end manufacturing cluster services, advanced manufacturing lending
This represents an increase from 31.1 per cent in 16 years to over 40 per cent in 20 years, and the quality of assets has improved significantly since 16 years: 16 years later, companies have taken the initiative to restructure their lending structure, increase their share of retail loans, weaken their periodicity and compete against the public.
In terms of loans, the growth in manufacturing and wholesale and retail lending has been reduced, while the share of high-end manufacturing and green credit has been increased and the quality of loans has been significantly optimized. Companies have implemented strict recognition criteria.
The ratio of non-performing loans is 68.1 per cent and 91.3 per cent, respectively, and is in third place in the upper-market comptoirs, with poor standards exceeding most of the city’s comptoirs.
Aum is rapidly growing in size, wealth and private sector clients are growing at an accelerated pace, and finance management is ranked first in the comptoirs of the Consolidated Asset Management Competency Assessment of the Price Standard for 20 consecutive months.
Ten municipal commercial banks, including comptoirs, Xuzhou comptoirs, Quanjiang comptoirs, Yangzhou comptoirs, Salt City comptoirs, and Lihangang Harbour comptoirs, have been incorporated into a consolidated company. In August 2016, Jiangsu bank raised more than $7.29 million to be listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
With the core value of “integration innovation, practicality, productive growth” as the leading bank for services, “intelligentity, identity, internationalization, and integration.” The 17 branches and SWIFT, SWIFT, SWEAK, SWEAKIF, SWEV, SWEV Village Bank, four subsidiaries of SWEV Village Bank, and the Director of Services Network Radiation
Table 1: Jiangsu Bank development process: Jiangsu Bank has a more decentralized equity structure and most shareholders have a national capital background. Jiangsu Bank has a more decentralized equity structure.