China 60180.sh – China’s trade capital – China’s trade capital – China’s foreign distribution – extensive industry-wide gold mining, with a “buy-in” rating
China’s cross-border construction is a leading country in terms of transport infrastructure, capital design, and dredging. It is an industry leader, building a number of important projects, both within and outside the country.
• Businesses are growing steadily, and overseas operations are moving rapidly towards high-quality construction. In 2023, the company signed a new capital construction contract of $559.7 billion, and the capital investment project is progressing steadily.
The amount of contracts recognized by companies for investment projects such as infrastructure in 2023 was $20,862 million, and the total investment in integrated urban development projects in investment projects that are in operation amounts to $87 billion, confirming that the contract amounts to 60 per cent.
The overall rate level is on the decline, further releasing the corporate profit margin. In 2023, the corporate asset and liability ratio1 and the transport infrastructure pioneers expanded steadily around large cities and major traffic, and China Transport Construction Group Limited (hereinafter “China Handover”) was China’s leading deal.
China’s capital enterprises, which are organized around “Great Transport” and “Great Cities”, have a core business area of construction, infrastructure planning, and dredging, providing clients with integrated solutions covering the various phases of the capital project. The company is listed in Hong Kong, China, and Shanghai, with the highest number 63 in 2023 in the wealth world.
1.1 The development of related business has a long history, with the incumbent being a company of the State Treasury Committee of the State Council that has been developing related business for more than a hundred years, with products and services in more than 150 countries around the world, with the Central Bank group having more than 60 wholly-owned and controlled subsidiaries and 100-year-old stores as pioneers in many Chinese industries.
In December 2005, the China Harbour Group and the Road Bridge Group, organized by the State Treasury Committee of the Department of State, formed a new merger of 289 offshore agencies in 126 countries and territories around the world, operating in 157 countries and geographical areas.
In October 2006, China was established as the main business operator and manager of the China-China Consortium, following a restructuring of the China-China Group. In December 2006, the Company made a listing transaction at Hong Kong, China, and in March 2012 traded securities in Shanghai in the form of a public fund-raising and stock exchange to absorb a consolidated subsidiary, the Roadbridge Group.
As of April 29, 2024, the Group held approximately 9.67 billion shares in the company, comprising 9.37 billion shares (a) and 300 million shares (h), representing approximately 59.42% of the total number of shares issued by the company. In 2023, the Group ranked 63rd highest in the world of 500 and won 17 years in succession.
For 18 years in a row, the company was the top international contractor in the world. As a major controlling subsidiary of the China-China group, the company had 1.2, management engineering experience and full equity incentives.
The company ' s management has considerable engineering management experience, high-level qualifications in various fields such as port sea lanes, civil construction, energy power, etc. Four directors are experts on special grants from the Government of the State Council and are in the lead in making decisions about the company ' s business.
The company introduced a restricted stock incentive scheme in 2022, which introduced a management test for company directors, senior managers, middle managers, and core cadres.
The total cash dividend to be distributed represents about 20 per cent of the net profit of the parent. 1.3.Current growth around large cities, major traffic, collections and new contracts.
The dredging operations, which cover mainly domestic and global ports, waterways, roads and bridges, railways, urban orbital transport, municipal infrastructure, landfills, watershed governance, hydropower, construction and environmental management, provide clients with integrated solutions covering all phases of the construction project.
10-30% of advance payments are collected and then settled on a monthly or regular basis. In 2023, the company realized revenue, based on the composition of the plots, over 80% of capital construction since 2017, being the company’s core industry, 84.7% of capital construction, 6.0% of capital billing, dredging operations, other business income in 2023, respectively.
According to the newly signed contracts for each operational block, the value of the new capital construction contract was 85 per cent higher than since 2017, the value of the new construction contract was 88.9 per cent for the capital construction, capital plan, dredging operations and other operations in 2023, and the projected value of the construction and installation contract for the design and construction chain was $15.140 billion.
In the composition of the contract, by the end of 2023, the capital construction, the capital construction plan, the dredging operations, and other new contracts for operations were 86.6 per cent, 4.5 per cent, 8.1 per cent, 0.9 per cent, expected future corporate revenue from capital construction, 2, the core capital-building industry, and overseas operations were moving rapidly
The scope of the company ' s capital construction operations includes, inter alia, investment, design, construction, operation and management of domestic and global ports, roads and bridges, railways, hydropower, urban orbital transport, municipal infrastructure, buildings and environmental projects, which can be divided into port construction, roads and bridges, railway construction, urban construction, overseas.
Figure 17: Māori increase in capital construction by 0.97 percentage points in 2023, resulting in an increase in the level of project management due to an increase in the value of outstanding contracts of $298.92 billion, a decrease of 1.4 per cent compared with the previous year.
As a result of this trend, the total number of new contracts for port construction has increased over the past two years. 2.1. Port construction: the largest domestic port construction enterprise, with a clear competitive advantage.
For example, the Ministry of Transport and Transport plans to add about 2,500 kilometres of high-level national shipping lanes by 2025, with an overall need for adequate construction. The company is China’s largest port-building enterprise, with over 70% of water operating national standards, and seven of the world’s 10 largest ports, the vast majority of which have been along the coast since the founding of the country.
Port ports, such as Ningpork Hill Port, the world ' s largest container port, the world ' s highest-grade artificial deep-water port, Tianjin Harbour, etc. Figure 21: The company has built the vast majority of large and medium-sized coastal ports since its inception
According to Ministry of Transport data, in January-November 2023, investment in fixed assets for coastal and inland river construction was completed $182.9 billion, an increase of 23.7 per cent over the same period.
Port construction contracts were awarded at $84,552 million, representing an increase of 10.2 per cent, or 5.4 per cent of the capital construction business, of which $580 million was awarded for investment projects such as infrastructure.
Companies are leading global road and bridge-building operators, with clear technical and scale advantages in highways, high-level roads, and cross-river and cross-sea bridges. With respect to roads, companies have achieved a life cycle of infrastructure from a single industry chain to an industry-wide chain, a whole process-integrated advisory service industry.
In the area of bridges, companies designed or built four of the world’s ten ramps, five of the world’s ten suspension bridges, eight of the world’s ten high mountain canyon bridges, and seven of the world’s ten trans-sea bridges.
Figure 24: The company was involved in the design and construction of a number of core domestic and foreign road works. According to Ministry of Transport data, investment in fixed road construction and transport assets was $264.87 billion in November 2023, an increase of 1.2 per cent over the same period.
Bridges, grown-up in diameter shields, core technology, successfully winning the National Road of King 209, Yellow River Bridge, Kinsha River Bridge, and Quint State 100-Saki Pass. The company signed new road and bridge construction contracts for $349.01 billion a year, a decline of 2.5 per cent, or 22.4 per cent, of the capital construction business, of which $3.88 billion was awarded for investment projects such as infrastructure.
Figure 26: Corporate investment in fixed-assets for road construction and transport in 2023. 2.3. Railway construction. Internationally far-reaching.
The market share of the industry is still quite different. In offshore markets, companies have successfully entered railway construction in Africa and South-East Asia, building and operating landmark projects such as Kenya’s Monne Railway, and promoting China’s railways to build standards around the world.
Figure 28: The vast majority of large and medium-sized coastal ports since the establishment of the State, according to data from the National Railways Authority, in 2023, domestic fixed capital investment in railways amounted to 764.5 billion yuan, a 7.5 per cent increase. In 2023, the company promoted the inter-city railway and accelerated the development of municipal railways, making it easier for the country ' s longest railway tunnels.
The company signed a new railway construction contract of $36.920 billion throughout the year, a decline of 17.7 per cent compared to the previous year, accounting for 2.4 per cent of capital construction operations, and a share of 3.77 per cent of the company’s market, in terms of the volume of subcontracts, in the third place in the industry and in the first place out of the road.
Urban development: extensive participation in housing construction and the deployment of new and emerging industries Corporate urban building blocks provide a package of solutions for integrated urban and rural development, from planning, investment, design, construction to development, recruitment, including land development, transport and municipal infrastructure development, real estate, and development.
Business facility development, etc., while companies accelerate the deployment of new industries such as eco-environmental protection, urban water governance, etc., in an effort to foster new growth points.
In 2023, in the face of a new urbanization strategy, the company contracted two major urban renewal projects in Haiguchi and Shanghai, expanding its cultivation in the area of home-building, expanding its technical niches such as complex transportation in dynamic cities, intelligent parking, participating in watershed management, sewage treatment projects, and multiple offshore wind and power installation and transmission projects.
The number of newly signed municipal construction contracts in the country increased by RMB 79,291 million, or 16.8 per cent, or 50.9 per cent of the capital construction operations, of which $15,598 million was awarded for investment projects such as infrastructure.
According to the Ministry of Commerce, our foreign investment cooperation grew steadily in 2023, and our enterprises established a total of $22.716 billion in contracts for State contracting in “one-way”, an increase of 5.7 per cent.
In 2023, new contracts were awarded for offshore work in the company’s capital construction business, amounting to 295.3 billion yuan, an increase of 41.5 per cent, or 18.9 per cent of the capital construction business, from contracts confirmed by investment projects such as infrastructure.
The amount is 13,562 million yuan. Of these, urban construction, roads and bridges, urban rail crossings, ports, railways and others account for 33 per cent, 25 per cent, 11 per cent, 8 per cent, 12 per cent, respectively, of new contracts for offshore works.
3.1. Base-building scheme: sound operation, Chinese design listed companies have a clear advantage in areas related to the design of ports, roads, bridges and tunnels, with company-based construction revenue of $47.26 billion in 2023, a decrease of 2.0 per cent in the same year; the Māori rate is 18.6 per cent, an increase of 2.6 per cent in the same year.
After the assets are handed over, the China-China design plate is initially integrated, and in December 2023, the Chinese design (60720.sh) is fully developed.
In the case of railway-based construction operations, the company’s main business is overseas rail projects and internal rail transport projects.
The company is the largest dredging enterprise in China and indeed in the world, with the largest and most advanced dredging project in China.
Figure 40: As the world’s largest dredging enterprise, the company has built a number of large-scale dredging projects, both domestic and foreign, along with the country’s “four or four-way” general layout, the coastal port’s intellectual upgrading and the high level of the inland river.
In 2023, the company began to invest in the construction and acquisition of major dredging vessels, and landed in the Toyako ecological rehabilitation pilot project, the Pilgrim Roadway project, the Fukukaro Cattle Bay port and the processing logistics area, winning a number of major projects, such as a water reservoir in Chongqing, and in the lake bank.
This represents an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate of 13.1 per cent, which has remained relatively stable since 2021. During the year, companies signed new contracts for dredging operations amounting to $11,919 million, an increase of 11.8 per cent over the same year, and, by the end of 2023, implementation of outstanding contracts amounted to $27,86.6 billion, an increase of 36.0 per cent over the same period.
The company’s operations, in addition to the construction of infrastructure, the construction plan, the dredging operations, include the manufacture of equipment for the entire industry chain shield, the central procurement of materials, the support of the financial industry, etc. In 2023, the company’s shield kit was implemented, capital investment projects were steadily advanced, and the layout of the “big city” was continuously optimized.
A firm maintains a value-investment concept in capital investment and optimizes investment in “regional structure, business structure, weekly structure, profit structure, cash flow structure” and investment patterns in “big cities” are becoming more mature and inefficient.
By the end of 2023, the majority of the projects in progress under the concession category were highways 4.2, optimization of the layout of the “big city” and deep participation in urban renewal operations.
The company adheres to the concept of “building cities, operating cities, developing cities” and makes every effort to optimize the operation of “big cities” by improving the state of urban planning and governance, accelerating the transformation of mega-cities, implementing city renewal actions, strengthening urban infrastructure and building city-friendly, resilient and intelligent cities.
“City” operations achieved new contracts amounting to $744.9 billion, an increase of 18.7 per cent over the same period, and the company seized three major construction windows, deeply involved in urban renewal operations, and reached new contracts amounting to $124.67 billion in 2023.
The company has been in the field of urban renewal for many years, with a variety of integrated development models, and has a strong overall development advantage in its participation in complex urban renewal projects. As of September 2023, the company had implemented more than 10 urban renewal projects, with nearly 100 billion investments, covering four first-line cities and core second-line cities, covering urban villages, old districts, old plants.
The company’s new infrastructure projects of 2023 include Shanghai’s Ping Pu Village, Guangzhou Yellow Poon, etc.
Two urban upgrading projects in Chujiang village, five urban renewal projects in Zhengzhou, Haiguchi, Guangzhou and Tianjin, for a total investment of $87 billion, with an estimated construction contract of $37.3 billion.
The Shanghai Qing Pu Feng Qi Village Rehabilitation Project, which covers an area of approximately 1,273 acres, was the largest-ever Shanghai Central Village Rehabilitation Project in 2022. The project was co-sponsored by the Qingpo District Government and China's founding subsidiary, China, with a total investment of approximately $33.54 billion. The company is primarily responsible for the overall development of the project, the introduction of a quality resource package, and the matching of resources.
Infrastructure upgrades, land creation, etc. Figure 48: Shanghai Ping Po Fong Village Project is Shanghai's largest project in 2022.
(a) New research and development offices at the tod site, the talent rental of residential properties to meet the needs of the diverse population; construction of a system of slow return of air links by seamless connections to public facilities such as the Tod site, pocket parks, neighbourhood centres and kindergartens;
As of December 2023, the project was well under way, with 95% of residential contracts, 71% of non-resident enterprises, and a cumulative rate of 87%; 22 billion yuan in total fund-raising and 12 years of cooperation to cover the entire project development cycle.
The project focuses on the re-engineering of the Tod life scene, covering the full-scale municipal resources of tod, commerce, industry, ecology, and education.
Cultural and sports facilities. In March 2024, the project for the intelligent transformation of the area was approved and approved. In October 2023, the project for the development of complex homes at the regional level opened with a total of 38 units and 2,245 families, including secure housing units.
192 units. The project cost 46,000 yuan per flat for 175 units on the first day of the opening day, amounting to about 700 million dollars, the number of open subscriptions and subscriptions for the first three years of the Chinese New Town.
In May 2023, the project for the renewal of the city of the Tiangu Village in the Melan region of China, which is the city of China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Of these, approximately 605 million were made up of commercial premises, 260,000 were settled, some 55,000 were public and some 80,000 were commercial plots, of which about 138 acres were occupied during the first period, with a total construction area of approximately 296.5 million square metres.
By the beginning of April 2024, the project was on track as a whole, with the construction of housing units officially entering the construction stages of the main structure, and it is expected that five high-level housing units will be fully capped during the end of the year.5
The net return profit of the company has been growing since 2021, and in 2023 the company achieved a return net profit of 23.810 billion yuan, an increase of 23.6 per cent over the previous year. The rate of increase was the first of the eight major construction companies, with the net return of the company growing faster than the recovery.
Speed, mainly due to: (1) an increase of 0.9 percentage points to 12.6 per cent in the Māori rate for corporate sales on a year-on-year basis; (2) an increase in the number of high-profit subsidiaries receiving tax deductions and benefiting from high-technology tax incentives, resulting in a decrease in the effective tax rate earned; and (3) a reduction in the loss of receivables and long-term receivables, resulting in a loss of credit impairment on a year-on-year basis
Figure 52: The company ranked eighth in terms of net profit growth in 2023. The company sold 12.6 per cent of its Māori in 2023 and ranked first among the eight construction companies, where capital construction and tariff rates were significantly reduced, further releasing the company ' s profit margin.
Figure 56: Increase in the Māori rate of capital construction and construction in 2023 The expansion of business and capital operations has been driven by the increased demand for external financing by companies that issued bonds on the open market in 2023 amounting to $33.1 billion, including three G$3 billion in corporate debt.
We split the company's operations into capital construction, capital planning, dredging and other operations for a profit of $29,87.9 billion. We added revenue recognition to the new contracts for the last three years of construction. The company has a clear advantage in areas related to the design of ports, roads, bridges and tunnels.
The company’s 2021-2023 design block newly signed contracts increased at an average rate of 4.2 per cent, compared to the 4.2 per cent increase in the same period, and we have aligned the revenue recognized by the base builder with the new contracts awarded in the last two years, the largest dredging enterprise in China and the world, with a high rate of increase in the new contracts, 2021-2023.
Unfinished contracts amounting to $27.86 billion, an increase of 36.0 per cent. We have combined the revenue recognized by the base build account for the year with the amount of the new contract signed over the past two years, with the expected growth of operations in 2024-2026 expected under the higher contract. Other business of the company includes the manufacture of equipment for the entire industry chain shield, the central purchase of goods, and the support of the financial industry.
In 2023, the company shield kit was developed in the whole industry, with a 43.5 per cent increase in the same amount of new contracts and 29.9 billion yuan in outstanding contracts as of the end of 2023. We expect other company revenues and Māori cross-border construction to be the country’s leading transportation infrastructure, in the areas of capital construction, capital design and dredging.
The industry leads by creating a number of national and international priority projects. We compare constructions held by the State Finance Committee of the State Council, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
A steady increase in profits, an annual increase in the value of new contracts, adequate implementation of outstanding contracts, improved operating efficiency, open access to finance, adequate equity incentives, sustained release of company performance in the future, first coverage, “buying (1) macroeconomic fluctuations: corporate capital development is subject to the scale of social fixed asset investment and urbanization”
(b) The impact of macroeconomic factors such as the process. (2) Risk of internationalization: a company operating in a number of countries and regions abroad, with possible fluctuations and fluctuations in the future international trade order and the economic situation, triggering performance risks for its compliance, investment and project contracting abroad.
(3) Newly signed contracts fall short of expectations: lower demand in the capital sector results in less than expected new contracts for companies, and less than expected.