Mid-2023: Cement profit exploration steady, industry 22 08/2023 Keyword: #performance meets expectations
▪ A steady drop in cement prices in the first half of the year, with significant performance in non-cement and overseas related businesses: (1) 23h1 companies selling 130 million tons of cement and clinker from products, +1.8 per cent of the year, and an average one-ton price of 305 dollars, a 43-dollar decline in the same year; and national cement production for the first half of the year, +1.3 per cent of the year, with company sales largely consistent with industry, continuing to stabilize market shares,
Average prices are influenced by low demand and high-season prices are less than seasonal; (2) cement and clinker are produced from current tons of Māori $81.5, i.e. $35.3, which is less than average, mainly as a result of the cost of the product ton versus the Māori rate of 57.6 per cent/12.6 per cent, respectively; companies actively extend the chain of industry based on good cement mastery.
23h1 additional bone/commercial mix capacity of 21.6 million tonnes/78 million and additional light storage capacity of 38mw; (4) Overseas project companies ' revenues were equal to +14.3 per cent, sales were equal to +4.9 per cent, and the quality of overseas operations steadily increased.
The cost of the corresponding cement and clinker period is $36 per ton, the same as +4. The decrease in R & D rates is mainly due to a reduction in R & D inputs for energy efficiency, and the net return on financial costs is due mainly to the continuing decline in corporate stock funding compared to the interest rate of the market for the reduction; (2) 23h1 Cement and clinker is a combined net gain of $52 per ton.
At the bottom of the industry landscape, it is confirmed that countercyclical adjustment plus self-regulation is expected to drive the profit base back up. Cement prices in the low season are falling back on a continuous basis, close to the cash cost line of high-cost firms, and short-term industry supplies.
In the medium term, as the Bureau of Political Affairs strengthens countercyclical regulation, capital-increment policies are expected to fall, supporting physical demand, adding seasonal warming during the boom season, and generating a return on profits.
Conch Cement (600585); Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings in 2023: Companies show a combination of cost edges at the bottom of the line, and the expansion of the industry chain provides new growth dynamics.
Quarterly review: Income growth highlights the high ground, medium-term demand is expected to rise, and leading business valuations are expected to recover. Based on the slow restoration of real estate investments, we adjust, medium-term climate is expected to pick up.
Three major financial forecasting tables for conch cement. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.