Snail cement (600585.sh) mid-2023 reported: Under-scenes performance pressure, long-flung advantage sustained consolidation, building materials, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement, cement,
The industry has gone down, with some pressure on its performance. 2023h1 has achieved $6,543.6 million in revenue, which is insufficient, increased competition in the industry, and lower prices for cement. Cement market shares have continued to consolidate, and bone business has grown rapidly.
The volume was 130 million tons, + 1.8 per cent, higher than the national rate of increase in cement production, and the market share was further consolidated. It continued to improve, with overseas project companies selling at the same rate +4.9 per cent and income reaching $2.18 billion, +14.3 per cent. The profit level ring was improved and cash flow remained adequate.
During the reporting period, the main industry was engaged in the conversion of conch projects, other construction projects were carried out in an orderly manner, the industrial chain was successfully implemented by eight osteoporosis projects, and eight new ones were in operation, with a total of 21.6 million tons of additional osteoporosis production and commodity condensation.
Girconium (600585.sh) - 2022: q4 marginal income improvement, 7.8 million cubic metres of indigenous capacity and 38mw light storage capacity. 3rd quarter review of conch cement (600585.sh) - 2022: 3-quarter income ring
“Girl cement” (600585.sh)-2022 semi-annual review: multiple factors add up to performance, investment proposal: a strong competitive edge, security margins sufficient to maintain a “buy-in” rating. “Girl cement” (600585.sh)-2022—Quarterly review: demand pushes to performance”
With policy re-emphasizing counter-cyclical regulation since late July, steady growth is expected to increase in the second half of the year, and demand is expected to rise from the historical height of conch cement (600585.sh) - with high profit levels expected to improve. Industry has recently moved into a less-than-season transition phase, with demand for goods gradually improving, and prices have improved.
The company, as a leading industry leader of high quality, continues to consolidate its market share in a context of industry stress, with clear cost advantages, a relatively resilient level of profitability, a well-attended cash base, a low valuation, a good security margin in a high dividend setting, taking into account the impact of demand in the first half of the year.
Figure 2: Single-quarter operating income and growth of conch cement, Figure 4: Single-quarter net profit and increase of conch cement.
130 million tons, + 1.8 per cent more than the national rate of increase in cement production, and the market share has been further consolidated, with the first half measured in terms of expansion of production capacity, 57.6 per cent of plate Maori, +1.8 million pct, +21.8 per cent of total revenue from concrete operations, and 12.6 per cent of plate Maori, +9.7 pct. As the network of overseas marketing markets continues to improve, the sea has become more efficient.
Figure 5: Sales and acceleration of conch cement clinker, Figure 6: Income and Ton Cost of conch cement clinker, Figure 7: Revenue from conch cement operations and speed of increase
Figure 8: Māori ratio of conch cement bone q2 has improved and cash flows have remained sufficient. 19.4% in the first half of the year combined Māori rates were 19.4% in the first half and 22.1% in the second quarter of the same year, and 4.0/+5.6 pct in the second half of the year, respectively.
Figure 9: Māori rates and net interest rates for the first half of conch cement Figure 10: Māori rates and net interest rates for the single quarter of conch cement Figure 12: Net operating cash flow for conch cement
During the reporting period, the main sector invested in the water-city conch replacement project, other construction projects moved forward in an orderly manner, and the industrial chain was successfully implemented with eight more in the production of the osteoporium project, with a total of 21.6 million tons of additional osteoporium production and 7.8 million tons of commercial concrete production.
The investment proposal is to maintain a “buy-in” rating with a clear competitive edge and a sufficient margin of security. With policy re-emphasizing countercyclical regulation since late July, steady growth is expected to increase in the second half of the year, and demand is expected to improve.
The current industry has entered a low-season period in which demand for goods has gradually improved and prices are expected to recover steadily. As a leading industry leader, the company continues to consolidate its market share against a background of industry stress, with clear cost advantages, a relatively resilient level of profitability, and is now well-funded in cash, undervalued and with high dividends.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject