China Stone (600176): Deep dig the moat, China Stone, China Stone is the world leader in the bobble industry.
High-impact products, optimized product structure, productive capacity, billions of yuan, an increase of 244.75 per cent compared to the previous year, and the external layout, which further enhanced the competitiveness of international markets.
Corporate cost advantages continue to rise. The core logic of a company as the global backbone is size advantages and cost advantages associated with the integration of the industrial chain. In the third quarter of 2021, the company's smart 4-line short-cut threads suggest major events for the next 3-6 months:
With 150,000 tons of new production lines coming into operation, plus 60,000 tons of electronic veils and 150,000 tons of sanity 3 tons in March and May, a total of 360,000 tons of new production capacity was added, with a total capacity of 2.36 million tons, up from 2020, and the company ' s single-line capacity, which was the largest in the industry, increased further by 2021.
At the same time, the company continued to refine the industrial chain advantage by building a new packaging and material support base, equipping the manufacturing centre, and further connecting the industrial chain. The company continued to refine the chain through scalding and the industrial chain.
Product structure optimization and cost advantage are historically high levels of profitability. Companies grew 75.69% in the first three quarters of 2021, mainly driven by a boom in volume prices, with a rise in sales of fibre-optic veils and products.
15%, the price of fibre optics and products increased by 36%, and the price of electronic fabrics increased by 127%. New energy delivery led to an increase in sales, higher-end product share and higher industry prices. The company’s new lines of production were electronic veils and short-cut silk, which were mainly high-end products, companies, etc.
The product structure is further optimized. In the context of corporate cost advantages and product structure optimization, in the third quarter of 2021, while facing pressure from rising energy prices such as natural gas, in the third quarter of 2021, the company ' s private-owned company guaranteed the viability and competitiveness of the company, and the new chairman promoted the company ' s outreach.
As a subsidiary of construction materials in China, the share held by state enterprises is less than 50 per cent. It is a differentiated management group. The company's board of directors has strong decision-making powers, not only in business decisions, but also in business decisions, including:
In October 2021, the chairman of the company was replaced by the director of the original company, who had previously been part of the group's internal management reform, which would facilitate the integration of the Chinese building materials group with the platform of the Chinese rock.
Resources and new material operations, which boost the acceleration and growth of China’s mega-stone growth. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect net profits for the company in 2021-2023 to be 57.08, rise, State-owned private-sector flexibility mechanisms, and corporate “strong” growth through group resource outreach.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, China's Great Stone (600176), deep-drawing moats, far-reaching developments, and the source of wealth and prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's Great Stone (600176), deep-drawing moats, far-reaching developments can take place.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.