China's Great Stone q3 performance is impressive, and it looks like the year will be a resounding one.
We expect the industry to continue until the three-quarter review of China's Great Stones in 2021. The three-quarters have remained high, and performance has increased: q3 has achieved a revenue of $5.28 billion, with the same increase.
76.8 per cent, or 15.6 per cent, of the ring; a net return of $1.71 billion, or 230.1 per cent, or 11.3 per cent, to the mother; the company has maintained a high rate of growth for the fourth consecutive quarter; the new production capacity has led to an increase and a better price implementation: q3 companies have achieved 57.5 per cent in the sale of bras and products.
Ten thousand tons, with a 6% rise in ring ratio (in May, three-line three million tons of energy were lit), 120 million metres of electronic cloth, flat in ring, and a small increase in electronic veil product rings. We measured product price rings to be almost flat.
It is clear that automated production, machine-changers, and the construction of digital plants have again reduced the single ton of production, and that the three-quarters Māori and net interest rates of 45.5% and 33.0%, respectively, have continued to be high-profit. We have measured the impact of rising gas prices with limited impact, and the profit margin is expected to rise in the next four quarters of the price increase.
▪ Investing in the construction of the production line for packaged materials, further reducing efficiency gains: it is proposed to invest in the production line for packaged materials for a one-year construction cycle. Once completed, the project will lead to a reduction in the cost of procurement with considerable economic benefits; and self-processing will help to safeguard the quality and timeliness of materials supplied.
The distribution of the entire industrial chain of production assets is accelerating. We expect that after the completion of the two projects, the company’s productivity improvement and management refinements will begin in the fourth quarter of next year.
The company’s performance is higher than expected in the market, taking into account the continued high profile of the bovine, and we are raising our performance expectations.
(b) The issue of the third quarterly report of the company in 2021, which collected $5.28 billion in three quarters, an increase of 76.8 per cent and a net return of $1.71 billion to the mother, an increase of 230.1 per cent;
q3 net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $1,110 billion, an increase of 992.7 per cent at the same low base last year, and the ring comparison was somewhat lower but still better overall.
The industry has continued with a continuing high performance: in the third quarter, companies achieved 575,000 tons of fibre-clothing and product sales, representing a 6 per cent increase in ring sales; electronic distribution was 120 million metres, with ring prices largely flat. The price of the fibre-cloths was briefly reversed in the third quarter, but high-end products remained at high prices, and two rounds of price increases were completed in early September and early October, keeping in mind that the landscape of the fibre-optic industry continues to hold until the second to third quarters of next year.
Automobiles, smart manufacturing, industrial manufacturing are the main causes of the demand climate: in three quarters, industry demand has remained high, fibre fibres such as combs, co-shares, short-cut wires and their products have benefited from the recovery of transport needs, such as automobiles, light-quantified and sustained drive of automobiles, recovery of industrial manufacturing; sustained demand for downstream pcb boards, 5g, smart homes, smart manufacturing, smart car panels, which drive electricity.
We expect 11.7% and 8.5%, respectively, of demand in the fibre-optics industry this year, and we think it's hot under the demand for plastic cut and electronic fabrics, the availability of new energy vehicles, the light quantification of cars, and the acceleration of mobile phones.
The accelerated growth in demand for short cut and electronic fabrics will be approximate; traditional building materials and industrial veils will remain resilient and replacement effects will continue to emerge; and the demand for fibre optics will remain strong and the climate of the fibre optic industry will continue to be expected.
Intelligent manufacturing advantages are further exploited, and energy rising pressures can be controlled: with the production of 150,000 tons of bra and 60,000 tons of yarn and 300 million metres of electronic fabric in the third year and the production line in the second year, the level of intellectual manufacturing of China’s giant stones has increased further, and the construction of automated production, machine change, and digital plants has guaranteed China’s continuous cost advantages.
The impact of the increase in natural gas prices is generally manageable: the recent increase in gas prices, the increase in the range of tradable electricity prices to 20%, and the increase in fibre optics.
The cost of producing a ton of fibres is estimated to require about 140 cubic metres of natural gas, or 920 degrees of electricity. Day gas accounts for 8-10% of the total cost of producing fibres. This year ' s average gas price is 39.3% higher than in 2020 and 12.9% higher than in 2019.
On the other hand, the impact of the simultaneous increase in costs and prices on China’s more productive giants would be less than that on other firms in the same industry, which is expected to further consolidate its position.
Figure 5. Three-quarter Māori rate of 45.5 per cent, net interest rate of 33.0 per cent, IV. Investment in a packaged material production line project, accelerated cost of building the entire industrial chain
One year after the construction of the project, plastic packaging materials can be processed and supplied on their own. On the one hand, the purchase of materials can be reduced, on the other hand, and on the other hand, the stock of supplies can be better optimized, thereby reducing the amount of money spent on the warehouse stocks.
The production costs of direct raw materials have been reduced to the lowest; in August this year, the Great Stone announced a project for the construction of equipment-making centres, with a construction cycle of one year, which is expected to reduce procurement costs, guarantee the quality of the supplies, and promote efficiency gains in production. China’s Great Stone is gradually building a system of self-sufficiency in the entire industrial chain, further enhancing supply stability from the supply chain, and reducing supply-chain costs.
We believe that after the completion of the packaging materials construction project and the construction of the equipment manufacturing centre, the cost advantage is expected to increase further. The profit/loss statement (million yuan)