The Doppelganger was created in 1994 for the development, production and sale of beverages, mainly for the development, production and sale of beverages.
The products include East Poet, East Poon, East Poon, East Poon, East Poon, East Poon, Lemon, Lemon Tea, Chen Pitt, Packed Drinking Water, etc., which contributes the bulk of its income. One of the pioneers of energy drinks, "Long tired and drunk", and "As young as young as you wake up."
The propaganda slogan "Scope" is very popular. The company managed to catch up on the energy beverages track, and the market value of the circulationa share (millions of dollars) sold 31.70% in 2021 and ranked first in the market.
The country’s first energy-drinking company, which is more profitable than its counterparts, has seen its sales earnings grow rapidly in recent years, rising from 2,844 million yuan in 2017 to 2022.
Industry point: The energy beverage races are thick and snowy, with potential for development. 1 Energy beverages are characterized by functional and addictive characteristics, and are the fastest growing subsectors in the soft beverage industry. 2 There is no significant difference between the per capita consumption and per capita consumption in China ' s energy beverage market compared to foreign countries.
As the market rises in education, as well as the diversification of consumption scenes, and as competition in the industry slows down, per capita consumption and consumption will rise.3 The Red Bulls of the Tianxi and Wabing Group in Thailand are not yet fully settled, and the second team is developing in an excellent environment, focusing on energy beverages.
In the world’s top five energy-drinking enterprises, the sales of East pelican beverages are ranked first and faster than those of other competitors. One single item triggers the market, and the strategy of differentiation is very promising.
By implementing a quantitative differentiation strategy, the representative product 500ml gold bottle was successful with large packaging and high value for money, with a combined growth rate of 203.08 per cent in 2017-2021, and with the evolution of the American energy-drinked Beast, the company will continue to grow for the future.
Two diverse layouts of “energy plus” products, coffee products are expected to open a second growth curve. Development of a “brand rejuvenation” strategy: on brand promotion, from “drink-drink-drink-drink-drink-drink-drink-drink” s02705190001
Four major consumer scenes: "Young to wake up"; "Motion, overtime, driving and electric competition" to expand the consumer scene; and "Energic plus" product from a diversified layout, successively "Energian s0270522030002"
The introduction of new products such as Big Curry, "O's" and "O's", caters to the younger population and penetrates the upper-middle-end consumers. The introduction of new products has improved the company’s product matrix, expanding the consumption landscape, reducing the risks of a single company product, and bringing new growth points.
Cafés are addictive and market-facilitating, promising relay energy beverages, opening up a strategy of continuous nationalization, full access, and intellectualization, with a view to investing in the industrial chain around the main industry. Companies have adapted their local policies to create channels, mainly in the marketing model, supported by a direct-field-line model.
The combination of the full-source farming model and the large-scale circulation model continues to enhance the sink capacity of the channel and enhance the penetration of the product; the company ' s nationalized marketing network layout is initially completed, seven major production bases are laying the foundation for nationalization, two new bases are actively advancing, and the entire region of Guangdong is becoming a new company.
Growth points, and attempts to compete for overseas markets; companies actively promote digital intelligence strategies, using technology such as two-dimensional codes, big data, etc., to take advantage of the big data lead on the Internet and improve the management effectiveness of channels, widening the branded moat river; and companies are planning to invest strategically in domestic and foreign industrial chains over the next year.
Total investment of up to $2.1 billion is expected to enhance synergies and cooperation between companies and global industrial chains to safeguard the availability of critical resources.4 The fall in raw material prices raises the Māori rate, the scale effects and product structure upgrades raise profitability
Lei. The share of direct materials in the production costs of the Dong Pengte drinking is as high as 80%, changes in raw material prices have had a significant impact on gross interest rates, and the price of the main raw materials has been declining steadily since the second half of the 22nd century, and the Māori rate is expected to rise. In the long run, the benefits of the scale effect are visible, with 500 ml of the core product.
The increase in the Māori rate of the gold bottle has led to an increase in the Māori rate for the company as a whole, while the company has introduced new products to the top consumers, the product structure is rising, and the Māori rate is expected to rise.Category companies compare, taking into account the growth of the course in which the company operates and the competitive advantages of the company.
Risk factors: the risk of rising prices of raw materials, the risk of recurring epidemics, the lack of new product diffusion, and the fact that 1 energy drink track became the country's first energy drink listing company.
As one of the pioneers of energy beverages, the company works to promote the development of energy beverages, with the slogan “Young must wake up and spell.” According to the company’s annual report, in 2021, Dong Pengte was the first to sell 31.7% of the country’s energy beverages market;
Each year, the market was awarded the Healthy Foods Health Certificate by the Ministry of Health in 1998, at which point East Pengte was not the main product of the public administration. The company’s incumbent director was threatened with bankruptcy as a result of rough management.
Longwood and others were given a 100 per cent stake at a cost of $2.54 million, and East Peng beverages were converted from State enterprises into private stock. Phase II (2003-2010): changed main business in East Peng camp gradually shifted to vitamin-based beverages in East Peng, reduced production costs from the cost to the cost and introduced cheaper components than major competitors in the market.
At the same time, the woodworks differentiated the packaging of the products, and in 2009 they introduced a bottled platter with dustproof caps that met the needs of the initial target group, construction workers, and quickly gained the preferences of those who consumed it. The conversion was fast-paced, with the company ' s output rising from $15 million in 2003 to $250 million in 2010.
Phase III (2010-present): The company started with a branding campaign in Guangdong Province, inviting Ms. Kang and Ms. Tang to act as corporate spokespersons in "Foreign daughter-in-law Ben" . In 2013, Dong Peng began nationalization and signed a contract for Cheyenne as a brand spokesperson for Dong Peng. In 2015, Dong Peng was given a strategy to “rejuvenate brands,”
On May 27, 2021, Dong Peng's beverages were placed on the market. On June 29, 2022, Dong Peng's beverages announced that the company was planning to issue a global deposit book abroad.
At present, the East Ping Beverage Group has set up such departments as Guangdong, Guangxi, China Central, and Chinadong, and has formed production bases in major parts of the country, such as Guangdong, Anhui, and Guangxi, with a distribution network covering some 2.5 million end-to-end shops throughout the country.
Chart 1: East Ping Bing's development history, East Peng's offer, East Peng Bing's establishment.
At the end of the day, there was a lot of water in the city, and there was a lot of water in the city, and there was a lot of water in the country.
And form Guangdong, Anhui, a branded spokesperson for the South Mountain Science Park.
Guangxi and others are the country's radiation masters, and they're selling their beverages in Shenzhen City.
The name of the company was changed to:
East Peng's beverages have been made by the state to the private sector, and 1.2 East Peng's beverages show up, contributing more than 90% of the revenue.
The products under the company’s flag include two types of East Ponto and other beverages. Other beverages include energy beverages, non-energy beverages, packaging of drinking water. Specifically, energy beverages in other beverages include, inter alia, East Pang, East Pang 0, East Peng Bub; Non-energy beverages include, inter alia, East Peng, lemon.
Annual contribution of $6,592 million, or 94.47% of the company’s total revenue; other beverages earned $372 million in business in 2021, and the energy and beverage products of the Orang beverage were of a full range of products, with a high-priced market. To meet the multiple demands of energy drink consumers for different scenarios and different prices, the company launched 250 ml gold bricks, 250 ml gold bottles, 250 ml
A variety of energy beverage products, such as gold cans, 250 ml gold drills, 335 ml gold cans, 500 ml gold cans, 500 ml bubbles, etc., of which 500 ml large-volume gold bottles were launched in 2017, and the low-priced high-value strategy was quick to gain consumer preference, with sales revenue increasing from $59.54 million in 2017 to $5.024 billion in 2021, compound year.
The growth rate reached 203.08%, which led to steady growth in corporate operating income and net profits. The sales of East Plum beverages increased simultaneously. Of this, energy beverage production rose from 53.37 million tons in 2018 to 108.15 million tons in 2020, with annual compound growth of 42.35%, and sales rose from 54.21 million tons in 2018 to 2020.
The production capacity of beverages has been rising year by year, reaching 83.52% in 2020. The Guangdong region has achieved more than 40% of the harvest, and the process of nationalization is progressing steadily. In 2021, improvements in the construction of the Guangdong/Waodong/China/Cangxi/Southwest/ and channels will further accelerate the company’s nationalization process, with a ratio of revenue to the region outside the Guangdong.
1.3 Profiting is at the forefront of the industry, and the ability to control fees can be optimized. The profitability of beverages is higher than that of publicly listed beverages.
Some of the Māori rates are higher than fragrances. 2022h1 fell to 42.68% of the lowest level in nearly five years, owing to the rise in raw materials. The net return on assets, as a result of the rapid release of capacity after 2019, saw a significant increase in the net return on East Peng beverages over the last three years, compared with 2018.
The net asset return in 2020 was 45.77 per cent, more than twice that of other publicly listed beverages. In 2021, the net asset return on the beverages fell to 38.79 per cent as a result of increased ownership of the open listing, but it was still much higher than in his traditional beverage business, where 2022h1 remained in the lead.
Cost management still has more room to explore and refine the joint scale effect of management to raise the control capacity. As a result of the upgrading of corporate regulations and the gradual increase in investment in managers’ remuneration, road shows, and research and development of new products, the costs of managing and researching companies have risen.
The management rate fell from 4.73 per cent in 2018 to 3.61 per cent in 2021 and from 2022h1 to 0.48 per cent. The management rates for the beverage industry were 1.67 per cent, 6.61 per cent, 1.22 per cent, R & D 0.75 per cent, 0.81 per cent, and 0.90 per cent, respectively.
With continued management of the combined scale effect combined, there is still much room for exploring the administrative costs of the beverages, while the R&D rates are lower in the industry because of the focus of the products on large single items. The sales and financial costs of the beverages have improved considerably, with active flexibility to use the funds to boost the returns.
The year 2021 saw a marked downward trend in the cost of sales, with a drop of over 10 pcts, mainly due to the fact that since 2019, the company's marketing policy focused slightly on high-density, high-priced “high-altitude” advertising (including visual, visual, visual, etc.) switching to low-cost, high-covering “ground” advertising (including bus, stop, t-card and wall advertising) for sale.
Changes in the structure of selling costs drive down the cost rate. Compared to other listed beverages in a stock, the sales rate of East Plum beverages was higher, at 19.61% in 2021, 5.65 pcts higher than the consumption of the meds, 4.32 pcts higher than the sales cost of Sindh Lulu, 2022h1 continued to fall to 16.38%, and the sales rates of Inde Luu and the medds were largely maintained.
The overall financial cost rate has fluctuated from 0.17 per cent in 2018 to -0.16 per cent in 2021, attributed mainly to the increase in sales size combined with good sales returns, ensuring sufficient cash flow for the enterprise and an increase in interest income, but with room for optimization compared to -1.61 per cent and -1.16 per cent of De Lulu, a listed company, in 2021.
The increase in the Division's financial cost rate of 0.48 per cent is due mainly to the fact that, in order to increase the utilization of funds, the company obtained low-cost funds through letters of credit and ticket discounted funds for the purchase of higher-yielding assets such as bank accounts and large bills of deposit.
In addition, Tianjin is managing the investment of 8.6469% of the shares held by the partnership (9% of the previous holdings), and Shenzhen City is holding the partnership for investment development.
6.44% compared to 5.22% of the shares held by the forest and wood-related parties. Of these, the shares held by the Crown Department before the first public release were released and placed on the market as of 27 May 2022. According to the company ' s announcement of 21 September 2022, due to its own financial needs, it is planned to invest in a centralized manner and in large quantities.
In order to boost staff morale and build good relationships between employees, shareholders and companies, in 2019, the Orang Beverage was introduced through the Equity Incentive Programme.
The company's executives, Liu Yifu, Liu Lihua, Lu Yifu, Chiang Weiwei, Dong Peng Long, Dong Peng Yu, and Dong Peng, have a combined share capital of 10 million shares. The company's executives, Liu Lihua, Lu Yi Fu, and Jiang Wei Wei Wei, have a direct share of 91,428 thousand shares.
A total of 7.4 million shares, top- and middle-level technical cadres, business backbones, etc., are engaged in equity incentives through the employee holding platform. Energy beverage races are snowy, potential development space is high, 2.1 domestic energy beverages are growing faster in recent years, and soft beverages are the first to grow faster.
Energy beverages have a better product attribute than traditional beverages. The traditional beverage industry, with low entry barriers and high substitution, has a faster rate of product turnover, which tends to change considerably with the introduction of new flavors and new packagings.1 Energy beverages, first of all, have a certain function because of the addition of components such as sulfonic acid, amino acid, caffeine, etc.
Dependent, consumer groups are more sticky and product cycles are longer; and secondly, products with “blue hat” health-care food signs approved by the National Food and Drug Surveillance Authority can be used to publicize health effects. In recent years, the “blue hat” has become more difficult to approve and the energy and beverages sector has some entry barriers as the country has become increasingly focused on food safety.
The energy beverage market has been the fastest growing market in recent years in the soft beverage industry as a whole. In 2020, as a result of the epidemic, the volume of soft beverage sales in China fell by 0.8% on a year-on-year basis, with the exception of 2020, the volume of soft beverage sales in China has increased at a steady rate of around 4% in recent years.
2.2 The energy beverage market has much room for development, compared to foreign markets, and China’s energy beverage market has enormous development space for per capita consumption and retail unit prices. China’s energy beverage market started late, and only after the Red Bull entered China’s market in 1995, did China’s energy beverage market begin.
Development. Market data for 2017 show that per capita consumption of functional beverages in China was 2.2 litres, while the United States represented the mature market during the same period, with a per capita consumption of functional beverages of 24.6 litres, 11.18 times as high as in China; Japan, with a more similar dietary culture, had 13.9 litres per person, 6.32 times as much as in China; and Chinese fragrance.
Hong Kong has four litres of drinking per capita, 1.82 times as much as China. China’s market access to energy beverages is still relatively low compared to other countries. In the future, China’s per capita consumption will be much higher as the market is better educated and the consumption landscape is more diversified.
The unit price is only slightly higher than Thailand, and is much lower than in Western Europe, the United States, and Japan. As domestic competition patterns become clearer and competition among energy beverage companies eased in the future, it will curb the downward trend in retail unit prices and even begin to mention it. Within the country, energy beverages are relatively low in the soft beverage market, and their share is expected to rise in the future.
In the market, the largest sub-sector in terms of sales is the packaging of drinking water, i.e. tea, fruit juice, carbonate beverages, with 34.55 per cent, 21.12 per cent, 15.60 per cent, and 14.93 per cent respectively. The share of sales of energy beverages in the market is 7.92 per cent, the fifth largest in the soft beverage sector.
As the market for carbonated beverages continues to contract, the energy at its highest rate of growth in recent years has been maintained, and the beverage market is expected to continue to capture the share of other sub-sectors and to continue to increase in sales.
The Red Bull is one of the world's first and well-known energy-drinking products. It was first developed in the 1970’s by Thailand’s Bookmark as a “supplementary drink” containing water, sugar, caffeine and vitaminb.
The Dutch businessman Matschitz introduced Austria. Matschitz added carbonic acid to the food habits of Europe on the basis of the Thai red cow, creating the Austrian red cow brand as the first company in Europe to launch energy beverage products.
Two years after its launch, Red Bull entered Singapore in 1989 and began its process of global expansion. Entered Hungary in 1992, Germany in 1994, China in 1995, the United Kingdom in 1997, and the United States in 1997. To date, Red Bull has been marketed in 172 countries, with global consumption totalling more than 75 billion, the largest in the world.
Figure 22: The Red Cow Development Process 2.3.2 Wbing Group vs. Tianxil Group Trade Marks
In 1995, the founder of the Tianxy Group of Thailand, Hsiao, and the Wabing Group of Thailand, established the China Red Cow Beverage Company, which authorized the China Red Cow Beverage Company to operate the Red Cow brand exclusively in China. The Red Cow, as the first energy drink in the country, opened up the domestic energy drink market, and the Red Cows quickly opened the market in China as the Wabing Group went online.
In 2011, Red Bulls reached more than 4 million channels in China, and sales markets reached 89.57%, once a Chinese alias for energy beverages, and the slogan “drought and drank Red Bulls.” Chart 23: The Time-Axis of the Red Cow Trademark Contest
Twenty years after the two sides cooperated, Thai Tianxi filed a lawsuit against the Wabing Group in 2016. Thai Tianxie accused Red Bull 2 of selling it in China for 10 years without giving Tianxy a single bonus, and argued that the 1995 cursor signed a 20-year trademark authorization with the Wabing Group, with the core evidence that the Chinese Red Bull was registered for only 20 years.
The Wirtschaftsprüfer and Wirtschaftsprüfer Group called the year’s contract a 50-year exclusive trademark authorization, exclusive. From the start of the shareholder-swap dispute to the end of the period for which the trademarks were authorized to use, the dispute between the Tianx and the Wirtschaftsprüfer Group continued.
On 5 January, the Supreme People's Court, in its final decision No. 394, dismissed the appeal of the Red Bull Vitamin Beverage Company under the flag of the Wabing Group, making it clear that the “Red Cow series” was owned by the Tianx Group and that the dispute over the ownership of the trademarks had finally ended.