American group (00033ch) Business performance within and outside the country is strong, and business share at the end is higher than at the end of the line.
The 25-year-old midterm report released by the Opinion Focus investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) generated $251.2 billion in revenues from 25h1, a year-on-year increase.
In a single quarter, income of $12,393 million was achieved, an increase of 10.99 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother, a high performance of 25h1 and a double-digit income from both domestic and overseas operations, and a product that is home-grown on the platforms of the country's Kyoto, Skycats, twitching, and multiplicity of lines.
The marketing sector is the first. The company is well-developed in the domestic market, has a large geographical area, is actively building a “Men Cloud Plus” ecological system, and is firmly engaged in retail transformation. Toshiba + Colmo, a two-end brand, has performed well, with an overall retail increase of more than 60%.
The revenue is $107.2 billion, an increase of 18 per cent. Corporate products are exported to more than 200 countries and regions worldwide, with obm operations abroad growing rapidly and 25h1 and obm operating revenues reaching more than 45 per cent of the income of smart households abroad.
According to the segment, corporate toc smart-house business generated $167.2 billion, a 13 per cent increase in the same year, while both domestic and foreign business maintained a positive growth trend, while accelerating global breakthroughs and enhancing overseas localization; Tob business generated $64.5 billion, a year-on-year increase.
21%. Among them, new energy and industrial technologies, smart construction technology have grown on a larger scale than the firm's current firm dtc changes, with a focus on retailing driving up the growth of c-end operations. b) Business on the ground science and technology lead strategy, focusing on customer value plus efficiency, and maintaining strong growth.
Policy volatility risk, end-of-end business not expanding as expected.