The industry has gone down, highlighting firm growth and dividends, and the US Group (stock code: 000333) period. 3) Recent market adjustments reflect concerns about the future of the domestic electricity industry going down the season, but they're not.
Lew Liss continues to benefit from state-supplemented incentives, refrigerators, refrigerators, etc.
Laundry machines show an upward trend in consumption, and air conditioners are growing rapidly in retail sales. Although the country has tightened in the second half of 2025, the marginal effects of subsidies have weakened, and even in September began to face the same base as last year.
The competition will continue to grow. 2) The domestic air-conditioning market is highly competitive, and the price cuts for the beautiful Chinese brand are one of the important factors. The lowest price for air-conditioning in the 618s, followed by a gradual recovery in prices, is not enough to affect the company’s profitability with the efficiency of the company’s industrial chain integration. 3) April
The US tariffs have had a negative impact on exports since the beginning of the year, and it takes time for companies to adjust their global production capacity. The US tariff policy is highly uncertain, and the US has been charging eight major steel producers from all countries since June 23rd.
50% of tariffs, including refrigerators and freezers, small and large dryers, washing machines, dishwashers, etc., will be set up in the United States in the future. Even taking into account the above considerations, we expect that the restructuring of global production will gradually yield results.
Ignoring industrial business growth: 1) Companies are very competitive in HAC and related areas of diversification and are currently growing at a high rate. 2) Central AC exports continue to grow at a high rate; the heat pump exports were negatively affected by European de-stocking before they were exported, but in 2025 they ended the stock cycle and began to recover at a high rate.
The company’s acquisition of the climate sector of the Swiss Arbonia Group will contribute to the development of the European heat pump market. 3) The company’s successful acquisition of Toshiba’s Chinese elevator business, and the synergy between the elevators and the central air conditioning, are expected to work.
A relative depth of 300 Performance Chart Investment Proposal: Considering the competitiveness of companies in home power and the growth of industrial operations, we expect that companies will be able to keep up with robust growth even if the domestic electricity industry is down in the next few quarters.
At the lower risk-free rate of interest, the company’s high red rate will drive the company’s valuation up and maintain its “recommended” rating., the company’s low valuation and the attractiveness of its red rate of return, as at 30 June 2025, was 13.2 for the United States Groupa stock market gain (ttm) and 12.8 for the United States stock market (projected).
Figure 2: Group historical valuation areas in the United States (market yield forecast) Figure 3: Group a/h share discount rates in the United States The driving force behind the long-term rise of household panels, based on global competitiveness, and the market face, on the one hand, from a high-scoring red rate of return.
China’s risk-free interest rate has fallen, while the head of household power has a good cash flow, a high red rate and a steady rise in the head of company. Capital spending in the domestic electricity sector has been low, and capital expenditure as a percentage of net operating cash flow as a whole has been low, and it will be able to continue to make steady cuts in air conditioners in the future (i) in July-August.
The volume of sales in air conditioners in May was lower than expected, with production downgraded in July-August.1 Industry online data on 1.41 million sales in air conditioners in May 2025, i.e. + 13.4 per cent in the same year, were lower than market expectations (pre-projected sales in May were higher than last year ' s performance of +15.4 per cent).
Figure 7: Retail sales in the air-conditioning market and delivery cycles in Central African countries Figure 8: Sales in domestic air-conditioning (monthly) Figure 10: Increase in sales in major domestic air-conditioning brands (25.1-5)
Figure 12: Retail retail sales monitoring under air-conditioning lines (monthly) Figure 14: Retail share of main retail sales under air-conditioning lines (monthly) Figure 15: Retail sales share of main retail sales under air-conditioning lines (monthly)
(ii) Lower retail prices on the domestic air-conditioning line, increased market competition, lower prices on the air-conditioning line, and increased competition.1 Increased competition in the air-conditioning retail market, which has continued to decline since the beginning of the year, and more stable retail prices on the off-line market.
As 618 approaches, we expect that online competition will continue to increase. 3) Small rice brands have been working to increase profitability since the third quarter of 2024, with a slightly higher retail average price and less significant value for money.
Rice needs to continue to raise its retail share and increase its value for money. 4) The 2019-2021 retail market for air conditioners was highly competitive. The 2022-2024 competition pattern in the air conditioner industry, which focused on increasing profitability, improved the general profitability and market share of air conditioners during this period.
Since the beginning of the year, there has been a steady increase in the share of the market as a result of the use of the brand. The share of the market has been steadily rising since the beginning of the year, with the value of retail sales on the May line amounted to 10.7 per cent, as a second brand and as a function of regulating competition in the market. Figure 19: Average retail prices of retail markets on air-conditioning lines (Internet brands)
(iii) Domestic air-conditioning exports: China's exports have declined and will increase overseas production in the future Industry online data, amounting to 250 million domestic air-conditioning units worldwide in 2024, of which 83 per cent were produced by Chinese enterprises; exports from domestic air-conditioning in June-September 2025 compared to the previous year's performance of 18.3 per cent, 16.3 per cent, 8.3 per cent and 16.6 per cent, respectively.
The share of demand in the domestic air-conditioning market is not high in North America. The General Customs Department figures China ' s exports of air-conditioning (excluding spare parts) were $16.7 billion in 2024, compared to +23.9 per cent in 2024, of which North America accounted for only 14 per cent. In 2024, the export of air-conditioning to various parts of the country grew rapidly because of the heat of the climate. As a result, the rate of air-conditioning penetration in emerging market countries rose faster, with exports to South America increasing by 43.6 per cent in 2024.
Figure 24: Regional structure of global domestic air-conditioning output sales in 2024
In mainland China, the share of businesses is still low, at 13.6%, but household power taps are largely global supply chain capability. With the impact of US tariffs, exports to the United States will be channelled mainly through overseas production bases.
(i) Central AC sales are under pressure, but exports continue to grow; Central ACs are diverse and rich in products, mainly in both domestic (multi-connected, unit, etc.) and commercial ( centrifuges, screws, etc.). According to frost&sullvan, the global Central AC sales in 2023 reached $52.1.7 billion, a steady growth trend.
In the 2000-2010’s, China’s urbanization process witnessed a rapid increase in household air-conditioning penetration, and industrial development led to an increase in the demand for central air-conditioning, which contributed to a long-term and significant increase in global markets. After 2020, US manufacturing returned to stimulate demand for central air-conditioning, as well as increased demand for chillers, driven by large-scale construction of global data centres.
Figure 27: Global central air-conditioning sales (annual) Central air-conditioning sales are negatively affected by the continued weakness of the real estate market and the slowdown in the pace of industrial investment. Industry online data, Central air-conditioning sales in 2024, $121.5 billion, a 3.8% decline compared to the previous year, mainly due to the continuing low real-estate market, slower pace of industrial investment, and central emptiness
In January-May 2025, central air conditioners were sold on a scale of 51.2 billion yuan, an increase of 1.5% over the same period, and market performance was fair. Competition in the central air conditioner market for household air conditioners was also on the rise, as a result of the high value ratio of domestic air conditioners subsidized by the government.
China’s enterprises have become more competitive globally, and exports have grown rapidly over the years. Industry online data show that central air-conditioning exports in 2024 amounted to 23.2 billion yuan, an increase of 39.8 per cent in the same year; and exports in January-May 2025 amounted to 10.9 billion yuan, an increase of 30.9 per cent in the same year.
Figure 31: Size of China's central air conditioner exports and the high-quality development of the thermal pump industry in China (monthly) (ii) Promotion of export of bottom-reflection
On 2 April 2025, the National Development Reform Commission and others jointly issued the Action Programme for Promoting Quality Development in the Heat Pump Industry, which focuses on the application of heat pumps in priority areas such as domestic construction, industry, agriculture, and transport. The priority is to increase energy efficiency in heat pump products by more than 20% by 2030, with breakthroughs in core technologies such as high power heat pumps, efficient compressors, and new refrigerants.
With policy momentum, domestic heat pump sales are expected to be supported, corresponding to 100 billion-grade market space. The heat pump exports are growing at a high level of resilience: the sharp fluctuations in the European heat pump subsidy policy have led to a strong stock run in the last two years.
As a result of this low base, heat pump exports grew by 21.2% from January to May 2025. Looking ahead, it is expected that the heat pump exports will continue to improve as some European countries reboot.
During the year, the volume of U.S. heat pumps was 4.120,000, the same as +14.0%; in April 2025, the same as the same month +18.9%, the acceleration of the velocity ring 15 committed myself to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence, reflecting clearly and accurately my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the appropriate matching of investors and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients, nor is it an invitation to buy, sell, subscribe to securities or other financial instruments accurate or complete. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than those contained in this report or that they may be issued in a manner inconsistent with or inconsistent with what is contained in this report.