The United States Group (0003333.sz) has a long history of new and stable, leading home-based full-use taps, and in 2021 the strategic axis was upgraded to "Technology Lead, Use."
Straight home, mind-driven, global breakthrough, two-wheel-drive phase of b.c. 1) very efficient corporate governance. The US business structure has been flat since 2012, with 23 years of executives accounting for only 0.1% of the total workforce, and since 14 years of re-marketing,
Each year, rolling incentives are rolled out, creating organizational management features such as `delegation clarity', `requirement equivalence' and `efficiency motivation'. 2) Manufacturing advantages under deep vertical integration.
The production, downstream logistics storage, etc., are self-directed, and the share of sales in the rotor compressor is close to 50%. After the acquisition of kuka, the density of industrial robots has taken the lead in digital exploration from about 200 in 18 years.
The “632” system has achieved mid-level unification, and the “t+3” production and marketing and the “Advanced Management Assembly” have improved manufacturing, pipeline and logistics efficiency and achieved counter-productive results in the air-conditioning industry. Without this, beauty is expected to make digitalization of the entire value chain by deepening the dtc change.
End (1) c: Air conditioning expansion + structural upgrade + obm to open space. For internal sales, our air conditioner holdings reached 5.1% in almost five years, compared to Japan's 1990s, and did not increase space, trend determination: the beautiful "colmo" + "toshiba" high-end operation.
In 2023, high-end sales grew by more than 20%, and in 2024 high-end retail sales were equal to +45%; in terms of external sales, the U.S. overseas business accounted for over 40% of the value, which is considered home-grown 2) b. At the end: high industry growth + share increases and increases growth.
The industry is large enough to grow well, such as new energy car heat management, industrial robotics, beautiful b-side operations are still in their early stages of growth, with less than 1 per cent of new energy vehicle heat management, less than 10 per cent of Kuka ' s global share, based on synergies between industry and industry resources.
Profit forecasts, valuations, and ratings Volatile prices of raw materials; exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi; under-required demand; and tariff risks.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services.
1. The manufacture-based, global integrated technology group with a high level of business b.c. 1.1. Wide-ranging expansion, from “big” to “big” beauty, was launched in 1968, marketed as a stock in 1993 as a United States-owned electrical device and first listed as an air-conditioning operation.
Lord, America’s 2013 bloc has made an overall listing in exchange for shares, emphasizing “one beauty,” and has begun a shift at the group level from “big” to “strong.” Throughout the history of development, business-wide expansion is the backbone of beauty’s history, which still has far-reaching implications for America’s strategy today.
The founding of the United States has so far resulted in the expansion of the product category and the upgrading of the city through the extension of the acquisition + industrial chain, the improvement of diversified and globalized industries, the rapid acquisition of manufacturing capabilities and core technology through acquisitions and mergers, the enrichment of the industrial landscape, and the subsequent expansion and diversification of research and development through the vertical industry chain, and the reduction of manufacturing costs through the diversification of the corporate business layout and scale effects.
The early acquisition of the United States through a single air conditioner manufacturer to cover a multiplicity of products, such as ice-washing kitchens, such as the 2004 acquisition of the Fertilizer Pride, Juddice, the Ultimate Power Machine, etc. into new areas. After 2016, more purchases were characterized by “globalization” and “inter-industry”, and in 2016, the United States acquired the Japanese Toshiba White Power, and the Italian Aeronau Company.
After that, the new growth curve of Tob’s business has been further strengthened through the acquisition of enterprises such as Kuka, Xinkang New Energy, Science and Technology. The US has now developed a two-wheel-drive development model for b.c. A+h is now on the market and globalization is expected to progress in 2021.
For four major sectors, the strategic position of C-side smart households is equal to the strategic position of the United States as a global integrated science and technology group. In 2024, the US collected $40.91 billion, of which C-side accounted for $26.95 billion, or 66%, in global space.
The cleaning and cooking markets were the top three, and the b end of business received $104.5 billion, or 26 per cent of the total, of which the global share of air conditioners in the industrial technology plate was the highest, and the share of domestic market sales of the Kuka industrial robots increased steadily to 8.2 per cent.
The amount of HK$35,660 million has been raised, mainly for global R&D inputs, improving global distribution channels and distribution networks, and raising branded overseas sales, smart manufacturing systems, and upgrading supply chain management. A+h has been listed to enhance the international impact of the beauty medals, and it is hoped that international capital will help its overseas operations to accelerate America’s “global breakthrough.”
Figure 3: A group product and brand matrix of the United States, which is robust in terms of profitability, and which has risen steadily in recent years: 1) Sub-region, where domestic profitability is high, full-channel retail optimization + manufacturing landings + cost control effectively hedges raw materials
Prices and demand volatility, which has remained stable for 13 years (the 2020 downturn was mainly due to accounting standards adjustments), offshore markets benefit from such factors as home-grown construction-led production, sales efficiency gains and rapid growth-led structural optimization, Māori 2) sub-business, smart household business dependent on high-end colmo, landscape innovation and global scale effects, Māori ratio
From 25.1 per cent in 2021 to 30.0 per cent in 2024; new energy and industrial technology operations benefited from core components (compressors fast ups; robotic and automated operations rebounded in Māori after the Kuka integration period, from 21.1 per cent in 21 years to 22.0 per cent in 24 years; smart architecture technology operations relied on iBuilding digital platform enabling and integrated solutions
Figure 4: United States domestic and overseas Māori rates perform robustly over the years
1.2. Core competitiveness: governance + manufacturing + digital multi-dimensional drive, barriers to value chain efficiency advantages 1) highly efficient governance mechanisms: The US Department of Enterprise system has undergone many adjustments, and the Department of Enterprise has continued to streamline since Fanghongbo took power, flat-structured and shaped
The features of “decentralization + reciprocity of authority and responsibility” and “efficiency incentives” are complemented by a system of career managers that allows beauty to adjust flexibly when the market changes, to seize opportunities in a timely manner, and to correct opportunities in a timely manner when the direction is wrong. The US business department system evolved mainly in 1997-2013:
In order to address the problem of inadequate management capacity following the expansion of operations, the United States introduced the Enterprise System in 97, establishing five major departments: Air, Household Electrical, Cooking, Electrical and Compressor; decentralizing management decision-making; achieving economic efficiency; and giving the managers of each department full responsibility for the entire chain of “research sales” and independent accounting, which is a matter of the United States.
The Ministry of Industry’s system is in its infancy. The completion of mbo (managerial takeover) in 2001 and the withdrawal of the Government of Sindh from the United States largely resolved the problem of inconsistent potential interests between management and shareholders.
In 2005, with the rapid expansion of the Department of Corporate Business Expansion, the United States added a secondary platform, the Refrigerator Electric Cluster and the Solar House Group, to enhance synergies, recover rights previously delegated to the Ministry, strengthen medium- and long-term layouts through the secondary platform, and avoid too short-sighted decision-making by the Department.
In 2011, Fang Hongbo became the new Chairman of the Board of Directors, establishing a strategic approach to “product leadership, efficiency-driven, global operations”, promoting a number of measures such as sku reduction, capacity adjustment, management simplification and staffing adjustment, and dismantling the second-tier platform and returning it to the 2-tier organizational structure of the “Group + Enterprise”.
Figure 6: The 2012 establishment of the Department of Enterprise system in the United States has continued to be refined over the years into “Group + Department of Industry & Functional Department & Directorate” and, despite several changes in the number of departments, has maintained a streamlined hierarchical structure, with the Ministry enjoying it.
The management structure of the United States is also highly flat, ranging from staff to directorship levels, and according to the United States Group Esg 2023 report, the United States has 181 and 4245 senior and middle-level staff, representing 0.01 per cent and 2.13 per cent of the total workforce, respectively, and maintains a streamlined structure for the operation of the business, “business unit”, “collaborative platform”, “group function”
Incentives: for more than 10 years since the United States Group as a whole came to the market, equity incentives, employee ownership schemes, 17 stock incentive schemes, 15 stock-holding schemes, and so on, were implemented by companies in 2014-2024.
More than 15,000 awards, highly tied to corporate interests, with deep vertical integration + leading manufacturing capacity + manufacturing advantage under the global supply system based on “decentralization”
Unlike Grigori, Hale’s early domestic market, which is dominated by downstream channels, branding, etc., the three largest white power plants are the first ones to start upstream layouts and continue to do so for the next 30 years or so.
Compressors and electric machines are the link of high technical barriers in the early stages of the domestic electricity industry and the key to creating cost advantages. The beauty of the world, which began to be laid out in the 1990s, now accounts for about 50% of the country's total production capacity and is well ahead of the glycerine and third-party supplier Hairy; the beauty of the world is also the same as the continuous layout of the home electric power plant, the power of the Holy Power.
Chips have become more important since home power has moved to an advanced stage of intelligence, and the United States has achieved self-charged chips like mcu, ipm, etc. The Miren semiconductor was established in December 2018 and its products include mcu, power chip, power chip, power chip, etc.
American reclamation semiconductors were established in January 2021, mainly for integrated circuits, chips and product manufacturing and marketing. At present, the United States has achieved autonomy in its home ipm module in 2019, controllable in 2021 and planned to achieve car chip production in 2024.
The lighthouse plant represents the highest level of intelligent manufacturing and digitization. At present, 79 plants in mainland China have been selected. One of them has six lighthouse plants, covering various fields such as air conditioning, microwaves, dishwashers, building technology.
With the rapid roll-out of lighthouses at several production bases, its 24-year home-based air-conditioning plant in the south and south of the country has been digitized, resulting in a 23% reduction in operating costs and a 36% increase in production efficiency. In 2016, the United States acquired Kuka to speed up the automation of the manufacturing chain and achieve efficiency gains.
Large, with a strong demand for automation of production itself, the concentration of robotic use in the post-Kuka United States has increased significantly, from about 200 in 18 years to about 640 in 2024, and the number of domestic robotic applications has reached 4550, with the manufacturing automation rate reaching 51.2 per cent.
Global manufacturing system: The United States has a total of 44 manufacturing bases worldwide, more than half of them overseas, 24 years of accelerated construction of offshore supply systems parallel to the home country, and projects to upgrade and automate production lines at overseas manufacturing bases.
(c) Advanced digital exploration: from 2012 onward investment in digital exploration has been made, and the “632” system, built over three years, has achieved medium-level language,
Harmonization of standards and processes is an important beginning of a digital transition; then “t+3” production & U.S.C.C. & Syndicate has significantly increased manufacturing, channel and logistics efficiency, leading the United States to counter-opposition in the air-conditioning industry; and now, the United States is further deepening the dtc change, which aims to further reduce the link with consumers and achieve a digitalization of the entire value chain.
“632” system: the beginning of the digital transition, the beginning of the digital exploration of the inter-departmental “Info-Island” beauty, which began in 2012, and the internal roll-out of the “632” system over a three-year period, which resulted in processes, data standards, system harmonization, the resolution of excessive duplication of processes and significant improvements in internal information efficiency,
Efficient end-to-end operations and controls were achieved. Chart 15: "632" system connects the workflows and language of the various departments. Figure 16: "632" system is the beginning of a beautiful digital transition.
At the end of production, the beauty pushes for a change in the t+3 production model. The essence of t+3 is that it is ordered to determine production, starting with small swans, changing the production-oriented patterns of former white power production, re-pressure goods, correspondingly challenging the ability of enterprises to make flexible production, real-time inventory monitoring, etc. The t+3 production model was formally introduced in 2016.
Business lines are being expanded to significantly shorten delivery cycles and improve warehousing efficiency, and the effect is still being felt today, with the average domestic market cycle from single to delivery being reduced from 21 days in 2021 to 12.5 days in 2023, significantly below the industry average water supply chain, where the United States has its own online platform, cloud sales, logistics platforms, and links to the channel model.
United States took the lead in streamlining supply efficiency. After 2012, US took the lead in restructuring the channel, moving from a deep distribution model to a straight-line model. From 2012 to 2023, the distribution model from 1800+ agents changed to a direct model from 10w+ to 140 billion, but stocks dropped from 20 billion to 8 billion, with turnover rising from four times a year.
The 20-year-old up-to-the-shelf cloud distribution platform, which brings about the acquisition, distribution and digitalization of sink channels, coupled with the internal hatching of the Enchant Union, has achieved a full-scale flow information, effective reduction of short supply-chain routes, a reduction in inventory and logistics losses, and a significant increase in liquidity efficiency at all levels of distributors.
Figure 19: A "one plate" of the United States can effectively address traditional supply chain leakages
Links, through continued simplification of supply chain levels and continued promotion of digitization tools among distributors and retailers, to achieve “User Chart 20: Continuous contraction in the number of distributors in the United States2 and end-of-end business growth logic: inward sales focus on structural upgrading and overseas enhancement of obm operations”
2.1 Indoor sales: there is still room for expansion and the structure remains upgraded 1) Air conditioners: the demand is still expanding and there is sufficient space for long-term growth 104 million air conditioners in 2024, a record high.
There is still plenty of room to increase the penetration of air conditioners. Unlike the ice-washing penetration rate, which followed the catalytic phase of the household electricity-downland policy, the penetration rate of air conditioners has increased rapidly since 2013, with an average household ownership rate of 13 years.
70.4 Upgraded to 150.6 in 24 years. The air conditioner “one room one” has a strong properties, with an average of 2.5 rooms per household in urban and rural areas in 24 years and a corresponding number of 250 ceilings per 100 household, 390 ceilings, and currently 175.7 and 111.5 per 100 households, respectively, with sufficient space for long-term growth.
In comparison with Japan, in 2024 there were 284.3 air-conditioning units, and even during the period of economic growth and pressure, the population’s quest for quality of life contributed to an increase in Japan’s air-conditioning penetration rate, which is expected to continue to expand, given the long-term growth in the consumer capacity of our population.
2) Head brands have an obvious advantage, and the share of the United States has the potential to further upgrade, and head brands are expected to capture a larger share of longtail brands with stronger scale effects, better distribution networks and product matrices, close to 1 pct compared to the increase.
The early digitalization of beauty, t+3 and the full process efficiency improvements resulting from the reform of the channel led to an increase in America's share of sales in air conditioners, washing machines, from 20 to 25 per cent to more than 30 per cent, and to further clearance of more services with the United States channel level in the future
Figure 28: United States share increase in air conditioners by 2019-2020 Figure 29: United States share increase in washing machines by 2015-2017 3) Colmo+toshiba two-end high-end brand-driven structural upgrade
High-end is the most important structural opportunity for household electricity to enter the stock market, and we measured the size of our high-end household electricity market in the depths report: High-end pilotage, global verticalization, 24 years of high-end electricity, about 70 billion people, about 10% of the total power supply. According to Eury, only high-end brands for 24 years are Fiji.
The market share of single brands in the Australasia market is already over 12%, with a higher share if measured in terms of sales, and in contrast, there is still ample room for expansion of the future size of our high-end home power market. Colmo focuses on three main capabilities: “intellectual interaction”, “intellectual evolution”, “intellectual care” and close to the domestic home power market.
Toshiba has established the position of a top-end technologist with a view to passing on the art of fine craftsmen and creating a breakthrough star-class way of life for consumers.
Figure 30: Colmo Four Systems and Design Concepts U.S. Advances high-end internal sales upgrades through 'colmo' or 'toshiba'. Although colmo was launched later than a friend, it grew rapidly with differentiated product positioning + channel expansion, with faster harvests at the Colmo+toshiba camp in 2023.
Over 20%, in 2024, the overall retail sales of both high-end brands grew by more than 45% on a year-on-year basis, while those of 2025q1 continued to grow by more than 55% on a year-on-year basis. We measured that in 24 years, Colmo+toshiba was more than 17 billion, accounting for about 6.5% of the internal sales in the United States.
Figure 32: Rapid expansion of retail terminals under the Colmo+toshiba line, with a national layout of more than 5,000 shops and sites, and a gradual increase in scene and intellectual experience, with all-house channels opened by Colmo, with more than 300 full-scale study halls and 40 study halls, with a cumulative layout of nearly 7,000 shops and sites
Colmo further developed a high-end landscape with more than 270 homes of intellectual experience covering more than 120 major cities. Toshiba opened a retail transition: 130 cormos of Toshiba-class life halls were built together with nearly 80 brand operators.
Toshiba, in partnership with more than 200 brand operators, has built more than 260 Toshiba-class life halls and more than 350 Toshiba-class halls of colmo, 18 urban experience centres in 17 urban layouts nationwide, more than 940 intellectual experience halls in 270 urban layouts nationwide, and more than 300 brand operators have built more than 500 Toshiba brand shops and more than 1,000 Toshiba-branch halls.
2.2 Overseas: Focus on obm development, taking advantage of opportunities for globalization online and offline. Since 2010, companies have been strengthening the global layout through overseas home brand acquisitions, and in 2016, they acquired Toshiba electric tlsc, gaining access to important channels and scarce brand resources in the Japanese and South-East Asian markets.
Since 2020, the brand matrix has been further supplemented by the acquisition of Masterkitchen, Italy, and Compfee, Thailand. The U.S. overseas smart households account for more than 40% of the business, depending on how many brands operate and how many local chemicals produce.
The U.S. overseas ownership of (obm) business grew rapidly, reaching 43% of the income of smart households in 2024. As its first stop in the sea, the U.S. has a certain base in South-East Asia, with a share of ice washing in 24 years, but in North America, Western Europe, etc., the share of electricity is less than 1%, and the potential remains to be fully exploited.
It is hoped that the local share will be further enhanced through brand and manufacturing system improvements. 1) On brand, the United States has achieved global multi-level market coverage through the three major brands + Toshigi+comfe and 13 sub-divisions, including profit, eureka, etc.
2) In the manufacturing system, as of 2024, the U.S. had 22 R & D centres and 23 offshore bases abroad, and the U.S. is still deepening global capacity-building and increasing the efficiency of its marketing networks by replicating its domestic transformational experience and securing more services through ASEAN pilot channels
Above all, as localization deepens, it is expected that branding will continue to grow in the future. 3 – b - Business growth logic: in the present and future, long-term-spaced Tob business is growing faster than the whole, rising to more than 25% in 24 years.
The new strategic axis of the "Twice-Driving" has been firmly built into the Tob growth curve, and the Ministry of Enterprise has been redefined to include the former Toc Department of Household Air Conditioning, Ice-washing, etc., as a "intellectual family business group", and the building of commercial and industrial solutions, new energy and industrial technologies, robotics and automation, and innovative operations have become separate ventures,b
End-of-cycle operations cover industrial core components, green energy, commercial air conditioning, elevators, industrial robotics, etc., with $104.5 billion in 2024, b end-of-end receipts, i.e. +6.9 per cent, representing 25.7 per cent of corporate collections.
New energy and industrial technologies began with home appliances and compressors, moved to air conditioners and washing machines in Westminsters in 1992-1999, the earliest business in American industrial technologies, and, in 2018, the United States set up a Willing Motors Parts and Components company to transfer technological advantages, such as electric machines, to zero. Another powerful business compressor came from Toshiji Manga, which was acquired in 1999.
Air-conditioning compressor plants, which now account for more than 45% of the world’s share, are the largest. After 2017, the US has been able to expand its capacity borders, improve industrial automation and the new energy industry, and acquired high-tech (industrial self-motivation) in 2017, 2020 and 2023, respectively, and new energy sources (new energy sources), new energy sources (new energy sources), and electronics (new energy sources) on the ground and on the ground.
The development of the United States Department of Industrial Technology is based on the accumulation of manufacturing capacity for the core components of domestic electricity, and in recent years it is expected to enjoy the dividends of rapid industrial expansion under the logic of new energy vehicles, robotic deployment and density upgrading.
The current United States industrial technology portfolio can be divided into two directions: industrial core components + green energy: four areas: domestic electricity + industrial control + new energy vehicles + storage energy.
1) The industrial core is mainly concerned with two types of downstream scenes: consumer appliances (compressors, electric machines, chips, etc.), industrial scenes (controls, server systems, other key modules, etc.).
The industry is roughly the same in size: 171.7 billion yuan in 23 years and 9.1% in cagr and 6.8% in six years. The global share of corporate air conditioning compressors, air conditioners and washing machines is 45%, 40%, and 22%, respectively.
In the future, robust growth is expected with a steady increase in downstream demand and its share, at a combined rate. Figure 41: Global production market share in 2024 Industrial control operations: mainly products such as server systems, sports control, and mainly for the control and coordination of machinery and automation
The industrial market has grown from 131.2 billion yuan in 23 years to 6.7 per cent in the last six years, and will require (a) integrated circuits + new energy scenarios, (b) optimized technology and increased energy efficiency needs, (c) higher levels of industrialization in emerging markets, owing to the fragmentation of the industrial downstream landscape, foreign investment dominates our industrial automation market, and there is sufficient national production replacement space.
In the case of servo systems, electronic equipment manufacturing is the largest application, accounting for around 20 per cent of the total, and the pattern is that foreign capital is still dominant, but because of downstream dispersion, the peak concentration is not high, and the US currently earns less than 3 per cent of the domestic scale of its industrial and regulatory operations, but there is already a good accumulation through several acquisitions, as well as a wide range of its own operations, which are naturally controlled.
Business provides an adequate application landscape, relative competition, synergies in the industrial chain and advantages of scale. 2) Green energy: mainly in the field of new energy vehicles (electric compressors, electric machines, etc.) and storage energy (reverse transformers, storage energy, new energy vehicle heat management operations: mainly in the products of the heat management system such as car compressors, electronic water pumps, car valves, etc., 23
The annual global scale of $102 billion, or 49.6 per cent for nearly six years, is 68.8 billion, or more than 60 per cent, and nearly six years, or 65.1 per cent. The thermal management system is a necessary module for new energy vehicles, with huge space available as the penetration rate of new energy vehicles increases, and according to Frost Sullivan, the projected global and domestic sales of new energy vehicles are 31.5 per cent and 31.5 per cent, respectively, in 23-27 years.
In 19 years, the United States had created S.O.S.S.S.S.S.A., and since 21 years, it had accelerated the process of renovating and improving the layout of its products, with a total of 100 W in 24 power compressors, which now account for less than 1 per cent of the global market, compared to other trans-border companies that cut into compressors, electric generators, the size of the United States and the combined advantages of manufacturing power, the future of which would be enhanced through the development of domestic economic vehicles.
Figure 44: Market size and speed of heat management systems in 2017-2027e (single chart 45: United States dollar zero “333” business planning is moving forward steadily and will be active in the future)
System-level solutions Storage operations: the potentially large blue sea market, which was 72 per cent worldwide in 17-23, 130.9 per cent in our storage energy market, 2386 billion yuan in 23 years and 60.6 billion dollars in 2019, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA)
Twenty-six per cent increased to 85 per cent in 2050, and storage was an important link in maintaining a stable supply of new energy sources. By 27 years, my United States and the United States have completed the basic layout of the energy storage industry, 24 years have seen the rapid growth of the new energy epc business, and overseas markets have been transformed from equipment suppliers to systems integrators, in North America.
In many overseas markets, such as South America, breakthroughs have been made. 3.2. Smart architecture technology: 20 miles of deep-deep farming, and the US-based smart technology business is made up of central air conditioning, elevators, and smart building operations.
The United States has accumulated a wealth of intelligent architecture and technology, formerly the Central Air-Conditioning Department, which originated in commercial air conditioning in 1999 and entered the market through a joint venture in 2004, setting up four bases: Guangdong, Fatty, Chongqing, and Italy.
In 2016, the U.S. acquired the European Watermaker brand, Clivet, the European market, the US cooperation with Siemens Technology started in 2017 in the field of smart buildings, the U.S. removed its former family from its business in the air to a smart family block in the year 2020, independent of its business, and acquired the King Mitsubishi elevator.
The Ministry of Technology and Industry, which develops the layout of the overall building solutions for heating energy, smart buildings, and elevators.
Smart architecture technology integrates hardware and software, such as commercial air conditioning, elevators, building control software, and intellectual fire safety and security systems, and is a technological solution to optimize energy efficiency and enhance the comfort of residents. As urbanization accelerates, building science and technology smartness, global decarbonization, etc., the market for smart architecture is growing rapidly.
In 2023, the size of the market was $18,544 million, which is expected to grow at an annual compound rate of 7.2% between 2023 and 2027. In terms of the pattern of competition, the market is dominated by foreign brands such as Hornwell, Siemens, Jiangsen self-control, Schneider.
An important part of the construction and technology market, which is more than 100 billion people in the country, is growing steadily over the long term. In 2024, the market was 14.47 billion yuan, of which Tob accounted for about 60 per cent of the total, the post-natal cycle was characterized by strong properties and a certain amount of fluctuations in its annual scale, but the length of the cycle was marked by the growth of the situation as a product with a rising penetration rate, 2010-2024.
Substituted by accelerated national production, the beauty of a balanced layout is expected to sustain growth through a quota-up + water machine breakthrough. Central air conditioning has been connected to the main categories of technology, units, water machines, etc., for over 24 years, with 50% of units, 17% of units, centrifuges, water coolers/wind coolers, and less than 10% of units, and our brand is multi-connected, and the unit share is already in place.
In the head, but in large water markets such as screwrs, centrifuges, etc., foreign investment continues. In 2024, America’s share of the central air conditioning market was 15%, mainly a unit + multiple online contribution, and it is expected that the share of the cleanup will increase further with the long tail brandings, and the United States’ yearning Chongqing Sky Plant, the world’s first full-flowai water lighthouse plant, technology surges.
Broken + manufacturing efficiency-enabling large water machines are expected to become an important new curve in the sky. Figure 51: Size of the central air-conditioning market. Figure 52: Performance of the overall market share of the central air-conditioning sector in 2025.
In 2025, the domestic market was highly concentrated, with top brands playing an absolute preponderant role. Grigori and America's two major brands, each with a share of more than $20 billion, were the first in the market. Second-tier brands (10 to 20 billion dollars) included Dajin, Hen Li, Haile, and they were important in the market.
The share is relatively small. The number of brands is small, but the number of brands reflects the low end of the market. Elevators are larger than the size of the market, with a steady increase in their holdings. There are 11 million elevators in 24 years and 8.3% in the cagr in almost five years, with a steady expansion. The output of elevators + escalators + elevators in 24 years was 149w, with a single equivalent value (including a single product).
In terms of competition patterns, according to the Chinese Elevator Industry Yearbook, the share of foreign capital and joint venture brands in 24 years is 70%, the share of domestic front-line brands is about 20%, and there are hundreds of other countries.
Longtail brands compete for about 10% of the remaining 10%, both national production replacements and pattern clean-up, which will provide a good opportunity to build up. The main players in the US elevator business are the King Mitsubishi elevator, which was acquired in 2020, the post-American launch control, the brand kong, the Smart Elevator linvol, the elevators, the escalators, the loading scenes, and the product and brand matrix are becoming more and more complete.
Xiang Xiang, after gaining Chinese ownership of the Toshiba elevator in December 24, it is hoped that the United States will achieve a stronger synergistic development effect through its accumulation of brands, channels, products, technology, etc.
Figure 56: The share of foreign brands in the elevator market is about 70%.
Other foreign brands (Jinda, Tyson, Toshiba, Fushda, etc.)
For more than a decade now, the US has been able to build up its own systems of robotics and automation. In 2009, the U.S. Ultron electric power plant began to develop its own servers, laying the foundation for the U.S.'s development of robotics, and in 2011 the U.S.'s strategy changed to focus more on efficiency improvements in manufacturing, hoping to increase production efficiency through automation, and to establish a joint venture with Kuka in 2015.
In the context of the “twilight” strategy, the year saw a significant acceleration in the overall deployment of robotics, with four major industrial robots acquired around the world.
Automation, with a global industrial robot market of $142.1 billion in 2023, an average annual compound growth rate of 4.3% in 17-23, and a Chinese market of 67.5 billion yuan in 23 years and 13% in 17 years. With population ageing and rising labour costs, large demand in industries such as cars, and lower average prices for industrial robots, rows
In addition, China’s industrial robotic applications are much less dense than international leaders, with a density of 418.7 per 10,000 manufacturing workers in mid-2023, down from 111.2.6 in Korea, 432.6 in Germany and 418.2 in Japan, with sufficient excavating space for market demand.
Figure 58: Size and acceleration of the global industrial robot market 2017-2027e Figure 59: The concentration of industrial robot deployments in our country is still low, global market competition patterns are relatively concentrated in 23 years, making Kuka the third largest global share. Technical barriers in the industrial robot industry
Higher, more concentrated markets, with the top five companies worldwide accounting for 42.8% of the market share in 2023, and Kuka share (by income kuka robots have a deep base that integrates profit-back growth routes after the throes. Kuka is one of the world’s four leading industrial robots, with top control devices and algorithms, and technology.
In 23 years of weak domestic and foreign demand, Kuka’s net profit and profitability have continued to grow. The beauty of the economy is expected to increase its share of kuka and profitability.
The demand for industrial robots has increased from about 200 in 18 years to about 640 in 2024, and it is expected that it will continue to do so, while the country has a rich and diverse client base that can fully equip itself to Kuka and reduce the dependence of the automobile industry.
By 325,000, over 7 per cent of the same year, Kuka China's share of Kuka's income rose from 15 per cent in 15 years to 22 per cent of the total amount of core Kuka's core spare parts, which is significantly lower than the net interest rate of friendly firms, and the cost of purchasing is lower under the United States's ability to create synergies: on the upstream industrial chain, the United States' stock of products and technologies that complete the servo system by acquiring high-cost purchases,22
The year announced that the self-researched harmonic deceleration device had reached an internationally advanced level, with an annual capacity of 80,000 harmonic deceleration machines and an annual intellectual manufacturing capacity of 120,000 robot servers, and it was hoped that the future would be enhanced by further upstream self-initiation.
Figure 64: Significant improvements in kuka ' s profitability since 2020. In terms of revenue collection, we split the company ' s business according to smart home, business and business solutions. 1) Smart home: a steady increase in domestic domestic electricity demand is expected, driven by the growth of air conditioners + high end, and beautifully used as a white dragon.
Top-scale advantages are highlighted by the fact that, with the full range of products and a rich brand matrix fully benefiting from growth, overseas sales are home-grown in billions of yuan, i.e. +9.8 per cent/+7.4 per cent/+7.5 per cent, and the Māori rate is 27.3 per cent/27.8 per cent/28.2 per cent, respectively, for new energy and industrial technologies: based on the company ' s global leadership of the electric compressor/electric unit, accelerating the flow to the new energy car heater.
We expect the new energy and industrial technology business to grow by 37.825 billion and 48 billion in 25-27 years.
Well, a better break has been made in the waterboards, and building technology (Aransky + Elevator + Wisdom) has increased its capacity to export the entire programme. We expect the smart architecture technology business to receive $32.59.9 billion to $40.3 billion in 25-27 years, compared to the robotics and automation: China’s industrial robotic density is low, and the demand for manufacturing automation has supported long-term expansion.
Comfort, beauty and kuka are expected to provide two-way capacity. We expect a total of 31.6 billion dollars in robotic and automated operations in 25-27 years. Other (digitized operations) are expected to be: the excellent Antxon, the U.S.I.U.R.I.L.L.P.P. experience, and it is expected that digital services will become a new growth pole at the revenue end. We expect a digital business in 25-27 years.
We've chosen Hale Jie, Greiver, Gold Industries as comparable companies, compared to the average pere in 2025-2027, 13.5 times, 12.7 times, and 11.5 times, respectively. The company, as the head of the household full-power class, has a strong manufacturing capacity + scale effect, internal sales of air-conditioning growth + a two-brand high-end strategy opens up the growth space, and overseas obm is expected to remain in the process of localization.
High-speed growth; B-end business development paths are clear, long-term market space is wide, and the United States is based on strong industrial capabilities, and size + operating efficiency is expected to increase steadily. By reference to comparable corporate valuation levels, given the rapid expansion of United States business at end B in recent years, there is already a considerable amount of scope, and tob’s longer-term business space should be valued premium.
Prices of raw materials rise: the cost of essential raw materials such as copper, steel, plastics, etc., is higher than the cost of electricity production in the company, and sharp fluctuations in the price of materials affect the company’s level of profitability. Downstream demand is not as high as expected: downstream demand for domestic electricity products is affected by macroeconomic fluctuations, weather, real estate, etc.
Exchange rate fluctuations in renminbi: Corporate external sales revenue already accounts for more than 40 per cent of the company's overall income, and large fluctuations in exchange rates will affect tariff risks: there is a certain US exposure in corporate power operations, tariff escalation will increase the cost of companies' exports, and policy volatility may affect domestic electricity exports.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market