Intelligent Development, Tob's multi-faceted breakthrough.
a The equity buy-back scheme, where more than 70 per cent of the “50-10 billion buy-back” shares will be put on sale; the “1.5-30 billiona share buy-back programme”, which implements the equity incentive scheme and/or the employee holding scheme, was promoted to the post of executive president of the company, Mr. Wang Jianjin, Vice-President of the company.
The decline of 0.8 pct over the same period is due mainly to the highly competitive market-phased price of 25q2 air conditioners, the price of which is higher than the price of air conditioners, and the loss of efficiency in the out-of-order process as a result of United States customs duties.
The efficiency of operations has increased, and the profit margins of smart household businesses have increased on the same basis. 2) In the domestic market, demand has increased in a current m-type manner. 25h1 “colmo+Toshi” brands have increased overall retail sales by more than 60% over the same year; on the Juice Line, channel sales have increased by more than 25% over the same year.
Selling capacity, corporate executives ' transformational entrepreneurs, ip, displaying strong resilience. 3) Overseas markets, obm give priority to continuous improvement of basic capabilities and service systems. 25h1, obm business accounts for intelligent home business overseas.
More than 45% of revenues. Companies accelerate their efforts to optimize overseas manufacturing layouts and global supply chains, increasing capacity in countries such as Thailand, India, Viet Nam, Malaysia, Egypt, Saudi Arabia. Tob Business Breakthrough: 1) Business and Industrial Solutions 64.54 billion yuan, compared to +20.8%; new
Energy and industrial technology, smart architecture technology, robotics and automation revenues of $21.96 billion, and 19.51 billion are fast-tracked to the country. 2) Smart architecture and technology operations include heating air conditioning, elevator operations, building intelligence, and energy management.
The company's acquisition of arboniaclimate in Switzerland and Italy combines its superior resources with the acquisition of an elevator in Toshiba (China) that focuses on the urban pole project. 3) New energy and industrial technologies, and a rapid development of new energy operations, with a subsidiary company, Science and Technology (002211.sz), generating revenue,
The profits have been reversed, and its manufacturing base project in Indonesia has made significant progress. The zero business has kept up the momentum, with the Mexican manufacturing base project for auto parts officially launched in 2025, serving the major North American customers in near-Earth terms.
How to look at the current market concerns: 1) The market is concerned about the negative impact of the fall of the country in the second half of the year and of overseas United States tariffs. 2) Although growth slowed during the second half of the year, it was able to maintain steady growth, taking into account the high rate of dividends from the company and the large-scale repurchase stock cancellation scheme, and the fact that the return on dividends from the company was absorbable.
Gravity. In addition, the company’s business tob is growing, and we expect the company’s valuation to have room for improvement. Division reports division, 25h1, smart household business/smart architecture technology/new energy and industrial technology/other divisions and pcto
Figure 1: Annual operating income of the company (by internal and external sales) (ii) Main financial position of the company
The heating and air conditioning industry is under short-term pressure and long-term positive (i) household air conditioners: the year 2024 was a year of spectacular sales. Domestic sales benefited from state subsidy stimulus in the fourth quarter of 2024, and were achieved throughout the year.
In terms of exports, 96.41 million were exported in 2024, an increase of 36.08% in the same year, and in July, the volume of air conditioners sold was impressive, and subsequent pressures are expected. 1) Industry online data, 1,058 million air conditioners sold in July 2025, i.e., +14.3% in comparison with 14.3%, were mainly held by the country.
2) In the next few months, there is expected to be pressure on air conditioners. On the one hand, in the rainy season in August, frequent rainfall weather will have an impact on the need for air conditioners and their installation, and on the other hand, it will be less strongly supported by old and new policy changes and will face higher levels in the future in the same period last year.
On-line data for industry, the output from air conditioners in August, September and October was 11.9%, -7.7%, -4.7%, respectively, compared to last year’s performance, and the demand for air conditioners for end-uses continued to improve. At the retail end of retail sales, there was a decline in the country’s air conditioner retail market model in the first half of 2024; since August 2024, national supplemental policies were gradually implemented, the air conditioner retail market was revitalized and air conditioners were re-energized in August-December.
On-line and off-line retail sales consistently increase by more than two digits, and end demand continues to improve. In 2025, as policy advocacy intensified, retail sales continued to grow overall, with air-conditioning on line in June 2025 and below-line retail sales on the same scale as at +20.8 per cent. Figure 20: Retail retail sales monitoring (monthly) off-air air-conditioning line
Figure 21: Monitoring of retail sales on air-conditioning lines (monthly) Share of retail sales on air-conditioning lines in major brands of retail sales on air-conditioning lines
The steady decline in air conditioners exports since May, focusing on enterprises' overseas production bases.1 Industry online data on the volume of air conditioners exported 5.85 million in July 2025, as compared to 15.5 per cent; and domestic air conditioners exported in 8, 9 and October, as compared to 14.7 per cent, 16.6 per cent, and 3.3 per cent of last year's export performance, continue to reflect the transfer of United States orders abroad and exports to the same countries.
3) The global production base for air conditioners is widely distributed, with Thailand being the main air conditioner production base outside China, with 8.8 per cent of imports of United States air conditioners (sitc7415) in 2024 from Thailand, but with some impact on US customs risks, overseas supply chain construction can hedge risks for high-quality listed companies.
Figure 24: Exports from domestic air conditioning (monthly)
1) The average retail price of the offline market has continued down since April, reaching $3978 in July, compared with April - 10.0%. The on-line market zero 2) millet brands have been working to increase profitability since the third quarter of 2024, with a slightly higher average retail price and less marked value for money. After 618 retail average prices have recovered rapidly, reaching $2685/stage 25w32, compared with the average monthly price of +23.6% retail on the air-conditioning line.
The competitive pattern of the industry has improved, during which the general profitability of A/C 3 has increased, and the market share has risen. The fall in prices in this round was due to the US’s use of the flotilla brand to raise market shares.
The average retail price has reached $2560 per station, compared with the June average price +24.7 per cent, and the rest of the average retail price has improved to varying degrees.
Figure 30: Retail averages for retail markets on air-conditioning lines (main brands) Figure 31: Retail averages for retail markets on air-conditioning lines (Internet brands)
Central air conditioners are diverse in form and rich in products, mainly domestic (multi-connected, unit, etc.) and commercial (seine, screw, etc.). According to frost&sullivan, the global central air conditioner sales in 2023 amounted to $52,1.7 billion, showing a steady growth trend.
After 2020, the US manufacturing boom stimulated the demand for central air-conditioning and increased demand for cold-water units, driven by large-scale construction of global data centres. Central air-conditioning sales continued to be depressed in the real-estate market, and the pace of industrial investment slowed down.
Intra-air-conditioning sales were $121.5 billion, a decline of 3.8% compared to the previous year, mainly due to the continuing slump in the real-estate market, slower pace of industrial investment, increased global competitiveness of Chinese enterprises, and higher share-led export growth in recent years. Industry online data, Central Air-conditioning 2024 (v) heat pumps: domestic promotion of high-quality developments in the heat pump industry, exports are backfired.
In terms of domestic sales, the price of the heat pump was average in 2024, and it is hoped that it will benefit from favourable policy issuances in 2025. On 2 April 2025, the National Development Reform Commission and other departments jointly issued the Action Plan for Quality Development in the Heat Pump Industry, which focuses on the use of heat pumps in priority areas such as construction, industry, agriculture, transport, etc., and proposes a 20% or more increase in energy efficiency in priority heat pump products by 2030.
According to industrial online data, in 2024, domestic heat pump sales are expected to be supported with policy power, corresponding to 100 billion-grade market space. As of the second half of the year, European-American heat pumps have been moving out of the vault cycle, with a one-month increase.
The export of heat pumps is projected to continue to improve as some European countries reboot their subsidies, 20.2% over the same year. Industry on-line forecasts exports of 2025h2 heat pumps are expected to reach $2 billion, or +6% over the year; exports are projected at $5.05 billion over the year 2025, with three, icy shubbles: inward sales are dominated by renewed demand, and follow-up shipments are to be observed.
Internal sales have been dominated by demand for renewal, and sales have been on a platform for many years The demand for refrigerators has been on a long-term basis, with sales peaking more than a decade ago due to the downside of electricity and electricity. The ice box sales were on a more stable platform during the period 2019-2024, with a slight decline or a small increase. In 2024, the subsidized home service policy and a new deal.
In the second half of the year, domestic sales grew by 3.1 per cent (industry online), as a result of the recovery in the refrigerator market since the second half of the year, and industrial online data, the output of refrigerators in July-October 2025 was +4.2 per cent, 11.5 per cent, -3.5 per cent, sales of washing machines were similar to air conditioners, potential demand was activated by the use of old and new policies, and consumer preferences were added.
Qualitative and energy-efficient products contributed to the structural upgrading of products, with a cumulative volume of 44.82 million sales in washing machines in 2024, an increase of 6.7 per cent in comparison with the previous year. In recent years, the China Galaxy Securities Institute (CII) has online data on sales in washing machines in July-October 2025 compared to the previous year ' s performance of 4.6 per cent, 6.9 per cent, 0.7 per cent, respectively.
The Chinese Institute of Galaxy Securities, the Chinese Institute of Galaxy Securities, increased consumption of refrigerators, washing machines, retail sales, and the transformation of products targeted at young people. 2023-2024 Refrigerators, washing machines, etc.
Increased fees, a steady increase in retail average prices, and a steady increase in the market for refrigerators and washing machines. There is a marked increase in the number of young people who are single at the moment, and there are different demands. The Mi washing machine first caters to the needs of young people at the moment. In 2024, when the mill was rolled out, it brought with it a 1kg roller to meet the needs of young people to wash their underwear/socks alone.
In March 2025, Commander-in-Chief Haile released a three-barrel washing machine, with two 1-kg tubes giving different fabrics, different sizes, different clothing partitions for family members, while the product was “inflated without cost”, had a value-for-money ratio, and made a good deal of money.
Figure 50: Multi-brand roll-out of three washing machines Figure 51: Three washing machines to meet different scenario needs (ii) follow-up pressure on ice washing exports
My national electricity company has been active in globalizing the demand from emerging market countries, adding up to recent years, with an impressive 18.6 per cent increase in our refrigerator exports in 2024, and industry online data on the output of refrigerator exports from July to October 2025 compared to last year ' s performance of 4.0 per cent, - 8.3 per cent, -3.2 per cent, respectively.
Subregionally, Asia, Europe, and North America are the main export markets, with exports totalling 83 per cent in 2024. Our washing machines have advantages in terms of technology, cost, and volume production. Tariff concerns in the overseas market have led to pre-shipment, with exports reaching 45.11 million in 2024, an increase of 17.3 per cent.
Figure 58: Outlet sales of washing machines (annual) Industry online data, discharges of washing machines in July-October 2025 compared to previous year ' s performance of 3.8 per cent, +1.2 per cent, and China ' s Galaxy Securities Institute
Subregionally, the growth in demand in emerging markets is the driving force behind the rapid growth in the export of washing machines. General Customs data show that exports in South America, the fastest growing regional market in 2024, ranged from +35.6 per cent to $500 million, with exports rising from 1.8 pct to 8.4 per cent in 2019 compared with China ' s exports of washing machines (with the exception of spare parts) in 2024. Figure 62: Subregional share of exports of washing machines (with the exception of spare parts) in 2024
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.