Industrial Wealth Federation (601138): “Intelligent Manufacturing + Industrial Software” for 5g New Capital, Cloud Calculus Industry
Billion dollars, an increase of 10.08%. In the first quarter of 2020, 8054 million yuan was realized, a decrease in the same amount.
A billion yuan, a 30.92 per cent decrease over the same year, is a business provider that provides customers with intelligent manufacturing services for new forms of electronic equipment products with industrial Internet platforms at their core.
In 2019, the overall business was smooth and the net profit was rising, with net interest rates increasing by 0.48 pct over the previous year, mainly in the design, research and development of various types of electronic equipment products, in order to benefit from the firm ' s vigorous development of industrial artificial intelligence, and through the promotion and application of industrial Internet platforms.
Manufacturing and marketing, relying on the industrial Internet for global efficiency savings, significantly lowers management costs and secures a steady increase in net profits. In recent years, well-known clients have provided intelligent manufacturing and technology service solutions.
The company’s main products include communications network equipment, cloud clothing, company revenue and profits, which remain largely on a year-to-year upward trend, built-in dynamic power, equipment, precision tools and industrial robots.
Short-term consumer end demand and supply chains are hit to a certain extent, delaying company q1. By 2020, one side was hit by a decline in corporate overall Māori rates, and another by a discount on fixed assets during the cessation of work affected by the epidemic.
The costs of old and employee remuneration are accounted for by management costs. Implementation of the two-wheel drive strategy “Intelligent Manufacturing + Industrial Internet” to add new needs to the epidemic and to lead the new capital stock/flowa unit (millions of shares)
The company uses "3rd and third and soft" as the core basis for its strategy, which refers to equipment, tools and materials, and "3rd and soft" to large industrial data, ai and software, and to the continuous strengthening of technology research in key areas.
In addition, the epidemic has made potential clients across industries aware of the importance of the industrial Internet and has led to the creation of industries.
The urgent need to automate and intelligently manage the industry has accelerated the intellectual evolution of social connectivity, which, coupled with the strengthening of the Government's technology-subsidization policy, will drive the company's medium- and long-term industrial Internet industry Research assistant Wei Zung
In 2019, the business as a whole was stable and the net profit increased. In 2019, the company ' s operating income remained generally stable, with a significant increase in net profit, with a Māori rate of 8.38 per cent, a slight decrease of 0.26 pct from the previous year, a net interest rate of 4.55 per cent and an increase of 0.48 per cent from the previous year.
While this trend has been rising year by year, the Māori rate has declined year by year, influenced by fluctuations in the prices of raw materials on the one hand, and changes in the structure of the business sector on the other, with the continued slow decline in the income share of Māori-higher telecommunications and mobile network equipment, while Māori-lower-rate cloud computing operations, with a 6.33 per cent increase in the same year, have further optimized the regional structure of its collections, resulting in a 148 per cent increase in operating income from China-wide areas over the same period; and client groups.
With the growth of online office eruptions, the market demand for data centres, services, etc. is expected to rise further. By working with world-renowned cloud service operators and leading global semiconductor manufacturers, the company works with fast-track technology and platform design and development, building on data centre market trends, to integrate hpc technologies on a traditional cloud server basis.
“New infrastructure” +5g is a powerful push for the future of the industrial Internet. In recent years, the country has adopted several policies to further define the direction of the Internet, manufacturing and industry, and provinces and cities have introduced plans for the construction of a new capital, amounting to nearly 50 trillion yuan yuan.
In addition, the company has been increasing its investment in research and development of core technologies such as 5g+ai, and has achieved a multi-dimensional, matrixed product layout and technological breakthrough in the 5g area, which has led to the growth of Eastern financial intelligence.
With 5g-related clouds, networks, end-of-end hardware equipment, software products, 5g applications and ecosystem construction, the company constructed four-layered industrial Internet platform architecture based on sensors, "flag" edge calculations, fiicloud platform and microcloud specialized cloud applications based on core technology such as 5g,ai, big industrial data, high-efficiency computing (hpc), smart manufacturing and precision tools, with a view to providing a four-layered industrial Internet platform based on the use of sensors, "glossy" edges, fiicloud platform and microcloud
Industrial Internet platforms design, manufacture, and technology services for dependent products, assist clients in the transition from traditional manufacturing to intelligent manufacturing, and create a new ecology of “intelligent manufacturing + industrial Internet.” The global development space of the industrial Internet industry is huge, and will be an important driver of high economic growth.
Our industrial Internet development is largely synchronized with developed countries like the United States, Germany, and Japan, with advantages and characteristics. Unlike other countries abroad, where leading manufacturing firms and ii firms dominate the construction of industrial Internet platforms, the country has a government-led, automated, ict-based, Internet-based, etc.
According to the McKinsey study, the industrial Internet will generate income of up to $11.1 trillion per year by 2025;
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Wang Kenhui, has created values for research and research in industry.
High-growth areas such as retail, ott etc.
Chen Xiaobo is the researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Industrial Wealth Federation (601138): "Intelligent Manufacturing+Industrial Software" for a new 5g capital, with cloud computing operations expected to grow beyond expectations.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.