q2 performance exceeded expectations, and the trend towards product high-end was expected to accelerate by 42.8 per cent, resulting in a net return to the mother of 1,826 million yuan, or 21.2 per cent more in the same year, and a net deduction from the mother of 1.799 billion yuan, or 23.1 per cent more in the same year, representing an increase of 9,054 million yuan in the operating income of 2022q2 companies.
The volume: 2022H1 high-end products sold at 13% and raised by about 2 pct on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the release of the company’s motor panel capacity and the gradual improvement in the demand for airboards.Li: 2022H1 high-end Māori products at 21% and 1 pc on a year-on-year basis continue to optimize the structure of the product.
Aluminium 22q2 has fallen by $1650 per ton, power pits in Tungzhou have increased by $80 per ton, oil cauldron prices have risen by $1128 per ton, aluminium oxide prices have been flat, aluminium prices have fallen, power coal, oxidation Qiuzu
Aluminium prices are strong and the smelting end profits are high, but due to the higher-end share of the company ' s products and the implementation of q2 compared to s010,521,211 billion dollars, mainly because the volume of the company ' s products rises, fees and taxes (+258 million dollars), mainly because of the people.
Currency depreciation against the United States dollar, exchange gains and losses have increased significantly, financial costs - 140 million yuan, a 180 million dollar reduction in the ring; less: Future point: 1 carboard industry has a good pattern of competition and production is accelerating.
Quantified booster performance, product upgrading opening up growth space - high industry barriers, companies being the only ones in the country that can supply motor panels in bulk, except with a well-known new talent 2022/04/02
In addition to the cooperation of the source company, the company is actively promoting the development of domestic mainframes such as BMW and BM, "Dual Carbon 2. "Aluminium in Nansan: Cost Under-Current."
Without a change in performance, the price rises to the historical best profit - 20.8% energy consumption, light quantification is expected to accelerate in the future, motor panel demand space is large, and good competitive patterns will fully benefit the company. The company’s motor panel capacity, 200,000 tons, is in the slope phase, three phases are in the construction phase of 200,000 tons, and
The company can cut the former cannery capacity to the car board, move the production capacity at a promising speed, and the industry has a strong leader. 2 Industrial chains are integrated, with a clear trend towards high-end products. The company forms a complete chain of aluminium industry with a strong material security capability. 1 million tons of oxidized capacity is released in Indonesia, with phase two.
After 1 million tons of equipment has been installed, following the ban on mines in Indonesia, bauxite mines have been supplied with low demand and demand, a net gain of 866 tons of aluminium oxide and a second delivery of 1 million tons after delivery, and two projects are expected to contribute 1.1 billion dollars to the mother’s net gain. The company’s active layout of high-end products, the automobile plate, is the company’s priority development direction, with a capacity of 200,000 tons currently in production and 200,000 tons in construction.
Batteries with a capacity of 310,000 tons, motor panels and batteries continue to climb up the slope, air board requirements are gradually improving, the share of high-value-added products not coming to the company will be further enhanced, the structure will continue to be optimized and profitability enhanced Investment proposals: high-end aluminium production such as company raw material security, main motor panels, aviation plates, batteries etc.
The \triangleright pe is 11 x, 9x and 8x and maintains the \triangleright rating of \triangleright.
The company published its semi-annual report of 2022H1 in 2022: 17.910 billion yuan in operating income, plus 42.8 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother of 1,826 million yuan, or 21.2 per cent in the same year; net profit to the extent of the deduction from the non-return to the mother of the product; and analysis: luxuries in the volume of the product, with a high level of profitability for the Aluminium Oxide in Indonesia
2.12022H1 Performance: Production capacity is gradually released, products are produced with a high yield ratio of end products, mainly integrated production. Companies range from upstream thermal power, aluminium oxide, to midstream electricity, aluminium disassembly, to downstream aluminium processing, industry-wide chain layout, selling chilled products such as terminal motor panels, cans, etc.
2022H1 collected $11.33 billion, an increase of 50.1 per cent, representing 64 per cent of total revenue, 14.1 per cent for aluminium, 9.6 per cent for aluminium oxide in Indonesia, and 9.6 per cent for higher end products.
Batteries released, company high-end products upgraded, structure continued to optimize, and 2022h1 high-end products sold 13%, with an increase of about 2 pct, mainly as a result of the company ' s motor panel energy release, and the demand for airboards was gradually improving.
The total Māori share is 21%, compared to the increase of 1 pct, higher-end Māori is more profitable than sales, and with higher-end product share, the structure of the company’s products continues to be optimized and profitability improved. The fee rate has dropped by 1.7 pct and the net interest rate by 0.9 pct. The cost of 2022h1 is 501 million.
As a result of the current upturn in exchange rates, corporate exchange gains increased. 2022h1 Māori rates, net interest rates of 20.9% and 11.6%, respectively, fell by 4.9 pct and 0.9 pct, mainly because of higher product prices, higher operating income, an increase of 697 million yuan in net operating cash flows, and an increase in asset-liability ratios of 2.4 pct.
The company's cash flow and capital structure both improved, with a net operating cash flow of 2,898 million yuan for 2022h1, an increase of 697 million yuan over the same period, mainly due to increased net profits, 26.6 per cent of the company's assets and liabilities, an increase in the same year, the release of the Aluminium Oxide project in Indonesia and a substantial increase in subsidiary profits.
The net profit from the production of new materials by the parent was $270 million, an increase of 160.6 per cent, or 14.8 per cent of the net profit from the company ' s return; and the net profit from the parent ' s contribution by ptbintanaluminaindonesia, or 433 million yuan, or 16.4 per cent of the net profit from the company ' s return, mainly due to the release of the Aluminium Oxide project in Indonesia, where the supply of bauxite is weak.
2022q2, the net profit ratio of the company's parent has risen significantly, and the ring ratio of the parent's net profit has been broken down, mainly because of the increase in Maori and a marked decrease in costs. The 22q2 ring ratio shows that the main points of gain are the Maori (+155 million yuan), mainly because of the release of the company's motor and battery panels and the need for airboards.
High-end products have increased in volume, fees and taxes (+258 million yuan), mainly due to the devaluation of the renminbi against the United States dollar, the lowering of the price of aluminium, the strengthening of raw materials, and the pressure on profits from electrolytic aluminium smelting. Market demand for future electrolytic aluminium is expected to weaken, and aluminium prices have fallen sharply, with 2022q2 aluminium having fallen by $1650 per ton.
As a result of tight electricity supply and strong power coal prices, the price of power pits in Shandongzhou rose by 80 yuan per ton over the price of the ring, the price of oil coke increased significantly due to production restrictions in the Winter Olympics, combined with high oil prices, supply constraints and large price increases, and the price of oil in Dongming increased by 1128 yuan per ton over the price of the ring; the bauxite mine was affected by the ban on mines in Indonesia and the environmental impact in the country, which was used to feed the country.
The price of imported minerals should be increased by 80 yuan/tonne against the United States dollar, which should be tight. The price of aluminium should be down, the price of power coal and aluminium oxide should be strong, and the profit on the smelting end should be clearly under pressure. The fee-rate ratio should be reduced by 2.4 pct. 2022q2, with the company ' s sales/management costs/financial costs, respectively.
2.4 In the future: Automotive plates are growing, Aluminium Oxide in Indonesia is increasing significantly, and the volume of new energy vehicles is growing rapidly. As new energy vehicles are new and more and more abundant, smart and electric are moving in tandem with higher oil prices, and the market for new energy vehicles expanded rapidly in 2022.
On the top, sales have continued to increase significantly, with a global volume of 4.21 million new energy vehicles selling 2022h1, an increase of 71% compared to the previous year, and 3.18 million new energy vehicles selling in China in January-July 2022, an increase of 117% compared to the previous year. Carboards have a good pattern of competition, with companies producing 200,000 tons each.
In the direction of technology and industry barriers, the company is the only company in the country that can supply motor panels in bulk, with a capacity of 200,000 tons, of which 100,000 tons are in the climb phase, and the company, with its own self-financing of about 2 billion yuan, has again increased its annual capacity of 200,000 tons, and the project is expected to start in 2023.
By that time, the company is expected to own 400,000 tonnes per year, double the capacity to match the high speed of a new energy vehicle, a well-selled new energy car company with good demand. As the leader of a domestic car, the company, in addition to working with a well-known new energy car mainframe, is actively promoting new energy sources, new energy sources, new energy sources in the North, and new energy sources in the North.
Audi, Dalem, General, BMW, Japanese, modern, etc. clients work together on business cooperation or certification. 2022h1 The well-known new energy vehicle company has 564,000 vehicles sold, an increase of 45.8% compared to the previous year, with 310,000 high-end vehicles sold, an increase of 1.29% compared to the same year, and a strong demand for company cars.
In January-July 2022, S.I. had 212,000 new cars sold, an increase of 66.5% over the same period, limited to capacity, and 61,000 new energy vehicles sold, an increase of 22% over the same period, with a relatively low rate of growth.
Gar, with every 10% reduction in auto self-weight, cars can be reduced by 6 to 8% of energy, and light quantification is expected to accelerate in the future, especially in the case of electric cars pursuing further mileage, and the need for light quantification is even more pressing. A well-known new energy vehicle company, as an electric vehicle, leads the industry, is in the direction of the future of electric cars, and is now using aluminium alloys for the company ' s board to quantify lightly.
A comparison of the routes indicates that other electric cars in the future are also expected to follow the company in switching to the four aluminium alloys, with large space for motor panels, full growth in the future industry, high technical barriers, high investment, a good pattern of competition in the industry, and companies, as industry leaders, fully benefiting from rapid growth in the industry in the future.
In addition to the rapid expansion of the high-end output of the motor panels, the aluminium, battery, battery, battery, battery, battery, battery, battery, battery, battery, battery, battery, battery, battery, battery, battery, battery, and other domestic head-cutters such as Ninder, Biade, and Goko, the company has lithium batteries.
In terms of the airboard, the company basically downstream covers Boeing, Airfarers, Middle Business Flyers, etc., the main plant customers, high airboard quality, long certification cycles, high industry barriers, and, in the future, large national aircraft.
The implementation of the c919 project is expected to generate strong domestic demand for airboard replacements, and companies will benefit fully. Automotive panels, batteries, and airboards will require a lot of space in the future, companies will also be active in the production of high-end products, and the share of high-end products will increase further in the future with the release of capacity, and the product structure will continue to optimize.
The Aluminium Oxide project in Indonesia has a high level of profitability and is expected to contribute 1.1 billion yuan net to the mother after the completion of phase II. The company’s Aluminium Oxide project, with a combined capacity of 2 million tons and a production capacity of 1 million tons in September 2021, is now fully operational.
Tens of thousands of tons of aluminium oxide production capacity, about 500,000 tons sold in the first half of the year, and 866 tons of net profit, far higher than in the country.The second phase of the project has progressed steadily, with the installation of equipment, which was 64 per cent complete by the end of June 2022, and is expected to be completed next year, taking into account the greater profitability of the first period and the ban on bauxite exports.
After that, there will be a surplus of bauxite in Indonesia, and it is expected that the Aluminium Oxide II project will remain relatively profitable, with Indonesia's 2 million tons Aluminium Oxide project expected to make a net profit of 1.1 billion after the completion of phase II.3 Profit forecasting and investment proposals
Aluminium smelting, processing integration, processing end-products, the company ' s main end-products are carboards, cans and aluminum, and we choose a share for integrated production, the main aluminium-plated Ming Thai industry, the main car, aluminium squeezers, downstream vehicle-based Asia-Pacific technology, and the main aluminum, aluminium straps, product-to-new energy.
New material from the origin track, as a comparable company. Aluminium straps and aluminum in the aluminium industry with 2022h1 beryllium and aluminum straps are split between $12.25 billion and $2,466 million, representing 77.69 per cent and 15.93 per cent of total revenue, respectively. Asia-Pacific Aluminium materials, sticks, tubes, casting rods, etc., earns $1,172 million, $892 million, etc., respectively.
758 million yuan and 218 million yuan gross revenue, or 37.26 per cent, 28.34 per cent, 24.10 per cent and 6.93 per cent, respectively;
For 11 times, and with a good competitive pattern in the autoboard industry, the company operates more robustly, so we think that the company's value level has room for upgrading. Companies have a strong material security capability, and high-end aluminium products like the main car board, the aeroboard, the battery platter, and so on, along with the car.
The price of raw materials is expected to rise significantly in 2022-2024. The company’s powered coal from its own power plant, and the price of powered coal from its own power plant, will rise dramatically, affecting the cost of its own power plant and adversely affecting the company’s profits.
The company has more capacity planning, which can have a negative impact on the company’s profits if some of the projects are put into operation and progress towards completion is delayed by external factors. 3) Downstream demand is not as high as expected. Companies have more projects under construction, and production capacity continues to grow if downstream markets open.
The company ' s financial statement projections are summarized by the company ' s financial statements, as a result of difficulties or less than anticipated demand, resulting in an underutilization of the company ' s productive capacity and an increase in the amortization of the single ton of depreciation, resulting in increased costs and a reduction in production over time.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.