Chc and prescription drugs go hand in hand, and prospects for sustained growth can be expected: 1) Equity Incentives issued by companies in 2021, Multidimensional Equity Incentives for Growth Assessment Program
Dynamic energy; 2) The company ' s 39 brands are well-known and will still have some scope for raising prices in the future, while Chc operates as a business explorer in which the Chinese pharmaceutical formulation income reaches 3 billion tons and is expected to continue to grow at an accelerated pace, with a limited annual equity incentive scheme (draft) to award 9,789,000 shares to the target audience, accounting for the plan ' s announcement.
. ..39 brands have a high level of awareness, and Chc's business continues to expand its market boundaries. The company's Chc operations cover a wide range of products, including cold medicine, gastrointestinal medicine, dermatology medicine, coughing and platinum, etc., and the company's “999” series of brand values are scarce, market recognition is high, and will continue to expand as the product lines continue to expand and the final fabric will continue to expand in the future.
The Bureau speeded up the process, the marketing model was new, and the 999 series of star brands still had the potential to raise prices, and the profits were growing with greater certainty. Unlike the traditional otc limitations on medicines, the chc covered a broader business landscape, with companies now expanding to a large health field and with a wide scope for future growth.
• The transformation of prescription operations, where Chinese formulation particles are expected to become a new growth point. The company’s prescription operations are constantly restructuring the product structure, where the share of Chinese injectors is declining over the years, and the share of anti-infection and other specialized drugs is continuing.
Larger market space for formulation granular operations, more regulated industry, higher barriers to entry, companies as early starters with greater advantages in product layout and quality, corporate equity incentives issued in the course of the year, and greater certainty in future performance.
Large, brand-strong and promising to maintain faster growth, while Chinese prescription particles are expected to become new growth points, with a one-chan group under the flag of Chec and prescription drug taps 1.1 large state-owned controlled pharmaceutical platforms, leading the Chinese pharmaceutical health industry
Huo Yun San is a Chinese medicine and otc platform under the flag of Hua Yu Medical Group, with chc self-diagnosis and rx prescriptions as core areas of operation. Chc self-diagnosis covers nearly 10 categories of cold, paediatric, skin, gastrointestinal, or osteoporology... and actively extends to health management and rehabilitation of slow-disease management products; the company’s prescription drug operations focus on tumours, cardiovascular vascular, digestion, etc.
Systems, orthotics, paediatrics, etc. are at the forefront of the domestic market. The company has concentrated its resources on the development of core products, creating a series of professional brands such as 999 “Cream Medicines” and “Houses” and “Skin Medicines.” 1.1.1 Shareholders are fully empowered, with a strong health industry at the bottom.
In December 1999, it was delinked from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade and placed under central control. In 2003, it was placed under the direct supervision of the State Treasury under the Ministry of State.
The main businesses cover six major areas: large consumption, integrated energy, urban construction, high health, industrial finance, technology and new industries, with 25 business units, one immediate agency, nearly 2,000 real enterprises, and many listed companies in the interior and Hong Kong.
In the new world’s 500th highest ranking, the China-Lion Group ranks 69th.Figure 1: The China-Lun Pharmaceuticals Group Ltd. is a conglomerate of pharmaceuticals, health product R & D, production, distribution and retailing.
It's a strategic business module under Hua Yun, China Yun Medicine, China Yun Pharmaceuticals Business Group, Inc.,