Events: 28 April, corporate first-quarter 2023 report and associated transactions announcement, corporate quarter, energy for mining (600188)
The realization of operating income of 4.442 billion yuan, or 7.82 per cent of the year; the return to the mother ' s net profit of $5.652 billion; the control of the same division, i.e. 51 per cent of the ownership of the mines in Rusi and 51 per cent of the Xinjiang, and the transfer price of 264.31 cents of the year ' s output of coal, which is expected to continue unabated throughout the year.
In the first quarter of 2023, the company achieved business income of $27,916 million, or +10.8 per cent, mainly due to the extreme weather and labour shortages affecting the open coal mine in Luang Coal and the fact that some of the coal mines in the company are affected by sub-well production and geological conditions.
By keeping production year-round constant at 31 million to 36 million tonnes, we expect a significant recovery in coal production over the next three quarters as open-air mining progresses. Companies sell their own coal at 2,237,000 tonnes, i.e. 12%, and sell their own coal at a unit price of $1066 ton, i.e. + 14%;
Cost of self-produced coal sales is 477 yuan per ton, compared to +23.8%; rate of self-produced coal is 55%, down by 4 pct from the same period last year. The increase in the price of home-grown coal is mainly due to a rise in the price of coal sold in Australia and Shandong. The increase in the cost of home-grown coal is mainly due to a decline in commercial coal production.
As a result of the fall in the price of chemical products, the revenue of the coal industry fell in the first quarter of the year. In the first quarter of 2023, the public industry earned $6 billion, or -82 per cent, of the revenue from the coal industry and $5.16 billion in operating costs.
At a cost of $1933 per ton, the sales of methanol increased significantly in the same year to 6.3%, and the sales improved marginally.
The company intends to acquire 51 per cent of the ownership of Rusi mines for $18.32 billion, with an authorized capacity of 19 million tonnes/year, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. with an equity capacity of 9.669 million tonnes/year. By the end of 2022, each of the seven mines under Rusi mines had been established.
For the production of mines, coals are gas, coal, coal, and coal in one third, with a resource reserve of 2,589 million tons, with an authorized capacity of 19 million tons/year.
In the amount of 1,1348,000 tons, the main reasons for the failure to produce the authorized capacity are the New Dragon Coal Mine (threshold pressure), the Liang Po Temple Coal Mine (a security accident, resumed production in June 2022) and Tangguchi Coal, which is worth more than RMB 3.25 billion in net profit to the mother, and R$ 9.41 billion in interest to the mother ' s shareholders at the end of the year.
Hundreds of millions of yuan, including $3.8 billion in annual net return earnings, will be compensated in cash if they do not. Coal production in the central and eastern parts of the country is now declining, and the company's current acquisition of the Luzi mine has secured high-quality and scarce coal resources in the Shandong region, and the company's future quality and scarcity of coal.
The company intends to buy 51% of Xinjiang’s equity with $8.11 billion, an approved capacity of 20.89 million tonnes/year, and an equity capacity of 10.65 million tonnes/year. As of the end of 2022, Xinjiang’s coal business was able to subdue.
Five coal mines and 12 prospecting rights, totalling 23.15 billion tons in reserves and 152.6 billion tons in reserves.
For flaring coal, gas gas, non-coal, resource reserves of 39 million tons, storage capacity of 200 million tons, certified capacity of 390,000 tons, no actual mining since the acquisition of the mining licence, an initial framework agreement for external transfer of intent has been signed, and a formal transfer agreement is to be signed by the company pending the planning of the mine.
Twelve rights of prospecting relate to two areas, one to eleven survey areas in Lake Juave, and one open-pit field in the Bay of Wucai four, where coal is planted as non-coalin, long-fired coal, with a resource reserve of 17.398 billion tons, with a capacity of 12.15 billion tons.
(b) An additional 600,000 tons of co-generation ethanol per year has been fully operational and designed to produce annual production capacity.
300,000 tons of synthetic ammonia, 520,000 tons of urea, and 300,000 tons of methanol. In 2022, Xinjiang became operational. Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang pledged to pay off the accumulated net profit from the withdrawal of carbon from the mother in 2023-2025 in cash. Xinjiang is a successor to our important coal resources and a strategic reserve.
In the reserve area, the coal resource development and the coal industry have been growing rapidly in recent years, and the company's acquisition of Xinjiang has made it possible to acquire a rich coal resource with part of the coal industry project, laying a solid foundation for the company to be a strong coal and coal industry.
In the context of a serious collapse in the value of a secondary market, we believe that the value of this acquisition transaction is equal. At present, the value of the second stage coal market is heavily reversed, the first level mining rights market is multipolared with high premiums, and the combined premium rate is high for the eight mining rights traded in March between Yanbei and Ordos.
331%. In terms of the price of the acquired resources alone, the company ' s current acquisition of the Luzi mineral tonnage at $29.25/tonne (at a price premium of 257% relative to the local base price) and the acquisition of the Xinjiang energy ton of 0.69/t (at a discount of 77% compared to the local base price) is lower than the recent transfer of mine rights.
For example, the acquisition of assets is a relatively scarce source of high-quality capital for coal and a new frontier with great potential for development, and the overall acquisition of resources is reasonably priced. We believe that this acquisition is based on the medium- and long-term development of the enterprise, which is a company that implements the Development Strategy Framework and promotes a high-quality transformation.
An important development initiative, a solid step towards planning a target of 300 million tons of coal production and 20 million tons of chemical production, will continue to build up in the future with the steady advancement of the Development Strategy Framework, the acquisition of group-quality coal resources and assets such as coal industry through asset acquisition, and the future growth of non-spaces.
Profit forecasting and rating: In the energy cycle-driven coal supply shortage cycle, we expect high domestic and foreign coal prices to remain high over the next three to five years. As domestic production continues to release, the group’s shareholders’ high-quality asset injections and deepening of employee equity incentives under state-owned reforms continue.
Mineral energy is expected to grow towards a “world-class clean energy provider.” We predict a transformation strategy for corporate growth space and future development, and maintain a corporate “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: short-term impacts of changes in domestic and foreign energy policies; and macroeconomic failures, both domestic and foreign
Or a recovery that is far below expectations; the risk of a major coal safety accident; the injection of company assets into the process of force majeure; Dr. Zhok Ming, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consultant (investment) engineer, also serving as Ninda Energy in China
Member of the Advisory Board of Experts, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, for more than 10 years in the fields of coal, charcoal and energy-related research and research, and for over a decade in the course of the “13th Five” National Project on Coal Survey and Development, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice, joined in June 2016 with the Sunda Securities Research Institute.
From 2019 to the present, Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Nanjing University of Finance, and the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, are responsible for research on large energy plates such as coal, electricity, and natural gas.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of the Second Class of the China Coal Industries Group. He worked for many years in coal production, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 and worked in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity research.
Xianxin, Master of Finance, Australian National University, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the coal and electricity sectors. Oh Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for coal.
In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the petrochemical sector.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.