Income performance continues to outpace expectations, and global share expansion accelerates events: companies publish a quarterly report in 2024. Companies in 2024q1 achieved revenues of $1,841 million, and \triangleright
On the domestic market, according to the Ovi Clouds data, the public \triangleright Division sold 420 million yuan, or +29.9 per cent, on the land-cleaning line in q1 in 2024.
The rapid growth in consumption demand from overseas and the competitiveness and brand image of the company’s products have been further recognized and upgraded, and the external market has continued to grow. Meanwhile, the company’s off-shore route broke out in October 2023, and North America has successfully entered the retail giant target channel, its share of the future North American market.
The Māori rate has increased significantly and the profitability has improved.
It is expected that this will be mainly an increase in revenue from high-morigin channels. 2024q1 sales/management/research and development/financial costs.
The global share continues to rise, with a rapid increase in revenue growth and the potential for a sustained expansion of the market share.
Global competitive advantage, with the rise in the share of national production poles represented by stone technology, Kovos, etc., from 1% in 2017, 11% in 2020, 9% in 2020, 17%. With national production, 3. Rock technology (688169.sh), the semi-annual reporting point for 2023.
\triangleright 023: q1 internal and external sales burden, quiet
5. Rocks and Technology (688169.sh) 2022: We keep looking at the long-term growth potential of the market for land sweeps and the continued expansion of the company ' s share in the global market, \triangleright.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.