Stone technology (688169.sz) Cho Xudong's profits doubled in 24q1 and the subsequent release of new items will support the increase in profits.
Performance overview: The company earned $1.84 billion in q1 in 2024, y0y+58.7 per cent, recording a net gain of $40 million from the mother, and we estimate that the growth in corporate revenue was largely driven by overseas operations. In 2023, the company made a number of advances through overseas channels, including the arrival of more than 180 resort shops in the United States of America, the break-through of French lines, and the opening of French lines.
Given the high profile of overseas products of the public administration, 24q1 companies have achieved significant gains in corporate profitability: the Māori rate of 24q1 is 56.5%, an increase of 6.7 pcts, compared with 6.7 pcts.
We estimate that this is mainly due to a high Māori ratio of income from overseas operations. On the cost side, the cost rate for the company fell by 1.54 pcts to 33.3 per cent, disaggregated by sales, management, R & D, financial fees, product combinations.
Smart ground sweepers and accessories show a net interest rate of 18.6 per cent, an increase of 4.6 pcts on the same year, and the company’s profitability is high, with 24q2 selling volumes, both within and outside the country, and the harvest is expected to grow rapidly.
The second quarter is a season of domestic sales, and in view of the fact that the company's new product is off-loaded in March, we see that the company's new product is expected to be released at shopping festivals like “618” and that the company's domestic business revenues will grow rapidly. In terms of overseas operations, the company is already on the US-Asia front.
The platform has a share of more than irobot, and new breakthroughs have been made through offline channels, with new sku entering 1,000 shops in Target and promising to infiltrate some of the irobot channels. The company’s new product ss8maxvoltra/s8maxultra is already on the overseas market, selling it at a high price.
1799/1599. With the expansion of channels in overseas markets, we believe that the company’s overseas operations will be geared towards a rapid increase in sales of new goods, both within and outside the country, and that the company will be given “buy-in” investment. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.