Rocks and technology: q1 revenue performance exceeded expectations and profitability continued to increase Events: q1 achieved operating income of 1,841 million yuan, +58.69 per cent, +399 million yuan, +95.23 per cent, +342 million yuan net profit, same
Rowanyang has seen a significant increase in the share of the city under the domestic line, and the foreign market has contributed more. q1 shares the same amount of sales on the domestic land-cleaning robot line, according to the Oviyunrose data.
+21.3 per cent, +82.1 per cent, 24m1-3 stone sales on the domestic land sweep robot line reached 18.6 per cent, 21.2 per cent, 21.4 per cent, almost the same as in 23 years, and the lower line was Yoon Sung-dee.
q1 Māori increased significantly, and profitability continued to improve. 24q1 achieved 56.49% Māori, compared to 6.65 ptt. We think q1 Māori.
The main reasons for this significant increase are: 1) the ratio of high Māori revenue to the same Piti in the overseas market; 2) the firm has been active in re-engineering the product structure, with high unit prices, high Māori product sales as a percentage or q1 sales, management, R & D, and financial cost rates, respectively, in terms of cost rates.
-0.18 pct, 1.67 pct, -0.79 pct, 1.09 pct. Ultimately, q1 companies achieved a net return on their mother ' s profits — sufficient monetary funds and a significant increase in net operating cash flows. 1) Currency funds + transactional financial assets at the end of 24q1 totalled $5.76 billion, compared to the beginning of the period -
We believe that this is mainly due to an increase in cash inflows as a result of the growth in corporate revenue. Profit forecasts: we look at the multi-priced, multi-channel layout of stone technology as a cleaning utility tap, and the company’s adjustment to overseas channels is expected to continue to boost corporate income and performance.
Sinda Securities Co., Ltd., Ltd., should be 19.8/17.1/15.1 times.
The risk factors are: price volatility of raw materials, under-required demand at home and abroad, under-research and development of new products, higher income dependency in the monolithic category, increased competition in the industry, exchange rate fluctuations, etc.
In July 2020, he joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, a double master ' s degree in domestic electricity, a bachelor ' s degree in finance from the University of Foreign Economics and Trade, and a double degree in Spanish.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.