Zhao Xudong's equity incentive to motivate employees and increase revenue from the sale of two powerful companies, both internally and externally
The equity holdings plan is intended to hold no more than 170,000 shares (repurchase of shares, or 0.13 per cent of total equity), and for a core of 36 employees of the company, including the general manager of the company, the target is 2024-2027 equity incentives, the equity holdings plan is to motivate the workforce: the core products of the company include sweep robots,
Cleaning appliances, such as land washing machines, are technology-intensive, euphemistic and fast products, and companies have a higher demand for innovation, R & D, and marketing talent. The stock incentive scheme and the business partner's shareholding scheme specifically target company management, technocrats, and business staff, highlighting the company's ability to build and sustain.
The core talent team attaches great importance to it. Despite the relatively low degree of difficulty in setting performance targets, we believe that this incentive will enhance team competitiveness by fully mobilizing the motivation of the core workforce.
The company's internal and external sales have been mixed, and revenue growth is expected to continue faster: the company's business earnings have remained relatively high in recent years, but we believe that it will continue to grow faster: on the one hand, in 2024, there was a marked recovery in the domestic land-cleaning machinery, and the cumulative sales on the January-May line were yoy + 31.1 per cent, with an increase in average prices on the same basis.
After breaking through the U.S. line, the company managed to get into the bottom of the bestbuy line, leading domestic firms in the construction of overseas channels. In 2023, the company earned 49% of its overseas revenues, and with the break in the line line, added up the S8 series, which was priced more than US$ 1,600.
They believe that the company’s overseas operations will rise at a much higher price, and that the firm’s revenues will grow faster. Equity prices will be 20, 18, and 15 times higher, respectively, and we believe that the company’s revenues will continue to grow rapidly, giving the company “buy-in” investment advice.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.