Global dives are more than expected - 24-year-old rock technology reviews, investment ratings: buy-in (maintenance)
The 24q1 income profit is expected to be higher than the 23-year-old report. The 24q1 over-expected core comes from the growth in sales.
There will be an incremental contribution from the new g and v series, and we will analyse: growth in the European region is due to fine operation and the new Amazon camps in Europe, growth in the North American region is the result of high growth in the online Amazon and the U.S. under-growth channels, and growth sources in the Asia-Pacific region.
The share of the company is the highest in the North American Amazon city of 24q1, followed by the second in 23q4. Profit analysis: marginally viewed profitability is stable.
The 24q1 Māori ratio is equal to the +6.6 pct ring ratio, with net interest rates equal to +4.1 pct ring ratio -1.6 pct, and overall profitability is stable (mainly from the net interest rate floor, where the company controls the channels separately, and profit fluctuations are derived from structural changes).
We analyse the main reasons for improved profitability as follows: 1. Māori increase, resulting from higher Māori brand new products and an increase in overseas share, resulting in structural improvements; 2. Four cost ratios combined -1.5 pct, with a slight decline in the profit ring owing to a significant increase in R&D rates, mainly for short-term sections
Our point: 24 years of expanding domestic prices + global drilling with export dividends The company has performed well for the fourth quarter of a row since 23q2.
The domestic roll-out of p10s was the first time that the three series of p-v-g had low or medium coverage, resulting in a more complete matrix of new products than before, and a change in the top-of-the-ground cleaning machines and channels from overseas. 24q1 has a low base effect, q2 of which can be seen in the concentration of a large number of new products at home and abroad.
The growth in income generated by the city, with overseas viewing points in Europe + US + US + Asia + Asia & the Pacific + opening up global share space.  Profit predictions: Given the over-intensity of overseas expectations, we have slightly revised the year-round profit forecast.
Professional baccalaureate, with more than a decade of experience in securities practice, has served in China, China, China, Pakistan, Anshin, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, China, China, China, China, China, China, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan,
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.