The global share continues to rise, with a rapid increase in revenue \triangleright; a net return profit of $2.05 billion, an increase of 73.3 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of $1.83 billion.
This represents a 52.5% increase. 2023q4 yields $2.97 billion, an increase of 32.6% in the same year; net return shares continue to rise, and overseas markets accelerate. On overseas markets, benefiting from the rapid growth of overseas consumption, and the competitiveness and brand image of the company’s products are further recognized and enhanced, and companies are encouraged to do so.
At the same time, in October, when the company's offline route broke out, North America has successfully entered the retail giant target channel, which is important for the company's future share of the North American market and its ability to make a profit. On the domestic market, according to Oviyun, the company's 23-year retail sales are on the line.
The ocean coiled with a 3,000-bit series of new products, which was successfully achieved in exchange for the price.
In the medium-to-long term, the land sweep track is still growing globally, and the rock is available at the three-quarterly reporting points in 2023.
The potential for a sustained expansion of the market share. The global competitive advantage of the production poles, the supply chain, and the pace of iterative innovation, is represented by the rise in the share of the world’s production poles, such as stone technology and Coves, 2. Rock technology, semi-annual reporting point 2023.
Branding has been further improved in overseas market channels, brand influence has been further expanded, and overseas shares are expected to hold the first quarter of 023: q1 internal and external burdening, \triangleright \triangleright
Keeping an eye on the long-term growth of the market and the potential of companies to expand their share in the global market, maintaining the methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, presenting the present report independently and objectively, and being responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.