Large-scale liquid crystal panel promoted to the top, soft-led screen, 5 September 2017, the company's long-term deep-drawn owner and leader of the continental panel industry.
The company’s business consists of displays, smart systems, and health services. Of these, displays, which are the focus of the company’s business, are the basis for the company’s two other businesses.
Zhang Xin has entered the world's first echelon. The company has formed a complete business structure that is dominated by lcd cash flow operations, and the next stage of the organization's growth.
The panel industry, characterized by its high technology requirements and high capital input requirements, has created a race for competition. In addition, the panel industry has a clear cyclical nature.
The characteristics of the sex-combined industry cycle, followed by the market, followed by direct competition, are often important ways for panel firms to change the pattern of industrial competition, and then to bend over. The low LCD cycle in the late stages of the financial crisis provides catch-up opportunities for continental panel producers.
Kyoto East is the largest beneficiary of the shift of the panel industry to continental capacity in the post-crisis period. As of 2016, companies made a leap in many of the lcd downstream areas, such as smartphones, tablets, etc.
The industry has gone through a shuffle period, and in the second half of 2016, there has been a reversal of supply and demand, with price and panel demand coming mainly from multiple sources. First, the demand for panel volume increases directly due to the increase in the volume of downstream products.
The development of the new downstream demand sector has also become an important way to increase demand. Since 2016, the supply side of the panel has begun to tighten, mainly for three reasons: the three-star manufacturers.
Selecting to increase the layout strength on the old, the resource allocation began to tilt towards it; Sharp's cutting off the three stars, Hae-shin, stopped the supply; and lcd production capacity was also affected by natural disasters, such as the 2016 earthquake in Taiwan. On the basis of optimized supply and demand structures and rising prices, the company's lcd operations were also fully depreciated by the old line.
oled is entering the phase of a definitive outbreak, and the import phase is driving a new round of corporate growth. While the firm is entering the long-term supply-and-demand phase, the firm’s niche is clearly high, and it is hoped that it will hold.
It is expected that by 2019, when the company's line of Xiangyangoled is launched, Kyoto East will be the world's second-largest-largest-lod panel. The company's industrial chain will have a strong capacity to integrate and pool the most advantageous resources up and down.
The most performing key equipment is the metal mask and plating machine. In downstream demand, relying on the largest consumer electronics market, the company ' s lcd panel is already in a customer supply chain system, and the entry of the product is to be expected.
▪ Valuation and investment advice. An historical average valuation level. First-time coverage gives a “buy-in” rating. lcd panel price performed less than expected; panel industry supply and demand did not perform as expected; and new input line
Progress is not as good as expected; the use of the oled product is not as good as expected. 1 Kyoto East: Lead of the continental panel business.
Web technology, products and service providers, with core operations including display devices, smart systems, and three blocks of health services. In a few large operations, displays are the focus of the company’s business and the basis for the company’s two other operations. The main products of the company’s displays are tft-lcd and amoled.
At present, most of the production capacity of the company is in the process of being built. Most of the business that can contribute directly to the company’s performance is the lcd business. The business of the company, as the crown jewel of the panel industry, is the strategic direction of the company’s active deployment, which will be released in the second half of this year and will benefit the company’s performance.
The annual number of new patent applications reached 7570, an increase of 23% over the same year, with a cumulative total of over 50,000 patents available, continuing to be in the forefront of the industry. The leading indicator of global innovation, Townsend Reuters ' s Global Innovation Report 2016, shows that the East of Kyoto has become the second largest innovation company in the semiconductor world.
In 2016, for example, the three-fee ratio of the Tokyo East to the China-based panel industry is extremely important. Given the technology-intensive and capital-intensive nature of the panel industry, the industry is bound to be at a high threshold. In fact, the company’s main competitors are other countries or countries.
This is bound to be a competition not only between firms, but also between firms in the country. The competition of firms in the panel sector is often labelled by the state.
A study of Kyoto East means a study of the continental panel industry. From the perspective of the country-to-country transformation of the panel industry, we look at the growth process and the industries that the mainland East has experienced in the face-to-face country competition scene.
2.1 The industry has a wide range of downstream applications, and future growth can be expected to show a wide range of downstream applications. The demand at this stage is concentrated on television, computers, smart phones, etc., with the largest share of medium-sized television panels, accounting for about 78% of the demand for the entire lcd panel.
From auto-electronics, industrial controls, intelligent medicine, etc.. With the spread of the Internet and the continued growth of the network, screens, as the most important means of human interaction, are being marketed as the number of end-of-pipe devices and the size of the display area increases. In terms of technology, panels can be divided into two categories: active and passive. Passive panels require backs.
Light support, mainly the lcd panel. The active display panel includes the following types of oled, pdp, fed, among others, which now has the highest temperature: oled, which can be broken down into am-oled and pm-oled. The ccd panel can also be broken down into tft-lcd, va-lcd, ips-lcd, etc., depending on the panel ' s technical approach.
cpa-lcd subcategories. In addition, based on the material used by the lcd panel, it can be divided into a-si, igzo, ltps and cgs. The production technology of the oled is not yet mature and is currently mainly applied in the area of small-scale displays.
According to more than 90 per cent of the market share. 2.2 LCD cycle dynamic, historical evolution of the pattern of industrial competition.
Participating firms are both the decision makers and the recipients of the outcome of the game. Depending on the industry’s external environment and the enterprise’s own qualifications, firms can choose strategies to follow, or they can choose strategies to attack, with each playing a different role in the structure of the industry and being affected by them.
The evolution of competition in the panel sector is also similar to the overall evolution of the pattern of competition in the industry, in addition to its unique character: competition in the panel industry is an oligarchic game between giants, and competition for market voice by firms is crucial and plays a decisive role in self-profits.
There is a clear cyclicality in the development of the liquid crystal industry. As in the case of the normal cycle industries, when new market demand is opened, the industry will have a rising cycle of supply oversupply, attracting new entrants. The rapid expansion of production capacity as a result of competitive investment leads to excess production, lower prices, and industrial recession. But unlike in the general cyclical sector: the excess capacity of the panels.
To create more market demand, the falling cost of the product has led to an expansion of its application, again pulling the industry to the point where the competitive characteristics of the oligarchy overlap with the cyclical characteristics of the industry, followed by the market, followed by direct competition, and investment in the back-of-the-week period is often an important way for the panel to change the pattern of industrial competition and then overstep the path of the industry.
LCD technology originated in the United States, but because American firms did not push their products to the market, it was basically an early start and a late start. In the 1960’s, U.S. Wireless began to use LCD for displaying technology.
It was completely missed because of its failures in application and strategic layout. Between the 1980’s and the early 1990’s, Japan built up technology through long learning from American research, leading the process of industrializing liquid crystal panels.
Mass production lines have been built, 21 of which are in Japan. Meanwhile, the industrial accompaniment capacity of the Japanese panel industry has been developed strongly, with at least one competitive Japanese enterprise in each of the industrial chains, with a significantly stronger supply chain than in other countries.
In the mid-90s, Korean firms began to enter. From the beginning of the layout to the volume production to the profit, Korean panels experienced a painful process of industrial energy accumulation. In terms of technology, Korean panels mainly use self-study and two legs to walk in Japan: advanced equipment is used in experimental production lines as a learning platform to develop their capacity to produce mass: established in Japan.
Research and development institutions, taking advantage of the recession in industry, employ unemployed Japanese engineers to build up their research and development capabilities. The three-star LCD operation suffered a continuous loss of seven years from 1990 to 1997, with an average annual loss of $100 million between 1991 and 1994, and the lig LCD from 1987 to 1994, with an average annual loss of $53 million.
The panel industry was critical to offensive counter-cyclical investment during beach raiding. The entire global panel industry went into recession from 1995 to 1996, and, against the backdrop of its continuing losses, Korean firms opted for a countercyclical, large-scale investment in new production lines.
The next counter-cyclical investment strategy was the decisive investment of billions of dollars in building large-scale liquid crystal panel production lines. After that, the Korean panel industry entered the harvest period. In 1999, panel producers such as Samsung, lig, Modern Group, etc., continued to receive billions of dollars of long-term bills. Three stars accounted for 18.8 per cent of the global LCD market, ranked first; and the lg reached 16.2 per cent.
In 1988, the Taiwan Institute of Industry and Technology began to close the tft-lcd technology almost simultaneously with the Samsung of Korea. The massively produced liquid crystal panel in Korea quickly took over the Taiwan electricity sub-terminal replacement market, causing Japan’s firms’ share in the Taiwan market to fall sharply.
As a countermeasure to the transfer of technology to Taiwan’s enterprises, a total of six Taiwan-owned enterprises were successively licensed to Japan, thus entering the large-scale tft-lcd industry, which is also known as the “Taiwan tft-lcd industrial year.” With the success of countercyclical investment strategies, Taiwan’s panel market has gradually outperformed Japan, making it the second largest in the world.
South Korean and Taiwanese businesses have led to a massive increase in panel output through aggressive strategic expansion and continuous intergenerational upgrading, increasing value for money and economies of scale for their products and driving downstream demand. The excess LCD cycle has been accompanied by lcd applications ranging from initial spreadsheets, calculators to subsequent laptop computers, monitors, mobile phones, cameras, etc.
Public displays, large-scale LCD televisions and so on. The application area and the application size are constantly increasing, and the cyclical excess of lcd can be described as the most powerful driving force.
In the 1960s, the U.S. Rca Safno Center discovered dynamic scattering liquid crystals; Western House Electric found distorted photo-column LCD monitors.
In the 1970s, Sharp, Japan, obtained approval from rca for dynamic scattering liquid crystals; stn-lcd technology was developed in Japan, and applied to spreadsheets, calculators, etc. In the 1980s, the tn-stn simple matrix lcd evolved towards tft-lcd.
For LCD prototypes, 1990-1995, Japanese enterprises constructed tft-lcd 1st and 2nd generation; in 1992, non-silic silift-lcd colour screens appeared.
In 2000, Korean and Chinese companies in Taiwan took the lead in building a four-generation line to replace Japan’s dominance. Cell phones, desktop monitors, and Sharp completed the first six-generation line in 2004 and Samsung completed the first seven-generation line in 2005.
Large-scale LCD television was completed in 2006 with the first 8-generation line in Sharp; in 2009 with the first 10-generation line in Sharp.
Decisively; in the next upswing of the continental panel industry, companies have emerged as the largest beneficiaries of the panel import substitution because of their central position in the electronic information industry, which has become a sector that the State will have to develop.
Which countries do industrial upgrading, usually starting with downstream terminal brands, reaping substantial tax, employment and business profits, building up brand market shares, and then supporting medium- and upper-end component manufacturers, gradually expanding upstream to generate more profits in the industry chain. There are currently domestic terminal brands of hov millimeter (smart phone), association (notebook), Heim.
The panels of downstream industry companies show that they account for about 60% of the cost of a television set, 20% of the cost of a smartphone, and are critical to the voice of the entire industry chain.
Until 2000, China’s work on tft-lcd was limited to the basic research work of scientific institutes. After that, mainland enterprises began to move to the industry by introducing production lines, joint ventures, etc.
The continent’s liquid sheeting industry, which began to industrialize on a scale in 2005, has developed over several years, building up its capacity to invest against the cycle. In 2008, the global financial crisis pre-empted the LCD-up cycle that began in 2007.
The major Japanese manufacturers, represented by Sharp and Sony, have also stopped their expansion, and Sharp experienced his first losses since his listing in fiscal year 2008, amounting to $1.3 billion. The Taiwan panel industry is heavily dependent on Japan and China for purchase orders, and the financial crisis has dropped sharply.
A new round of the LCD cycle provides a catch-up opportunity for continental panel producers. Starting in 2009, a large-scale, multi-generational build-up of mainland panel enterprises, represented by the Kyoto side, began with a strategic offensive.
Thanks to large-scale counter-cyclical investment and the rise of national end-use brands in enterprises like Tokyo East, global liquid crystal panel production can continue to shift from Japan, Korea, and Taiwan to the mainland, and the continent’s panel market is rising. In 2016, the share of continental manufacturers increased to 28%, the second largest in the world.
In addition to quantitative breakthroughs, large-scale production start-up time gaps between mainland, Taiwan, and South Korea’s equivalent generations are closing. Continental enterprises were the first to develop five generations, two years behind Taiwan, and three years behind Korea.
Five generations start with post-partum, with losses in the following year, and a blow to investment confidence in the liquid crystal panel industry is actually a reflection of the process of industrial accumulation of continental firms in the panel industry. In the late stages of the financial crisis, continental producers began to produce new production lines and gradually reduce the gap with other countries.
As an absolute leader of the domestic panel industry, Kyoto East was the largest beneficiary of the shift of the panel industry to continental capacity in the post-financial crisis period. From 2009 to date, Kyoto East has opened eight production lines as a reverse cycle for mainland panel producers.
By 2016, companies had the highest volume of goods going down the lcds, including smartphones and flatboard computers. Back from the largest end-use markets, the panel shift logic, supported by national industrial planning, will continue.
In 2016, for example, the top ten smart-man domestic firms in the world held seven seats, with an overall market share of more than 40%. Companies are technologically closing the gap with the world’s first-tier team, with economies of scale and government resource matching emerging advantages.
3 Cash flow business: supply-demand reversal plus multiple benefits, lcd profit recovery, long-term accumulation and large-scale investment, and the Kyoto East is moving from volume to quality to the front stage. After gaining a competitive edge in the chain of industry, it is the next profit that can bring a firm real profit.
3.1 Demand in the immediate term remains low and looks forward to the future rise of the LCD cycle. From the perspective of the LCD cycle, downstream demand is not yet on the rise and the market is still at a low demand point. In 2016, for example, the growth rate of the global panel is only around 6 per cent.
In general, the incremental demand for panels comes from three main sources. First, the incremental demand for face-to-face numbers, directly caused by the rise in the volume of downstream products, is due mainly to the increase in product penetration and the replacement of products.
In addition to incremental space in the number and size of panels, the development of new downstream demand industries has become an important way of increasing demand for panels. For example, developments in the direction of vehicle monitors, electronics that can be worn, and smart homes will expand the application of panels.
In the case of television panels, for example, demand accounts for about 80% of the total demand downstream of lcd, and the increase is mainly due to the trend towards big screens. According to a group of resource persons, the global LCD panels produced 258 million pieces in 2016, a drop of 2.5% compared to the previous year; the size of the boards increased by 8% compared to the same time.
The demand for the inch panel has entered a high growth period. The average size of the global television panel in 15 years is about 40.6 inches, rising to 42.7 in 16 years, an increase of about 5%, the highest growth rate in nearly four years. The volume of television delivery is now largely stable, but there is still much room for upswing over 40 inches, and the future will continue to be accompanied by large-size television panels, which are expected to be global in 2017.
The demand from the television field will continue to be reflected on the lcd panel, and the impact on it will be extremely limited. Sharp, after comparing 4koled and 4k LCD, believes that it is bright, power-consuming, cost-long.
Credibility, thin-forming, and 4k LCDs have advantages. Compared to emerging oedic technology, LCDs are clearly better at maturity, stability, productivity, and value for money, and the greatest advantage in large-scale displays of these mobile phones is still the trend towards big screens.
The 4-6 inch screens are becoming the standard for smartphones, with large scales showing a steady increase in the stocking of smartphones. According to the first mobile research institute, China's best-selling top20 phones in May 2017 are all above 4.5 in size. In absolute numbers, the penetration rate of smart machines has been high in the last few years.
Growth, with a modest increase of about 2 per cent in the year-on-year delivery in 2016; analysys estimates this low growth trend in the future 16:9 screens in inches after turning to 18:9 screens, as the diagonal stretches to 5.5 inches; similarly, the 16:9 screens in 5.2 inches turn into 5.72 inches of 18:9 screens; and the 16:9 screens in 5.5 inches become 6 inches of 18:9 screens.
With clarity, the full screen will absorb more panel capacity, assuming that the 6.5 inch 16:9 panel is replaced with a 6 inch 18:9 panel, which is equivalent to about 60,000 glass-based panels that can be deactivated by six more generations of panels worldwide a year. The new downstream demand industry has great potential for market development, with the core of waiting for users to grow and lower the cost of downstream products.
Acceptable range. According to the web site, Tristar has started to apply display panels to the construction of high-end cinemas and, for example, to the vehicle system, which, in the context of a high degree of homogenization of the vehicle-car system, incorporates a variety of intelligent tools and entertainment systems with display panels as the main way to increase diversity across the vehicle-car system.
A wide range of applications, such as car navigation, multifunctional driving dashboards, and back-seat entertainment display screens. If based on the need for five panels per vehicle, estimated at nearly 24 million in 2016, the potential market for vehicle displays is more than 100 million.
With the evolution of big screen trends and the growth of new demands, we watch the LCD cycle bounce back to the bottom, the panel.
3.2 Three main reasons for supply shortages and the fact that new investments cannot be described as radical have led to an effective increase in demand.
First, Samsung, a manufacturer, chose to increase the layout strength on the olid, and the resource allocation began to tilt towards it. Samsung closed the l7-1 in November 2016, transforming its plant into amoled production line. It was 150 k/month, or more than 3% of the global production capacity. This year, Samsung is likely to continue to close the l7-2 production line, which also accounts for the global production capacity.
Similarly, the other giant, the lg, will gradually convert the 8.5 generation tft-lcd production line to the oldtv panel line, which is expected to reduce monthly production capacity by 80 k in 2019 compared to 2016. Second, Sharpe will cut off the supply.
The new strategy assumes 2 million pieces of self-sustainment, which means 6 million pieces of global output are reduced. Figure 46: High share of extra-sport supply for Sharp
Third, the production capacity of lcd is also affected by natural disasters, such as the 2016 earthquake in Taiwan. Supply-side stocks are tight for three main reasons; at the same time, new production capacity is at a slow growth stage that is difficult to describe as radical.
The completion of line depreciation and the impact of the additional capacity will be more likely to be to continue to drive the big screen trend, which supports the LCD cycle. 3.3 The company has a high production line that caters to the big screen trend.
Companies are competitive. Small-scale products, because many low-generational lines can be cut, are highly competitive among firms; large-scale products, often cut on high-generational lines, are economically efficient, while high-generational lines are often built with the capacity of large-power producers, and therefore cannot easily trigger price wars that can effectively increase profitability.
The steady growth in the size of the lcd panel is a safety cushion for the company ' s operations. In 2016, the number of large medium-sized panels dropped by 4.3%, and the total volume of shipments rose by 5.6%, starting in the first half of 2016.
Because it is in the context of an imbalance between supply and demand that the production capacity is concentrated to a greater extent to meet the high-profit end of a large product. LCD lines are usually divided according to the corresponding size of the glass base. The high-generation lines correspond to larger glass panels, which are usually used to cut larger-sized panel products.
Generational lines and their following are used to cut screens; higher generation lines are used to match the demand for large size screens. For panel cutting, glass panels of different sizes correspond to different economic cutting patterns. Too few slices lead to insufficient cost amplification; too many slices affect the rate. With 16:9 screens, we can calculate the rate.
In actual operations, enterprises generally consider cutting sales and market demand for various panels in order to choose the way to cut. The structure of the company’s production line is fully in line with the trend of big screens. In all nine of the in-production and construction of the lcd line, the company is able to use the base plate.
More than 80% of production is above the 6-generation line, and all three production lines below the 6-generation line will be depreciated by 2017 at the latest. In 2016, the company’s large-size panel was delivered above lig, leaping to the top of the world; the world’s highest generation line, the Fertilizer 10.5-generation line, will be operational in 2017, supplying over 65 inches and above.
Three tft-lcd lines up to and including six generations are now mainly used for the supply of cellular screens, and in the future they will move in step to show application products such as vehicles, engineering, electronic tagging, medical treatment, etc. showing a breakdown of markets and sensors, and maximizing their value. The structural upgrading of the company’s production lines has effectively enhanced the competitive position of the company’s industry and contributed to the upgrading of the business as a whole.
3.4 The supply and demand structure is long-term good, and the lcd operation has a stabilization phase. The supply and demand structure is most directly represented by prices. As the production capacity of the continent to invest in liquid crystal panels released during the post-crisis crisis, the price of all specifications has been in the downward phase since q3 in 2015.
The supply exceeds demand by more than 20%; the ratio remains high in 2015. In the downward pressure on prices, the inch of the television panel is the highest, as the size panel is gradually becoming the dominant on the demand side, and the supply side is directly affected by the three-star shutdown of the l7-1 line.
The rise is close to 70%, the price gap with the larger size panel has gradually narrowed, and downstream demand has shifted to the larger size panel, which, in our view, is based on a reversal of supply and demand structures. According to the previous study of the supply and demand situation of lcd, there is a solid supply and demand base for higher product prices, which will be maintained over a longer period of time.
The firm’s operations are about to pass through a difficult period when the business shuffling period is nearing its end. As an enterprise that can still maintain productive capacity and municipal power, Kyoto East is expected to be the largest beneficiary in the next period of the LCD rise.
The key assumptions and reasons are as follows: First, the price of the lcd panel is maintained at a level that is based on the above analysis of the supply and demand situation in the industry over the longer term.
The slope is gradually completed in four quarters. After a long period of technological accumulation in the lcd business, the company has a strong output.
Some of the company’s old lines of production have been depreciated, thus contributing to the release of profits. Much of the production line investment in the panel industry is allocated to the purchase of equipment, which is larger, so depreciation becomes the head of the panel’s cost of manufacturing. In accounting, the panel equipment acquired does not cost immediately, but is distributed on an average annual basis over the period of depreciation (usually 5-10 years) during the post-partum period.
The residual value of the equipment is conservatively calculated at a maximum of 10 per cent, with each line being depreciated over the next two years, making a direct profit on the company’s profits. In 2017, the 6-generation line was depreciated, with an initial investment of $17.5 billion, assuming that the equipment was depreciated over the 8.5-generation line, an initial investment of $28 billion and an annual depreciation of $2 billion under the same method of depreciation.
We choose the main players in the panel industry to measure the company’s ability to operate by comparing the profitability of Kyoto East with that of comparable companies. Because the panel business is linked to the survival of the country’s electronic information industry, it is generally supported by the state, and it is very difficult for the firm to account for its main business.
And, given the inconsistent way in which cost measurements are measured in national accounting standards, we have chosen to use the deduction of operating costs and the three-fee operating profit margin as a validation indicator. Globally, the main players in the panel industry are the “triple country” giants, the most representative of which is Japan.
Sharp, South Korea’s Tristars, lig, Taiwan’s setup, and the Chinese mainland’s Kyoto East. Given the complexity of Samsung’s electronic business, we have chosen Sharp, lig, and conglomerates as comparable targets for companies to compare.
With the value of the company, the level of government support to the industry is critical for the panel industry. Government subsidies are critical.
State subsidies are often subsidized and planned in accordance with national industrial policies. Local government subsidies are subsidized on the basis of project investments, and once a production line has been established, subsidies in the following years will be recognized year by year.
Based on the Government ' s approach to the panel industry in recent years and specific subsidies, we judge the future subsidy over a period of time, based on our measurement of the ability of the lcd to operate at its line of production and on the depreciation of the company, we estimate the net profit of the company ' s lcd business as follows:
4 import period operations: unled brings a new round of growth to the company, with a strong physico-chemical performance of 4.10led, with a small-size panel value highlighted, and an organic luminous diode, with an electron and cave-driven mix of energy released from the outside voltage.
The biggest difference with lcd is that it's spontaneous, which brings with it a series of advantages such as the thinness of the oled, the speed of response, and the bendability of the organic luminous material. Figure 63: lcd versus the oled structure.
lcdddplaystructure tile-drive chip flexible circuit boards
Signal-driven chips, diffusers, glimmers.
Pixel array panels, filters, glimmers.
Amoled, the active matrix organic light-emitting diode, is one of the main categories of the oled screens and the current mobile end of the oled screen. Amoled has four main technical advantages: first, a thin screen, and can be used to form touch layers in the screen. Second, pixels are high. Unlike lcd, a pixel point is equal to three subcouples of red and green.
The sum of the herbs, amoled arranged in apentile format, a pixel =1 green plus 0.5 red and blue, makes the image even more colorful. Third, the power is low. Because of its spontaneous light properties, individual pixels do not work when black is shown, showing dark colours when they are low. Fourth, they can bend. The lcd screen is difficult to soften, subject to back-light and liquid crystals.
The cost disadvantage of using small-sized ones, such as flexable devices, smart phones, etc., is transforming into a value-for-money advantage. With a strong demonstration advantage, the cost of small-sized products has fallen very close to lcd as the technology of amoled matures.
4.2 Product substitution + new area development, industry demand is long-term, and market space is large as the most hot panel in the world. The demand increase for the panel is mainly two-fold. The first is from the replacement of the existing segment of the lcd panel, which at this stage is reflected mainly in smart phone collars.
Second, with its excellent physico-chemical properties, the oled panel is the natural choice for new product types, such as smart wear, ar/vr near-eye devices. Increasing innovation, making differentiated products, is the inevitable choice for the smartphone industry to move into stock-upgrading development.
Since the birth of the first cell phone 43 years ago, mobile phones have evolved from luxury goods to the needs of people today. After several years of nurturing, smartphone user groups have grown more mature, and they see no more mere value than a better experience on the cell phone.
The theme of the class, the recognition of the first two giants of the technology, makes it basically a definitive trend. Three stars, by building their own vertically integrated industrial chains, are doing excellent work and are able to sell themselves, making them the first promoters of the technology.
Apple applications are a catalyst for the breakout of the market. Apples have a clear impact and push on the industrial chain, and many new technologies, when they are approved and used, are likely to become high-end approximations, metal bodies, fingerprints, hundreds of millions of oed screens.
In the case of the mobile phone market, for example, many of the mobile phone manufacturers who want to use it at this stage are forced to step back because of the lack of supply. We judge that the supply of the product in the market should not be in demand.
According to ihs, our cell phone is 5 inches, television is 55 inches, smart watch is 1.3 inches, vr is set to 6 inches, tablet, control screen 10 inches, laptop is estimated to be need for the next few years.
4.3 Supply growth has been limited, product scarcity has become a determinative event, currently limited in the supply of oled panels of all sizes, and production capacity is concentrated in the hands of two Korean manufacturers. At this stage, Samsung accounts for more than 90% of the world's oled mobile phone display capacity; the lig is produced on oled panels.
In a short period of time, it is difficult to ease the pressure on the board. In addition to increased investment by Japanese and Korean producers, the Taiwan region of China, Toyoda, Sodo and the mainland region, Kyoto East, Wisono, and Shining Light Power, China Star Light Power, and Catarina.
But short-term capacity releases are far from quenching thirst as opposed to the growing demand for olids. 4.4 Company cardboardled business benefits from a high degree of certainty.
After the lcd market was the first of its kind, the company was active in setting up its operations. The company now plans 3 of its production lines, including the Urdus 5.5 generation line, the Chengdu 6 generation line, and the Sun 6 generation line. Of these, the Ordos 5.5 generation line is that the company’s operations are expected to continue to benefit from the supply and demand structure in a healthy and long-term environment.
In 2019, after the launch of the company’s Xiangyangoled line, Kyoto East is expected to go beyond lgd and become the world’s second largest medium-led company, with a strong capacity to integrate its industrial chain, pooling the most advantageous resources up and down. Upstream, using the most critical steam plating process, for example, Kyoto East has the best performance in terms of metal masking and plating machines. In terms of downstream demand,
Relying on the largest consumer e-market, it goes without saying that the company ' s lcd panel has already entered a customer supply chain system, and that the entry of the oled product is expected in line with a customer preference and the development of multi-supplier habits. The company ' s oled business card, in the manufacture of the oled product, is a core process of plating.
These two steps, the masked sheeting net, organic plating, correspond to the metal mask (fmm) and the plating machine, respectively. In fact, it is impossible to compare these two types of equipment to a “note-printer” at a time of high-quality supply and its tightness.
fmm allows the organic material of rgb to be precisely plated at a given location in the process of high temperature plating, a process that has a bearing on panel resolution and process success. The key to the product is its thickness, the size of the hole, the thermal expansion system. Three parameters: the thicker the hole, the denser it is, the lower the thermal expansion factor, the resolution of the panel produced.
At this stage, only fmm of a Japanese printing company is able to produce a qhd-grade panel. The printing industry in Japan has unique technology, producing a low Fmm thermal inflation coefficient, and is not susceptible to high temperatures, and its thickness is only 10-20 micrometres.
Prior to 2017, Samsung and Great Japan printing signed an exclusive supply contract, and all production of Greater Japan printing was bought out by Samsung, making it impossible for other competing partners to produce a qhd grade resolution of the oled panel. At the beginning of 2017, Samsung and Great Japan printing an exclusive supply agreement on fmm products expired, and Kyoto East immediately joined.
The Japanese printed and signed a purchase contract for fmm. dainipomponprintingtosuplyfmmmaskstoboediplay jun20, 2017boesamsungoledmanufacturingequipmentoledproditionfmm
Accordingtoetnews, japan'sdainipponprinting(dnp) hasteminatedsamsung'sexclusivityforthecompany's finemetalamsks(fmm)products.dnpisnowofferitsmaskstootheroledmakers, and therealreadysigned upboedisplatayasacstormer.
I'm sorry, I don't know. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
With a Japanese print fmm product, Kyoto East became the only manufacturer in the country that could produce a qhd-distinguished qhd panel. In May of this year, at the annual technology fair for the display industry in Los Angeles, United States, the S-type displayed in Kyoto East was scratchable 5.5 inches, with resolution.
qhd level. For plating machines, the world ' s best plating machine can only produce seven units per year, with downstream clients being three stars (5), lgd (1), Kyoto East (1). Canontokki plating machine is 100 meters long, with a number of devices.
It's like a tunnel. The canontokki plating machine is accurate in position, so that the organic luminous material of the oled is finely varnished on the base plate, the error is contained within five micrometres, and the industry is unique. Excellent precision is based on Canontokki's exclusive patent: canontokki applies machine visuals to the device, and the company's unique GPS camera is equipped with a plating machine.
Patents, using cameras to track errors that can be smaller than red blood cell cells in the human body.5 Profit predictions and investment proposals, depending on industry development and the ability of companies, we look at corporate displays, intelligence systems, etc.
The business performance of the three main clusters of product operations and smart health services assumes: 1) lcd panel prices remain high and business Māori has increased. The supply and demand situation of the industry will remain largely stable, and prices will remain high; subject to industry maturity enhancement, line depreciation, production learning curve effects, etc.
With the help of the company ' s products, Māori has increased. (2) The company ' s production schedules, crop productivity rates, and product success rates are as expected; the new production capacity has been scaled up four quarters over time. The corporate panel industry, after a long period of technological build-up, already has a strong industrial capacity.
3) The q4 rises in 2017 on the semi-generational six-generation line, with capacity climbing four quarters complete, yielding a balance in 2018 and profiting in 2019. The panel-line upgrading process usually takes place around a year; demand downstream is safe, and prices are better guaranteed.
4) Old-age lines continue to run at full capacity; the RMB exchange rate is conservatively 6.7. Smart system product operations, smart health services: maintain the current acceleration. lcd panel prices do not perform as expected: panel prices are the core variable for the company’s performance.
The supply and demand situation in the panel sector is not as good as expected: the supply and demand structure of the lcd sector has been improving since the second half of 2016, but its downstream demand performance and supply-side output layout need to be tracked. The new input line is not as fast as expected: the new input line is going through a process of climbing production at the start of its operations.
Indicators such as the timing of the launch of the new production line, the rate of growth of the crop, and the rate of good products are directly related to the results of the production line operation. The application of the oled product is less than expected: the application of the oled product at this stage is mainly concentrated in small-scale markets, where the application of the oled panel in the smartphone market is critical.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board