In the first half of the year, profits increased by 18.9%, and the potential for mineral exploitation is expected to continue to be released.
Engineering contracts amounting to $62.89 billion or +6.2 per cent, metallurgical engineering/housing construction/transport and infrastructure were affected by the epidemic, corporate infrastructure operations in the East China region were hampered, and the overall rate of new signings increased by billions, or +18.9 per cent.
Real estate has been active in controlling stock increases, with limited impact on overall performance. Under the downside of the real estate industry, the company’s real estate business is clearly under pressure, with real estate development generating operating income of $9.03 billion in the first half of the year, compared to +70 per cent, reflecting the company’s active access to inventory, its ability to pay back, and the overall management of real estate business risks.
The profitability of resource development operations has continued to increase, with greater potential for exploitation of resources in hand mines. In the first half of the year, the company managed to earn 3.59 billion yuan, compared to 3.3 per cent in the previous year, and the Māori rate has continued to rise, increasing by 3.9 percentage points and further increasing profitability.
The potential for development is expected to double the amount of lead and zinc as further exploration work proceeds. In April, the Ministry of Mines of the Taliban government in Afghanistan announced that Chinese enterprises could continue to operate the Ainak copper mine locally, that the public authorities had renegotiated the Ainak copper mine with the current Afghan government, and that future projects were expected to start in due course.
China Metallurgical (601618.sh) - China’s performance has grown steadily, with full impairments and cost pressure control, and companies’ ability to negotiate and finance upstream and downstream continues to diminish. China Smelt-601618 - China Rapid Review: orders are strong, metal is high.
Investment proposals: The advantages of a company ' s professional engineering technology and of a whole-of-the-industry chain resource integration are expected to boost the engineering industry.
China Metallurgical - 601618 - Transformation has shown results, optimized business structure - New contracts for work under a high base have slowed down, and profits have increased faster. Companies completed new contracts in the first half of the year, amounting to $62.890 billion, compared to 6.2%, and metallurgical works/construction/transport and infrastructure construction.
The company’s infrastructure operations in the east of the country have been hampered, and the overall rate of growth in new signatures has been slow. Business growth has been sustained, with a continuous increase in the status of major engineering firms.
The Department’s real estate operations are clearly under pressure to generate operating income of $9.03 billion in the first half of the year, compared to -20.3 per cent, and a Māori rate of 11.0 per cent, which represents a significant decline of 9.8 percentage points. The Department of Corporate Real Estate Development Investment has been active in stock-taking for the first six months, raising its repayment capacity, and managing the overall risk of real estate operations.
In the first half of the year, the company's resources generated 3.59 billion yuan in operating income, compared with 3.3 per cent in the previous year, and the Māori rate continued to rise, adding 3.9 percentage points to the same period and increasing profitability.
The amount of lead and zinc is expected to double as further exploration proceeds. In April, the Taliban Ministry of Mines announced that Chinese enterprises could continue to operate the Ainak copper mine locally, that the company had renegotiated the Ainak copper mine with the current Afghan government, and that future projects were expected to start in due course.
The pay-as-you-go ratio has declined significantly, and the repayment environment continues to be under pressure. In the first half of 2021, the company received 81 per cent of the revenue, and the bargaining and share capacity of upstream and downstream continues to decline.
Investment recommendations: the advantages of a company's professional engineering technology and the advantages of a whole-of-the-industry resource integration are expected to drive engineering operations The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity and impartiality through reasonable judgement and conclusion, without any third party's approval or influence; the authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future