China Central Metallurgical (601618) Construction decorations with strong performance and a significant improvement in cash flow, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Millions of yuan, a 15.2 per cent increase in the same year, a net return to mothers of $5.87 billion, a 18.9 per cent increase in the same year, a higher recovery and re-innovation of the net return to mothers, but a slower rate of growth. Sub-operations, engineering contracting, a recovery of real estate development, a significant increase in cash flows.
The rate of 9.3%, corresponding to 0.4 pp, achieved a net interest rate of 2.5%, corresponding to 0.1 pp. For sub-operations, interest rates in the engineering contracting industry decreased more than ever, mainly because companies removed stocks, controlled increases, increased degradation, and improved repayment capacity; +3.9 pp, mainly because of high prices of non-ferrous metals such as copper, nickel, lead, zinc, etc. in the first half of the year.
The net cash flow from operating activities was $170 million, an increase of $8.73 billion over the same period last year, and a significant improvement in operating cash flows. The pay-as-you-go ratio was 81.3 per cent and the pay-as-you-go ratio was 72.6 per cent.
The amount of the contract for the new non-metallurgical works increased by 5.2 per cent, of which 98.65 billion yuan, or +0.6 per cent, represented 15.7 per cent of the value of the new contract; the amount of the new contract for the non-metallurgical works was $5.29.44 billion, or €2.8 per cent, or –28.0 per cent.
Market opportunities, efforts to scale up the infrastructure sector and increase the proportion of businesses. The company’s mineral resource development business, which was the most prominent in nickel performance, went into the second half of the year, as the domestic epidemic eased, pessimism subsided, 1. China’s Chinese smelt (601618): the rate of growth and innovation is high.
In July, the Fed landed at a surging rate, with a certain easing of inflation, a slowdown in the repression of non-ferrous metals, a rebound in the price of non-ferrous metals (2022-04-01), and a long period of corporate resource development performance throughout 2022.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.
As of 1 July 2017, you will not receive, subscribe to, or use any of the information in this report if you are not a contracted customer of your own company, in order to control investment risk. Nor will your company be considered a customer for receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information, opinions and assumptions reflect only the firm ' s judgement as of the date of publication of this report. The prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report can rise and past performance should not be used as a basis for future performance.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.