Events: 29 April, Agricultural Bank disclosed the first quarter of 2024: 2024q1 net profit return compared to the agricultural bank (601288)
The recovery and profit rate have declined, but the performance is better than that of comparable counterparts. 2024q1 Agricultural Bank Camp Xiao Yiu 2024q1 lost profits, mainly due to net interest spreads, and the main positive contribution comes from scale.
Expansion; profits from the same ups and downs, mainly due to a slowdown in scale and a decline in the contribution of the provision, Zhang Xiaohui Wang Dynasty
This rate has also fallen down. The asset-end pressure is mainly due to factors such as support for the real economy, lpr downturning, mortgage pricing, etc., which influences the downside of the loan rate: the trend of periodicization of debt-end deposits has been delayed, but the overall cost rate is still at the industry advantage level.
As a result of factors such as the slowdown in the size of the company, total assets, total liabilities, total loans, total reserves, and the expansion of financial growth in the county areas, the focus areas are growing at a sharp rate. The market space in the county markets is wide, companies are further increasing the allocation of credit resources in the county areas, and the rural financial supply in the county areas has increased significantly.
At the end of 2024q1, the total amount of loans and advances granted in the county area was +16.78 per cent on a year-on-year basis, up much faster than the 12.92 per cent increase in loans on a full-time basis. In addition, companies continued to scale up the economy of the service entities, and up to the end of 2024q1, manufacturing loans, green credit operations, loans in the area of inclusive finance, popular finance
The poor rate continues to fall, with assets of steady medium quality improving. The poor agricultural banks of late 20241 were 1.32%, more resilient to risk, more room for profit counter-feeding, and a steady medium-term improvement in the core indicators of asset quality.
Capital is reasonably abundant. External supplementation is advancing. At the end of 2024q1, the agricultural bank's core-level capital is being replenished at the top of the country's territory.
The boom in profits, the boom in district and priority area operations, accompanied by capital-intensive development, has been accompanied by an active expansion of external capital supplementation channels, the orderly issuance of second-tier capital debt and sustainable debt replenishment capital, and the consolidation of the capital base.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Agricultural banks are well-established, deep-cultivated districts, active marketing, Sunda Securities Limited green and digital finance, with the unique advantages of county finance, which will continue to grow in the future as the county finances continue to grow
I'm looking forward to becoming a leading bank and service for the revival of the village.
Main banks of the real economy. We look forward to the company's future development. Risk factors are expected to be 29 April.
Figure 3: Analysis of the causes of the increase in performance: Figure 4: Cumulative annualized weights of roe and roa Figure 6: Undesirable rates vs. Industry
Figure 7: Subsidized coverage vs. Industry Figure 9: Capital adequacy at all levels
In November 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out research in the financial sector, covering mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the finance industry and the finance industry, asset liabilities, wind control, and wind control.
In November 2019, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.