Xinhua Insurance (601336), non-monetary finance, a firm transition back to security, and an improvement in the value of the risk, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: Xinhua Insurance, as the sole holding insurance company under the central gold flag, has in recent years adopted a strategy to gradually move away from a crude business model that used to be dependent on scale expansion, and to increase the value of new companies' products to around 40 per cent through the determined development of health-care insurance schemes.
The company’s health insurance coverage in the current insurance structure is close to 30%, and maintains a high growth rate of 40%, making it the highest health insurance income in the life insurance market. The market space is magnified, and the industry is back on track. On the one hand, as the middle-income group has expanded rapidly in recent years.
Zhang, driving our country into an era of rising consumption, opens the space for social demand for insurance products. In terms of industrial development, there is still a wide gap between the intensity and depth of insurance in our insurance market and the international level, as shown by the enormous potential for growth in the insurance sector. On the other hand, the ageing of our society is deepening.
At the policy level, with the spread of tax benefits, the individual tax deferred commercial pension insurance policy will be applied as a result of the increase in the number of single-born children compared to the increase in the number of single-born children and the release of second-born children.
The strategic transition has been driven by a reduction in volume and the development period has increased in value. The insurance company has adopted a marketing strategy that shifts from growth in size to value growth.
The increase of more than 20 per cent in the same year and over 90 per cent in the first year of contributions is especially true for long-term insurance policy income, which continues to grow at a rate of more than 40 per cent over a 10-year period and beyond, and for which a rapid increase in the new policy premium provides a solid basis for firm future growth in the company ' s performance.
At the investment end, the company ' s asset allocation style is diverse, allowing it to adjust the allocation scale in a timely manner to changing market conditions. Compared to their counterparts, the company ' s current asset allocation is relatively high, at close to 30%, while equity investment is relatively low, at less than 5%.
Under the structure, corporate performance has grown robustly, not only reducing reliance on capital markets, but also achieving a higher return on investment of more than 5 per cent annually.
2. Xinhua Insurance (601336): Re-entry guarantees, value-enhancing transitions (2017-08-11) (2) The return on investment is steadily increasing.
Our view is different from that of the market, which had previously given too much attention to the negative growth of the company’s premiums, ignoring that the company’s contribution growth in the transition process was closely linked to the transition. We believe that the effects of the company’s current transformation are beginning to emerge, and that its main thrust is long-term health insurance.
Insurance represents industry trends, and there is much room for growth in the future. In the first half of 2017, the rate of renewal in the company ' s premium structure has reached 70 per cent and has remained at a rate of growth of over 20 per cent, and the public market has ignored the impact on investment performance of the company ' s asset allocation structure at the end of the investment. The company ' s asset allocation is not a target asset.
The configuration ratio is close to 30%, while the equity asset ratio is only 4.4%, and the overall performance stability is stronger. Given the longer period of the company’s pre-bond asset allocation, the size of the future maturity reconfiguration of this asset will increase, and the overall return on investment will benefit from higher market interest rates.
Social consumption escalation opens up room for industry to rise; short-term interest rates raise reinvested returns and reduce reserve pressure; Industry ' s old-age health policy dividends continue to be released. Historical valuation analysis shows that Xinhua insurance has between 0.77 and 2.2 times the pev multiplier and 1.33 times the median.
The former market moods warmed up, the whole valuation of the plate rose, and the company’s share price was only 1.2 times higher than the price of the pev, which is a higher security margin than the safe 1.5 times the price of China’s insurance and 2.0 times the margin of friendly insurance, both domestically and internationally.
Company profile: Xinhua Capital Holdings, Xinhua Life Insurance Inc. (Sinhua Insurance), a national large-scale life insurance company founded in September 1996, currently owns Xinhua Asset Management Ltd., Xinhua Home Home Seniors Management (Beijing) Ltd.
For many years, the company has established a network of institutions and diversified distribution channels covering almost all provinces, municipalities, autonomous regions, with branches at all levels of the country estimated at 1,700.
In 2011, the company was listed simultaneously on the Hong Kong United Exchange and on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, with stock codes of 1336.hk and 601336.sh, respectively.
The Xinhua Insurance has been operating mainly on various personal life insurance, group insurance and asset management operations, and the size of the premiums has remained at more than 100 million levels in recent years. According to the latest data, the ratio of the insurance policies has been as follows: the Red Benefit, which is the first contributor, 47.6 per cent; and the Health Insurance, which is the guaranteed type of insurance that the company has been focusing on in recent years, and which is collected.
The share of the total premium continued to grow at a rapid rate of 27.1 per cent, higher than the industry average; the share of the traditional premium to the premium was 24.0 per cent. The contribution of the insurance channel continued to rise, with 78.8 per cent of the premium: in the context of the restructuring, the silver channel shrunk its insurance product, with the premium revenue gradually shrinking.
In terms of revenue, the company has taken the initiative to reduce the size of the insurance product from banking channels since the implementation of the strategic transition in 2014, and has actively promoted the development of a risk-based health-insurance product, driven by a scale-driven shift to value.
In terms of investment returns, the corporate investment style is more flexible and able to take root.
In addition to the larger decline in market impact, the growth rate of revenue could be more than 10% for the rest of the year, and the net profit rate could be more than 30%. As the company’s strategic transition neared completion, the premium income rate gradually returned to positive growth in 2017, adding up to the investment end.
With a steady rise in earnings, it is expected that the company ' s operating income will increase gradually over the next three years and that the net return profit will continue to be around 20 per cent positive, 2 industry analysis: market space magnified, industry re-emerged, 2.1 consumption increased and middle class wealth expanded, and the insurance sector had a bright future.
In view of the large external market environment for the development of the insurance plate, the country has entered a new era of popular consumption, characterized by popular demand and civilian consumption, as a result of steady economic growth and rising levels of disposable income in recent years. Compared to past consumption patterns, the consumption structure of urban and rural residents is escalating from subsistence to developmental consumption.
From material to service consumption, from traditional consumption to new consumption, and the rising trend is becoming more evident and faster. Over the four-year period 2014-2017, the average per capita disposable income grew by 8.44 per cent, maintaining a steady growth trend. However, in terms of consumption expenditure structure, data for the third quarter of 2017 show that food and clothing are used as food and clothing.
The rate of increase in material consumption represented only 3.89 per cent and 0.73 per cent, while the rate of increase in services represented by health care and recreational education was 11.26 per cent and 8.43 per cent, respectively, far higher than the rate of material consumption, indicating that the country was currently moving towards a process of rising consumption, in which the social demand for insurance products depended largely on the demographic order of the middle class in the structure of society.
Models and wealth assets, some of which are the main clients of insurance products and services. According to the Global Wealth Report 2015, published by the world’s renowned investment bank, the China middle-income group amounts to 109 million people, representing 11% of the country’s adult population, with a wealth of $7.34 trillion.
It will continue to grow at a rate of 9.4% per year. By 2020, we will have 171 million middle-class people and 11.5 trillion dollars in wealth. The increase in the number of middle-class people and assets will provide a vast increase in the insurance market.
There is no substitute for production and life. But, in terms of the financial asset allocation among the households currently living in the country, the share of insurance assets is only about 2%, which is significantly lower than the 32.6% in the developed countries and 26.8% in Japan. This is because, in our current social environment, the basic social security system is still used as a risk insurance for the population.
As the level of social consumption rises, the concept of risk protection deepens, and we believe that the share of insurance assets in the asset allocation of the resident’s home will increase even further.
In addition, in contrast to the level of development of the international insurance market, although our country is currently one of the fastest-growing global markets for life insurance, by the end of 2016 our insurance market ' s insurance density (per capita premium) and depth (gdp ratio) was only $329 and 4.2 per cent, at a distance of $689 and 6.2 per cent of the global insurance market for the same period.
There are also significant differences in the depth of costs. Thus, in terms of the scope for industrial development, insurance products also have great growth potential. 2.2 Changes in demographics and industrial policy dividends are driving up the demand for security.
According to a survey of consumers in Beijing by the Insurance Industry Association, the willingness of consumers to buy insurance comes mainly from the two main categories of health, security and investment finance, with the highest share being for health and livelihood purposes, which reach 50 per cent, followed by savings and retirement. This shows that the primary consumer motivation for insurance products today is to meet customer risk protection requirements.
In terms of the types of insurance intended to be purchased, consumers are more interested in health insurance, accident insurance, and pension insurance, which account for 70% of the total, and these products are the main types of insurance that are being sold by the industry’s various life insurance companies, representing the industry.
2.2.1 The extent of population ageing is deepening the need to supplement commercial pension insurance since the beginning of the twenty-first century, and the trend towards population ageing in our society has become more pronounced.
In the structure, the proportion of the population over 65 years of age has reached 10.8%, a standard old-age society. If we refer to the trend of ageing in the developed countries, our share of the ageing population is roughly the same as in Japan in 1987.
As a result, the country will inevitably enter the process of increasing the population’s ageing in society. The main paradox of the deepening ageing of the population is that the provision of old-age security is inadequate, for example, in my country, 2015.
Data show that the dependency ratio of the society’s older population is 14.33%, an increase of 1.61 percentage points over the 10-year period, and is still on the rise. It is expected that around 20% of the population over 65 years of age will be reached by 2035, and that ageing will be a major challenge to progress in social development.
The increase in the gap in pensions, coupled with the problem of old-age pensions, poses a serious challenge for the population. There is now a general international division of pensions for the population into three pillars: basic pensions, corporate pensions, and personal tax extension pensions. Of this, the total of basic pensions for the first pillar is approximately 3.8 trillion yuan, while for the second pillar, the enterprise annuity component is only 1.2 trillion yuan and for the third pillar.
In this case, the dominant basic pension has for a long time not been able to meet the long-term investment objectives of stable earnings from pension funds, owing to narrow investment channels and low market-based performance. The second pillar of the enterprise annuity component, after a rapid increase in previous years, has reached a bottleneck of growth in 2015.
According to the old-age asset allocation in developed countries, a reasonable pension structure is characterized by a higher share of corporate annuities and personal pensions than basic pensions. In the United States, for example, in 2016, the three-pillar pension assets of the United States were 10%, respectively.
In the course of the year, the country embarked on a reform of pensions, with the introduction of a series of reforms to the first two pillars, such as the Basic Pension Insurance Investment Administration Act and the Measures for the Administration of Vocational Pensions in Institutional Units, while actively promoting the establishment of the third pillar of the personal pension system, which seeks to reverse the growing ageing situation through the introduction of commercial pension insurance.
2.2.2 The need for social health protection is high, and the risk of serious illness and accidents is huge.
At present, with the rise in awareness of social risks, the population has become more aware of the need to protect itself and their families. Diseases and accidents are among the leading causes of death in the socio-demographic population, accounting for 98.2% of deaths.
At the highest level, the combined share is 94.9%, which shows that diseases, especially major diseases, are a major cause of death among the population. There are a number of factors that contribute to the occurrence of major diseases, and age is one of the factors that cannot be ignored, in addition to living habits and living conditions.
As a result, the overall incidence of major diseases will increase in the future, as the population of the country becomes more ageing, with a corresponding increase in the incidence of major diseases, the mortality rate (k-fold) rising rapidly in mid-old age, especially in the 50-70 age group, rising by more than 60%.
In addition to the insurance market space created by ageing, the share of single-born children is likely to boost the need for insurance coverage by increasing the number of single-born children in the early 1970s.
Since then, the fertility policy has begun to grow significantly, which has played a significant role in resolving population and resource conflicts. According to the Chinese Population Science Survey, the total number of single-born children in 2010 is estimated at 150 million, and is expected to reach 310 million in 2050.
The majority of single-born children born after the 1970s are concentrated within 45 years of age, with a stronger desire to protect themselves than other age groups or non-single-born children. At the same time, in terms of insured capacity, the population in that age group has a greater capacity to consume and thus to become more insured.
Moreover, with the official implementation in 2016 of the National Policy on Freeing Children, more and more families will choose to have two children, and the need for risk insurance and investment in assets for infants and young children will increase. By that time, there will also be greater scope for the development of products such as accident insurance, annuity, etc., that are primarily intended for infants and young children.
2.2.3 The policy environment for the rapid development of the insurance sector, in view of the continued release of the policy dividend, has allowed the country to spare no effort in policy formulation to advance the rapid development of the insurance sector.
The reform of the premium rates for tannery and commercial cars has resulted in the release of higher personal and property insurance rates and a more scientific development of property insurance rates. With the idea of promoting the return of insured products to the main industry, the regulatory level introduced a health insurance tax concession policy in 2016, which was opened from the pilot area to the country on 1 July 2017.
At the Standing Meeting of the State Council on 21 June, measures were also identified to accelerate the development of commercial pension insurance, and it was decided to accelerate the development of commercial pension insurance at three levels: first, to support commercial insurance institutions in providing differentiated old-age pension insurance for individuals and families, to develop old-age insurance for older persons, such as accident injuries, long-term care, and to establish a system of insurance for old-age services, such as medical and nursing unions.
To ensure the safe and secure operation of commercial pension insurance funds. To encourage commercial pension insurance funds to run pension institutions. Third, to implement the relevant State fiscal policy to support the development of insurance and pension services, to speed up the pilot of individual tax deferred commercial pension insurance, and to support the participation of commercial pension insurance institutions in the management of basic pension insurance funds.
The introduction of deferred old-age insurance is expected to result in hundreds of billions of premium increases for the insurance sector over the next five years, with some changes in the product structure and profitability patterns of the insurance system.
2.3 The past year has been a year of deepening deleveraging in the financial sector, stronger regulation of the sector at the insurance regulatory level, and a series of policies and regulations governing the operations of insurance companies at the product end, investment end and corporate governance.
At the end, since March 2016, when restrictions on short-lived products were introduced, in May 2017, quick-return product design actions were introduced, such as pension insurance. At the end of the investment, investment controls were introduced through the introduction of a new second-generation solvency system, which led to investment risk control for some small and medium-sized risk companies, and aggressive listings and cross-border mergers and acquisitions.
Under a series of regulatory regulations, the insurance sector has gradually shifted its focus back to safeguarding the main sector, with a marked decline in industry risk factors. Under a strong regulatory policy in the industry, pre-earing the cash available to small- and medium-sized enterprises that take part in the market on the basis of fiscal risk management.
Flow pressures are beginning to appear, and the risk structure is under adjustment pressure and the pace of business expansion is limited. And large listing risk companies, with their more conservative business style and a focus on long-term asset liability management, can compete in the market based on their multi-year market-based brand advantage and their accumulated vast data experience in product rate setting, given the trend towards a return to security in industry style.
The statistics show that industrial market concentration has risen steadily since 2017, and that the share of large insurance companies in the market has risen faster. The first eight months of insurance industry, cr5, has risen by 4.53 percentage points to 3 company analyses compared to the end of 2016: the transformation drives value enhancement and the investment style has become more robust.
3.1 Resolute transition to health insurance, primarily annuity health insurance, which, by its very nature, is highly investment-oriented in nature, is more attractive for consumers than it is for consumers to increase their intended earnings at the expense of their own profit spreads, thus generally serving as a hedge,
Market grabs tend to be risky, and they contribute less to the profits of risk companies when the market calms down. And the guaranteed product, because it mainly meets the customer’s risk security needs and is less sensitive to investment interest rates, makes it easier for insurance companies to access long-term, stable financial flows at lower interest rate costs to help them raise the margin of profit, and is therefore insurance.
Xinhua Insurance has been one of the most determined agents of the market since the start of the strategic transformation in 2014. In terms of risk management, companies focus on risk security, and work hard to develop higher-profit risk scenarios, the year in which it is pushed.
Most of the gold and health insurance products are long-term paid-in-insurance products. Of these, the health insurance premium income was 10% in the first half of 2017. In 2016, the company introduced two pension products, “Pops” and “Pops” — a bonus for a lifetime of the traditional premium-based pension insurance, which together received $33.75 billion, representing the share of the total premium income.
Following the official entry into force of Circular No. 134, issued by the Council in October 2017, companies have upgraded their existing product content in accordance with regulatory policy. The main products currently sold under hot sales include insurance coverage for both full benefits, long-term health care, paragraph c1, and life-long pension insurance, all of which are regulatoryly compliant products with higher operating profitability rates.
Products will also be marketed as the main promotion risk for the opening-up phase in 2018, which has a strong pull effect on the company ' s overall marginal profit and new business value ratio.
In general, the underlying driving force in determining whether insurance companies will be able to derive long-term and stable returns from insurance policy income is the new business value contained in insurance policy income.
In view of this, Xinhua Insurance voluntarily reduced the size of the insurance operation after the strategic transformation plan was introduced in 2014, focusing on the development of long-term insurance coverage.
The data show that Xinhua Insurance premiums have increased faster than their counterparts over the past two years, but the value of the new company policies has risen from 15.0% to 40%. The company achieved 25,476 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2017.
Structural optimization has led to a 28.8% increase in the company ' s new business value in the first half of 2017, reaching $7,153 million. Although the company ' s premium rate has declined, the value of the insurance product ' s business value, guided by the transformation strategy, continues to rise, which is the fundamental driving force behind the firm ' s ability to achieve stable returns in the long term. We believe that 2017 will be a year of transformation with the company ' s product structure.
With completion, the new business value in the business structure will continue to rise, and the future growth in sound company operations and good business will benefit. In addition, the company’s premium withdrawal rates for 2014 and 2015 will remain high as Xinhua Insurance has been able to develop its silver-insurance channels on a fast-track basis.
The peak period has passed, and companies have taken the initiative at the strategic level to reduce the size of short-lived product sales, and the pressure on companies to withdraw has gradually subsided since 2016. Xinhua insurance refunds amounted to $29,466 million in the first three quarters of 2017, a decrease of 9.67 per cent in the same year, a decrease in the premium rate of 0.6 to 4.7 per cent, and a further improvement in the quality of the company’s stock policy.
3.3 The growth of the new insurance policies has been strong, and agent capacity has increased, and the high cost of intermediation and relatively simple service delivery patterns have made it more appropriate to market short-term financial insurance products. The rapidly expanding scale of insurance premiums is less profitable and is not compatible with the current insurance company’s upgrading of insurance policies.
Xinhua Insurance, in the course of its strategic transformation, has been actively developing a risk-based insurance scheme through a voluntary contraction of the cash-for-insurance channels. By the end of the third quarter of 2017, the company's premium-for-insurance revenue had increased by 24.3% over the year, making it all the more encouraging that the company's risk-for-marketing team had been building up with a start, with a focus on “high performance” and “high” since 2016.
The sustained increase of 2.8 per cent in the same year, the agent capacity of a risk channel, provides the Xinhua life to sustain the value of the company ' s new business through its subsidiary, Xinhua Asset Management, which has maintained a steady growth trend in the company ' s total investment assets over the last five years, reaching $6,925.3 billion in the third quarter of 2017, an increase of 1.5 per cent.
A slight shift towards flexible configurations, mainly in response to market developments, has gradually reduced the holding of time deposits in recent years, increasing the number of non-target assets, such as trust plans, claims plans, property management, etc., and reducing traditional equity assets, such as funds, shares, etc. The adjustments have resulted in a more robust and conservative style of asset allocation that has reduced the impact of market fluctuations on company performance.
Three quarters of the year has been affected by the warming of the market, with total investment returns increasing by between 7.56 and 26.775 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, with an annualized return of 5.2 per cent, an increase of 0.3 percentage points over the year, ranking second among the four listed insurance companies. According to the data reported by the listed insurers in mid-2017, Xinhua insurance has the highest asset allocation for non-subscriptive claims among listed companies.
The share of total investment assets was 29.44 per cent; the share of bond investments was lowest, at 38.50 per cent; and the share of fixed-term deposits was lowest, at less than 7 per cent of total investment assets. A comparison of the asset allocation structure of the three other listed insurance companies shows that Xinhua is more conservative in terms of asset allocation and that the return on investment of assets is more market-friendly than that of other venturers.
During the current period of rising market interest rate curves, the asset waste faced by companies at the end of their investments has been eased, and the return on the redistribution of mature assets has increased, with a positive impact on the growth of the company’s future return on investment. It is expected that the company’s future return on investment will continue to grow at a positive rate of about 10%, with overall performance, while the rate of return will remain stable.
3.5 The interest-rate curve rebounds at the bottom, the reserves fall, and the downward pressure on reserves on interest rates is also a positive factor for insurance companies in the second half of the year. The higher the discount rate, the less the insurance companies will need to provide for the insurance contract liability. In turn, the lower the discount rate, the better the insurance companies will be prepared.
The greater the need to meet the liabilities for insurance contracts, the more the reserves are raised, the greater the erosion of profits on insurance companies’ accounting statements. According to the new accounting standards developed and implemented by insurance companies in 2009, the discount rate for traditional insurance reserves for insurance companies = the 10-year maturity rate of return on the average of 750 days moving (<120bps premium).
In the circular on matters related to the optimization of the discount curve applicable to the assessment of the liability of insurance contracts, the new regulations optimized and adjusted the elements of the discount curve used for the assessment of the liability of insurance contracts, the base interest rate curve and the combined premium, respectively, the daily moving average GDP yield curve (within 20 years), the final transition curve (20 to 40 years) and the final interest rate (40 years)
In determining the combined premium, consideration may be given to taxes, liquidity effects, and countercyclical factors, which may not exceed 120 basis points. The division of the three-part discount curve will increase the discount rate to some extent, reduce the withdrawal of reserves and release the reserve during the recent years, due to the lag in the impact on net profits of risk companies.
In 2016, there was a significant decrease in the level of traditional insurance reserves for risk companies, which has had a negative impact on pre-tax profits in the insurance companies ' financial statements. According to the annual report of listed companies for 2016, a 50bp reduction in the discount rate margin would have had a negative impact on pre-tax profits in the insurance companies ' financial statements by more than 250% if the other variables remained unchanged.
With regard to future company growth, the effect of the company’s transformation began to stabilize gradually by (2) the rate of return on investments, taking into account the continuous release of market dividends from pension health insurance. The equity asset share of the company is relatively small, the non-target asset mix in the fixed-income category is currently the dominant method of valuation of insurance companies using actuarial valuation values.
The value of the net assets is the sum of the net assets that are owned to shareholders, excluding those used to support effective operations, which may be adjusted on the basis of market values. The value of the effective operations is the net present value of the future profits generated by the company’s valid insurance policies, which vary with actuarial assumptions.
And the value of the new business in the future represents the net present value of the expected profits that have not come to sell the policy, usually using a one-year new business multiplied by a multiple of the value of the new business. So, for each share of the company, we tend to predict and split operations based on the profits of the company’s main business.
Further assumption of operating income is as follows: 40 per cent compound growth in the value of effective operations; 35 per cent compound growth in the value of new operations per year
The historical valuation data for Xinhua Insurance show that the company has been 0.77 to 2.2 times the number of pev multipliers and 1.33 times the median value in the past three years. While the current capital market is warming, and the overall valuation of the insurance plate has risen, the company ' s share price is currently only 1.2 times the value of the pev, compared to the Ping 1.5 times the value of China ' s leader in the industry.
In the future, as the policy dividends of old-age health insurance continue to be released, the scope for growth of health-related insurance products will be further relaxed. Xinhua insurance, the highest rate of health insurance coverage in the industry today, will be directly driven by good policies.
In addition, considering that companies are the least market value among the four currently listed risk companies, the most resilient pure life insurance targets, and the upper limit of their past valuation zones is higher than that of the other three. Thus, we believe that companies will have a reasonable future in terms of falling capital markets or making their investment performance lower than expected.
No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly from specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSI”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.