(a) North construction material (000786.sz) gypsum head, environmental + assembly building aids re-launching, long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
The company's basics are 100% holding the shares. The company's capture of the two machines for the acquisition of Tarzan cast and the rapid capture of devulcanized gypsum resources has laid down the vanity of the gypsum industry. It currently produces 2,162 million m2 and sells it.
With 58% of the city’s share, the advantages are evident, while companies have fully achieved the use of industrial by-product cast production, with devulcanized gypsum being used first in the industry, and have a strong grip on devulcanized gypsum resources. Companies have increased their market share through energy consumption, pressure on costs, enhanced branding, and sinking of marketing channels, with clear competitive advantages in the industry.
Real estate warming + secondary renovations are expected to increase further. Real estate investment has increased since the beginning of the 16th century, and the country is about to embark on the first round of real estate re-upping, after 4 trillion, with huge space in the stock market. Currently, the ointment board penetration rate has continued to rise to 3.2m2/m2, with only housing penetration rates.
The assembly building is advancing steadily, or releasing additional quantities of cast panels. The state has issued a number of policies to promote the development of assembly buildings and new building materials, which are expected to become the main building materials of the assembly wall.
With the introduction of urbanization and energy-efficient environmental materials, the future will accelerate the consolidation of the gypsum belts and environmental protection, and market concentration is expected to increase further as the environment continues to grow.
The gypsum industry will be restructured to phase out 10 million m2 or less, or about 13% of the country’s total production. The “coal gas” pushes fuel costs further to squeeze the viability of small plants, competition patterns will be further optimized, companies are highly competitive in branding and environmental protection, and the city’s share is expected to continue to rise.
As environmental protection increases, industry integration accelerates, and assembly construction and urbanization will bring about new demands, leading leaders who will benefit fully from the industry’s optimal configuration and look forward to its future development.
As a result, the cost of raw materials continues to rise and real estate investment falls sharply.
▪ Paper gypsum plates with regional (large area, low price, high cost of freight) and resource characteristics (based on sky gypsum or devulcanized gypsum, fueled by coal, where devulcanized gypsum performance is excellent, low cost, policy preferences, combined benefits are better than natural gypsum, and its exploitation offers new opportunities for the industry)
Thus, the capture of resources by the occupying market has been a central development strategy of the cardboard industry. The company has followed the core strategy, seized two key opportunities and rapidly developed into a business leader: the acquisition of the private cardboard production company's leader, Tarzan Mask, and a massive expansion of the production-capacitation occupation.
Markets; second, seize the opportunity of the national coal-fired power plant ' s flue gas desulfurization policy, pre-empt the capture of the desulfide resources, and the acquisition of Tarzan casts, which can be rapidly optimized. The company is mainly engaged in light construction materials, which are dominated by paper-based gypsums, and also includes light steel bones, mineral cotton plates, and rock and cotton products.
According to the report, the cardboard business accounts for 87.97 per cent and the rest for 12.03 per cent, while the company has been at the forefront of the industry in the production of cardboards in the country, leading the development of the industry.
An advanced 30 million m2-year production line, introduced in 2005 to a 50 million m2-year high-capacity production line, was marketed on 15 November 2016, and Tarzan gypsum is now a fully-owned subsidiary of the company. At the same time, the company is expanding its capacity through the country’s “4 trillion” investment opportunities.
The annual compound growth rate of 13.8 per cent, mostly 30 million square metres/year of high-quality high-yield energy. Chart 1: The business development history of the company's gypsum plates is currently based in the eastern and central regions of the country, close to the consumer market, which has solved the problem to a great extent.
A good production layout has a positive impact on the city’s field and branding. Taysan cast contributes to the main profits and lays down the status of the cardboard industry.
There has been no change, and the past few years have seen a further deepening of the cardboard industry. With the acquisition of tarpaulin and the continuous construction of new plates production lines, the share of the cardboard business in the company’s main business has risen from 23.68% in 2003 to 88.61% in 2016, laying the cardboard’s head.
It has a high capacity of 77.5% of the company ' s gypsum board in 2016, contributing to a net profit in the first half of the year  devulcanized gypsum with regional and resource properties, and exclusive enterprise production layouts. Because of its large area, low cost, and high transportation costs, the gypsum has an economic transport radius.
In order to control logistics costs, usually about 300-500 km, it is clearly area-specific up and down. Devulcanized gypsum is derived from the limestone-pessal wet flue devulcanization process at the fire power plant, whose production is limited by the size and operation of the fire power plant, and the fact that some of the devulcanization units in the operation are operating abnormally leads to devulcanization.
The high volatility of the gypsum quality further limits the total amount of devulcanized gypsum resources available and economics, and strengthens its resource attributes. The regional and resource properties of the cardboard gypsum determine the ability of the production layout to produce high-performance, low-cost, policy benefits, and the combined benefits are better than the natural gypsum.
Natural gypsum reserves of approximately 57 billion tons, with large but scarce resources of good quality, are mainly located in the Mid-West, and open-air mining and long-range transport increase the cost of manufacturing and affect the environment. As the country ' s environmental environment increases, coal-fired devulcanization from domestic electric power plants produces large amounts of devulcanized gypsum.
The gypsum is of the same composition, there are no significant differences in physical and chemical properties, and it has low impurities, high grades, and a higher quality than the natural gypsum. At the same time, devulcanized gypsum is less expensive and enjoys national policy advantages, and its economic benefits are better than natural gypsums, creating new opportunities for development in the gypsum manufacturing industry.
The technical level of the gypsum production line, which is based on devulcanized gypsum, is high. Because of the disadvantages of defouling gypsum compared to natural gypsums, which are so wet, small in particle size and narrow in scope, it is necessary to use it to produce paper gypsums to solve technical problems of transport, metrology, drying, modifications and homogenization, which would otherwise seriously affect the gypsum.
Thus, there are some technical barriers to the production of paper gypsums for raw materials from devulcanized gypsum, which is currently being successfully adapted to include devulcanized gypsum as a raw material, as well as advanced manufacturers, represented by new materials in the north and by three foreign firms.
Production and utilization of devulcanized gypsum are largely stable, and resource use is near saturated. Since the implementation of the national coal-fired coal-fired power plant flue gas devulcanization policy in 2005, domestic sulfide production has increased rapidly, from 2006 onwards.
At the same time, the combined use of devulcanized gypsum increased rapidly, from about 40% in 2006. As can be seen, the production and utilization of devulcanized gypsum in the country has passed the high growth period and is now basic.
Stable. According to the Society of the Paste Industry, the accumulated amount of devulcanized gypsum stored in 2015 was 150 million tons. Although the total amount of devulcanized gypsum in the country is considerable and widely distributed, transportation costs, among other things, make devulcanized gypsum close to the coastal economic zone economically economically economically viable and economically valuable in the country.
The company is forward-looking, taking advantage of desulfide resources to complete the national layout and create resource barriers. Prior to the implementation of the national coal-fired power plant desulfurization policy in 2005, the company took the lead in researching it in 2001.
Using the technique of devulcanized gypsum, the gypsum line, based on devulcanized gypsum, began in 2004 and is very forward-looking. At present, all of the company’s production lines are made with devulcanized gypsum, and have a solid connection with the energy of the energy industry, China, China, China, Tang, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
Relationships ensure the supply of upstream resources. The company’s industrial layout covers the coastal economic zone, leading the way in the seizure of gypsum resources, and successfully builds resource barriers.
According to the China Revolving Economic Association, devulcanized gypsum used in the construction of gypsums and gypsum products accounted for approximately 30 per cent of the combined use in 2006-2014 and 70 per cent of the remaining sulfur gypsum used in the production of cement crecers, based on which the 2015 sulfur gypsum in the construction and gypsum sector is known
According to the company ' s annual report, 2,132 million m2 of production capacity is about 21 million tons of sulfur gypsum per year, or 101.5 tons per 10,000 square metres. The company produced 1,471 million m2 in 2015.
By 2015, the company consumed approximately 1,493 million tons of devulcanized gypsum, accounting for about 94 per cent of the combined use in the area of building gypsum and gypsum products (1583 million tons), which is extremely high, with a strong advantage attributed to the low capacity of competitors in mid- and high-end markets in the industry (less than 20 per cent of the company ' s capacity), and to the private sector.
Medium- and low-end market holders (more than 30% of capacity) represented by business and small workshops are predominantly based on natural gypsums. A vertical comparison shows that in 2012 the proportion was only 65%, with rapid growth in just three years, indicating the effective implementation of the company’s national resource-grabbing strategy.
Energy consumption costs + brand advantage + sinking, consolidating the vanguard position – the company’s cardboard unit cost is reduced by 26% over five years, the average price is reduced by 16%, and the Māori rate is up by 8%. Raw materials (59%) and fuel power (23%) are the main costs in the company’s cardboard business.
Since then, the cost of raw materials needed for the production of 1 square metre gypsum (panel paper and industrial by-product gypsum) has decreased by 0.53 yuan, or by 23.62 per cent. The unit cost of fuel power (coal power) has fallen by 0.43 yuan/m2, or by 39.18 per cent. At the same time, the per capita capacity of companies has increased significantly by 78.5 per cent, and the unit of labour.
Overall, the unit cost of the gypsum sheeting decreased from $3.88/m2 in 2012 to $2.87/m2 in 2016, a decrease of 26.05 per cent. As a result, despite the average price of the gypsum sheet in recent years, there has been a reduction in the lubricating space.
The purchase price of raw materials has fallen far more than the market, thanks to the optimization of the procurement system and the advantages of size. The gypsum material is mainly paper protection, industrial by-product. The paper protection is an important raw material, accounting for about 30 to 40 per cent of the total cost of the gypsum, and its cost is largely composed of scrap paper (about 80 per cent).
The price of available tissue protection paper fell by about 4.7%, while the price of Thai paste was reduced by 32.1%, well above the market average. The price of industrial by-product gypsum was also reduced by up to 13% during the same period. The price of raw materials was reduced by more than market levels, thanks to the optimization of the procurement system and the advantages of size.
Purchase of buyers' markets. By virtue of its vanity and size, the company creates its own buyer's market for raw materials, while further promoting the centralization of goods, the establishment of a complete “trade-for-money” system and a “back-to-back” system, uniform tendering of raw materials, multi-priced purchases, and reduced extraction
Purchase costs, resulting in savings of approximately $176 million in procurement expenditure in the first half of 2016, representing about 8.5 per cent of the total value of the current cardboard operations.
Figure 15: Domestic beauty 8# prices (US$/tons) Imports 8# toshore prices have continued to rise from US$ 125/ton since 2016 to US$ 220/ton in March 2017, a 76% increase, with prices briefly falling back in March 2017 and again in April-July
In the first half of 2017, the average on-shore price of imports was about 30 per cent higher (US$ 190 per ton) than in the same period the previous year (US$ 146 per ton), while the price of raw materials increased significantly, resulting in higher cost of gypsum plates, and compressed profit space for the gypsum business.
In terms of energy consumption, according to the data provided by the Thai city's Information and Communication Commission, the average price of imports is 8# weeks (in US dollars/tonne) and the consumption of billboards and billings has been significantly reduced.
Compared to 1996, the consumption of company electricity bills fell from 0.63kwh/m2 to 0.42kwh/m2, a decrease of 33.33 per cent; the consumption of coal singles dropped from 2.2kg/m2 to 0.595 kg/m2 as compared to the previous 27 per cent, resulting in a significant increase in production efficiency.
The value of corporate brands rose from $7.6 billion in 2009 to $40.5 billion in 2016, a 4.3-fold increase. The ranking of China ' s 500 most valuable brands rose from 95 in 2009 to 75 in 2016.
The company's highest award in the Chinese industrial sector, the China Industrial Award, was the first award in the construction materials industry, and it is expected that the company's brand value will continue to rise in the future and that brand value will further strengthen the company's leadership.
In order to seize the opportunities for rural domestic market development created by the policy of new urbanized construction and construction materials, the company began to sunk its sales channels. The company used to focus its sales mainly on the first-line, second-line cities, and now on the second-line cities.
Focus on three or four line cities, even county-level townships, and establish strategic partnerships between renovation companies and industry clients to open up a full-source marketing model.
It will also extend to the county and subdistrict markets by building new production lines and expanding new markets, with full penetration at all levels of the country.
58%, the world’s largest cardboard producer. The top-end market of the gypsum is now dominated by the North’s dragon medals, Néfou, San Goban and Boro, but the latter three produce less than 18% of the public sector’s capacity, and have a municipal presence, domestic brand influence, priority engineering coverage, factories and channels.
There is a large gap between distribution, system support capabilities (the company is the only one that produces small- and medium-sized steel bones and cotton-sniffing soundboards that provide a full range of products and application solutions) and companies: one of the biggest players in the central end market, Tarzan, where low-end brands are largely dominated by small and medium-sized manufacturers, and production rules.
New house improvements + penetration + stock improvements, increased demand for three carts to pull the cast board, and the first four million m2-year automated cardboard production line, developed autonomously, became operational.
In 1983, a 20 million m2-year automated production line was introduced from abroad for new construction materials in the north. This was followed by a growing demand for and production of plaster plates, accompanied by the reform of the country’s walls and construction sector. As of October 2015, the domestic production of plaster plates was 2,977 million square metres, compared with the corresponding figure.
With about 3.6 billion square metres, the annual production of our cast board rose from 173 million square metres to 3.6 billion square metres in 2002-2015, at a compound rate of 26 per cent.
Chart 22: The annual increase in the production of gypsum plates The return to the warmth of real estate gives rise to the need to renovate new houses The new construction of real estate will take 1.5-2 years to complete.
The pace of growth continued to decline to -7.1 per cent in June 2012 after reaching a high of 72.4 per cent in May 2010, while the rate of construction completion continued to decline to February 2014 after reaching a high of 42.5 per cent in February 2012, with an accelerated growth in real estate investment since the beginning of 2016, a negative shift in the rate of growth in new construction and future new housing.
Since the beginning of the 16th year, real estate investment has been on the rise, rising from close to zero to currently stable at around 9%. The pace of new real estate construction has also shifted to a positive level, with projects starting at the beginning of the year nearing completion and fast transmission, and therefore real estate is expected to be on track for the next two years.
The completion area will continue to grow, leading to an overall increase in gypsum penetration at about 10 per cent of the demand for new house improvements, which will continue to rise in the future. The use of gypsums per capita in the country is increasing, but there is still a gap between 2010 and 2010 in the developed world.
The number of square metres/persons rose to 2.52 square metres/persons, an increase of 82 per cent. In 2014, the United States had 2 billion square metres of cardboard production, 627 square metres per capita, Japan had 527 million square metres of cardboard production, and the per capita use of 4.2 square metres was significantly higher, and there was still a significant increase in the oscillation rate in our country.
In 2014, the total amount of house construction was 1,075 million square metres, the amount of work done was 3.44 billion square metres, and the amount of work done was 3.2 square metres.
The percentage is about 20%, about 688 million square metres, and 809 million square metres of dwellings have been completed, so that the use of the carcasses per unit is only 0.85 square metres, with very low penetration rates.
▪ It is known that the United States and Japan consume about 8-10 m2 per year per unit of housing, almost 10 times as much as in my country. The huge difference between the penetration rate of domestic gypsums in the housing sector and those in the developed world is due to consumption-consumption restrictions and the large number of domestic residential walls, which lead to the use of gypsum plates on the walls.
With the reform and promotion of new light walls, increased awareness of environmental issues, and a growing share of the domestic market, the gypsum sheeting was made up of 80% of the total consumption of the wallboards, and about 70% of the ceilings, while 80% of the gypsums used for the wall outside the country.
Construction materials for light partitions will be increased in volume and will have wide market prospects. The second renovation of stock houses will bring about a new increase in the renovation of Chinese hotels, usually for 5 to 8 years, and homes for 8 to 10 years.
The Billion Investment Initiative, which stimulated demand in the real estate market, was launched in early 2009 and started in 2010 with a 20-40 per cent increase in real estate investment for nearly four years, driving a year-on-year increase in the sale of merchandise houses, with a significant increase of 44 per cent in total sales in 2009 compared to 2008 and a real increase in stock of merchandise houses.
As houses are about to begin their renovation cycle, the need for a second renovation of stock houses will bring about the development of a new blue sea of demand, a new kind of urbanization, and new building materials, such as gypsum, will be an important development.
▪ The rate of urbanization has risen steadily, reaching 57 per 1,000 by the end of 16 years, and in recent years the State has adopted a policy of vigorously promoting urbanization in the country. By the end of 16 years, the rate of urbanization had reached 57.53 per cent, planning to reach around 60 per cent by 2020, and efforts had been made to achieve the transfer of about 100 million people to agriculture.
As the country’s urbanization progresses, and building needs are being released, the future gypsum industry will continue to benefit from an increase in the rate of urbanization. The new urbanization will bring about a transformation of the infrastructure investment structure, leading to the development of new construction materials.
According to the Blue Book, the rate of urbanization in the country has increased by 1%, and the value of domestic production in the year was 1% - 2%. Since the introduction of our ppp model in 2016, the number of urbanization projects and investments in the ppp have also increased more rapidly.
By more than 50%, capital investment has stabilized, and the investment structure has shifted from traditional building materials to new building materials that are equipped with cities. The rate of urbanization is now close to 60%, and in the next urbanization process, new building materials, such as gypsum boards, waterproof paints, drainage networks, etc., will become available.
In September 2016, the State Department issued a report on the launch of the Global Campaign for the Advancement of Green Building.
The Guidance for Exhibited Buildings specifies a 10-year quota of 30% of the new buildings and the promotion of green materials. Since then, a number of safeguard policies have been put in place to ensure that the tasks are implemented and that the development of assembly buildings and green materials is integrated into the 13th Five-Year Plan.
All policies integrate assembly buildings with green materials and propose industry-wide chain-based development plans. Building materials innovation is an important component of building development.
The material industry has also launched a programme of action for the promotion and application of new forms of building materials, the 13th Five-Year Plan for Building Materials, and its development.
A number of policies, such as the exhibition of guidance, have contributed to the transformation of the construction materials industry, such as: full implementation by 2020 of “city limits, no city, no provincial city”, 80 per cent production of new forms of building (of which 20 per cent is part of the assembly) and 30 per cent of the green construction industry, with emphasis on paper cast boards, workers
The key to building energy efficiency is the energy saving of walls, the clay of traditional walls, bricks and cement, which are important reasons for the energy consumption and pollution of our construction industry. The gypsum is a world-renowned new energy-efficient wallwork with light, fast, high-intensity gypsum.
Industrial production, which is expected to become the main building block and crane material in the future. China’s building materials, “13th Five-Five” Construction Industries, have accelerated the development of light-quality, high-temperature, paper-based gypsums, etc.
The Federation develops high-quality walls such as low-conducting heat and high-intensity porcelain tiles, local assembly building policies are on the ground, and the Yuan New Zone will release 10 billion cardboard market space.
With the promulgation of the country's policy on the promotion of assembly buildings, several provinces and municipalities have adopted specific guidelines, accompanying measures or specific development requirements for the construction of the assembly.
Hebei Province, where the district is located, issued the "13th Five-Year Development Plan for Hebei Province Portfolio Building " , which aims to build a coordinated development of the Jingjin Portfolio Building, which will account for more than 20% of new construction by 2020 and 30% by 2025.
The Vice-President and Chief Engineer of the Engineering Research Institute, Zhang Feng, said that the future of Yu An-New Zone assembly building could be very interesting in the medium- and long-term market space of Yu-Am-New Zone. We're looking forward to the market space of Yu-An-New Zone. One of the seven priorities of Yu-An-New Zone is the construction of a new Green City of Wisdom, with an emphasis on rings.
It is expected that the use of the new zone will be higher than the national average.
▪ Population density: based on the 2015 Beijing (157,000 km/square), Shanghai (155,000 km/square), Shenzhen, due to the proximity of the new zone to Beijing and the economic development zone in Shanghai and Shenzhen
Population density data (12.8 million/square km), with pessimistic, neutral and optimistic projections  per capita residential area: data on the per capita residential area of urban areas in 2016  area of completed construction: due to the low housing stock in the new area, new housing is expected to be taken into account.
According to historical data, the total area of completed housing is about 75% of the total, and the non-residential coverage is about 75%: in the domestic housing sector, the current ointment board penetration rate is 0.85 m2/m2, which is used mainly for ceilings.
The moderate osmosis rate is expected to be 5 m2/m2 and optimistic is expected to reach 8-10 m2. Non-residential requirements will be 83 million m2 and 270 million m2 respectively.
Environmental protection has accelerated industrial integration, market concentration has increased, environmental integration has accelerated, and production capacity has been phased out as the country has forced the elimination of energy-intensive, polluting and technologically backward production lines.
Environmental policies such as “coal modification” and the introduction of large-scale modern production lines have led to a major restructuring of the cast industry, which in the long run has been conducive to the development of large-scale medium- and high-grade cardboard production enterprises, represented by new materials in the north.
In 2013, by order No. 21, the Commission amended the Directory of Guidance on Industrial Structural Adjustments (2011 edition) to recognize as phase-out the production lines of 10 million m2 years of capacity and 30 million m2 years of capacity as limits.
New construction projects are restricted, and the State Council ' s Decision on Issued and Implemented (No. [2005] 40) provides for a ban on investment and the failure of the relevant authorities at all levels to approve, approve, file or process, thereby eliminating a group of small-scale, technologically backward, low-tailored products.
Small-scale producers without autonomous brands. According to statistics, this type of backward production capacity is about 550 million square metres, or about 13%. Market concentration and barriers to entry have increased, and competition order has gradually been regulated.
For the subsidiary Tarzan cast (capable of about 80%) to have an annual production capacity of 1,582 million m2, of which the elimination of class capacity (<10 million m2/year) is zero, and the restriction of class capacity (<30 million m2/year) is 160 million m2, or 10.24%. As of June 2017, the North is home to new plate sizes.
With a capacity of 2,162 million square metres and a capacity of approximately 1.73 billion square metres by 80 per cent of the capacity of the Tarzan gypsum, the capacity of the restricted class dropped to about 9 per cent, below the national capacity limit (13 per cent or more).
The decision of the State Council on the promulgation of the Provisional Regulations for the Promotion of Industrial Restructuring allows enterprises to upgrade and upgrade within a certain period of time.
About 4 million square metres/year (steam production line), gradually upgraded to 10 million m2/year (heat oil production line), 20-60 million m2/year (series production line), with the ability and experience of technological upgrading. Since 2016, companies and Tarzan casts have produced more than 30 million m2/years.
New production lines were successfully advanced or operationalized, with 3 billion capacity plans announced in June 2017. With the expansion of high-quality production capacity, coupled with the upgrading of existing production capacity technologies, corporate capacity-restriction ratios will continue to decline in the future, further weakening the output-restrictive impact.
• Since the 2013 Action Plan for the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution, the coal-fired boiler phase-out policy, the national and the “2+26” urban coal gas conversion policy has been issued successively, with incentives (subsidies) and penalties.
The “13th-five” plan outline indicates that the priority city “coal gas conversion” project will be promoted by adding 45 billion cubic metres of gas to replace the coal-fired boiler, which will be 189,000 tons of steam.
The cost of fuel increased by 146% after the “coal gas conversion” and the pressure on small businesses to survive. Small coal-fired boilers are to be phased out, with generally low heat efficiency, at 60% heat efficiency, 5,000 kcal, at a market price of 600 kcals per day for coal and 8 hours per day for coal-fired boilers.
Similarly, the cost of running a gas boiler is $2364 per day, and the cost of “coal modification” increases by 146%. Small-scale enterprises, with their technological backwardness and higher energy consumption than Tarzan casts, face higher fuel costs, and lack economies of scale to sustain them.
In 2016, the company produced 1,632 million square metres of electricity, calculated at an annual cost of 685 million kilowatts of electricity, and at an annual cost of 526 million yuan.
1078 million yuan, or $552 million in fuel costs. The company's fuel is now predominantly coal, and the use of the cast restriction class in Tarzan is 10 per cent of the small coal-fired boilers that the company predicts will need to adapt.
After taking into account the corporate income tax (15% of the income tax rate of companies and companies associated with the gypsum business), the net gain is less affected by the “coal gas conversion” and can make a smooth transition. After the “coal conversion,” companies can quickly take over the empty market, and the net profit is expected to recover.
Companies have a clear advantage in terms of the size of their production capacity, branding and raw materials procurement. As the market rises, the company’s bargaining power will gradually grow, future assembly buildings will be heavily advanced, and cast panels are expected to increase their penetration of the wall, creating new development opportunities for the company.
The prices of raw materials paper have continued to rise, and the introduction of assembly buildings has been below expectations.
After the average calculation, the final rating is obtained as an average market investment The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the enterprise's fundamentals and assesses the results of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry in which it is located.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.