Incidents: 28 October, company quarterly report 2022, reporting period of company operating income Xiaomei Energy (600188) net profit of $26,840 million, an increase of 128.3 per cent over the previous period; cash generated from business activities
In 2022, q1-q3, the company produced 6.9287 million tons of coal, an increase of 239,000 tons (+0.3 per cent).
q3 home-grown coal sales were 22.442 million tons, a decrease of 17.14 million tons (-71 per cent) in the same year, and the ring was 1.97 million tons (-5.9 per cent) in 2022.
Coal industry + Inner Mongolia mining marketed 86.68 million tons of coal, an increase of 2.860 million tons (+47.9 per cent) in the same year and 895,000 tons (+11.5 per cent) in the ring comparison; and Australia base (Ausinos + Coal International) marketed 7,878,000 tons of coal, a decrease of 391.0 million tons (-33.2 per cent) in the same year.
Coal continued to be released after entering the joint commissioning operation in March 2022; the impact of the syrup coal mine improved, sales of 2022q3 recovered significantly, and the gold chicken bank coal mine of 2 million tons/year was well under way, releasing high-hot, high-quality coal production.
In 2022, the company sold its own coal at an average price of $1136.7 per ton, an increase of $514.5 per ton.
Plus 11.8 pcs, with 0.9 pccs plus ring ratio, of which 1203.0 yuan per ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/ton/
The average sale price of coal for the commodities of the imam base is $675.1 per ton, a decrease of $53.6 per ton (-7.4 per cent) in the same year, a decrease of $61.0 per ton (-8.3 per cent) in the cindseguritiesco., an increase of 0.4 pct in the same year.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Avenue of the West Side of the City of Beijing, with 4.2 pct more than the price of the ring; the average price of merchandise coal sold at the Australasia base is $1869.5 per ton, plus 1162.1 per ton (+164.3 per cent), plus 309.0 per ton (+19.8 per cent), and Māori.
Coal prices have remained high overall. Shandong's cokering product is subject to price fluctuations in the downstream steel industry, with sales ring pressure; the base has benefited from continued release, and tons of coal costs have been significantly reduced, and the Māori ratio has risen in comparison with the lower prices in the light season.
The production capacity and release of trenches, schizophrenia and gold-kidnoke coal mines is expected to improve further, and benefits from continued high overseas coal prices during the q2 and q3 seasons, high prices for Australian base coal sales, and further increases in the Maori ring, which are expected to increase the profitability of the company's coal plate.
The coal industry has steadily advanced, with the release of q3 chemical products increasing. q1-q3 in 2022, the company \triangleright sold 457,000 tons of chemical products, an increase of 554,000 tons (+13.8 per cent) in the same year, with the average product increasing.
q3 The price of chemical products has fallen. Elmer can be used for the production of the second-stage methanol plant, which has increased the capacity of the company to produce more ethanol; Lunan chemical production has recovered and acetic acid, acetic acetic ethylene, and vinylamide production has increased significantly.
There is a steady progress in the development strategy framework, and there is wide scope for corporate development and transformation. According to the company Development \triangleright
On the mining side, the production capacity of the coal mine during the joint test operation of the pit can climb well, with 2 million tons of coal in the gold chicken bank/annual production capacity increasing, and the production of the coal-rich coal-spiriting mining in the dragon Bay coal mine.
The construction of coal-chemical plates, corporate chemical products, tons of tons per year, 500,000 tons per year of high-temperature fifeto, etc., has been steadily advanced, and Lunan Chemical has achieved technological breakthroughs and has reached national and even global leadership levels.
The equity-shares sector has an unmarketed high-quality coal production capacity of over 130 million tons, with greater space for asset injection. Profit forecasting and rating: in the context of high energy inflation, we expect q4 in 2022 and the future to continue the potential for future growth in corporate coal, chemical panels (according to disclosure by the company at the end of 2021).
In the Development Strategy Framework, the company will “strengthen coal production to 300 million tons/year for 5-10 years”, at a price. We keep the company's “buy-in” rating by looking at the growth space of the company, the transition strategy for future development, and the high price of energy both within and outside the sea.
Risk factors: Significant and long-term failures in macroeconomic growth: failure to release \triangleright and expectations from production or capacity-building projects; risk of safe production accidents; increasingly restrictive regulation of coal production, etc.
Member of the Committee for Operational Audit, of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, and member of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), and for over a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th and fifth” national coal survey and development planning study, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice.
Since 2019, it has been responsible for research on the coal sector. Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the Chinese Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and a Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, have worked as a license in the field of electricity and natural gas.
He has worked for many years in coal production, technology management, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022.
Qin Ho, a master's degree in electricity systems from Austin, University of Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market conversion, virtual power plant applications, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry studies.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, a non-consensual and non-consensual component of the coal and coal industry, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.