The United States group [000333.ch] the United States group has become one of the most competitive home-based producers in the world, thanks to its good branding portfolio, a wide range of products, large scale of business and marketing networks. We have a positive look at the company.
So, as the company focuses on launching new high-end brands in the coming years, improving profit margins and integrating Kuka and Toshiba, the compound annual growth rate of profits for material companies has been maintained at 26% in 2017-2019. For the first time, we have developed high-end products to increase profit margins: whether in terms of number of products, market share, distribution networks or customers.
In terms of household loyalty, the American group is one of the most competitive home-based producers. The company has a number of famous brands, such as Toshiba, Cool Morning, and Ileks. The American group is expected to launch a new high-end brand in the country in August/September. The company is expected to raise the average price by raising prices and introducing new brands.
Air-conditioning products contribute to profitability: the air-conditioning business recorded a very high growth last year, with Māori accounting for the company’s total Māori overseas. Exports account for 43% of America’s total revenue (36% if robotics) and 30% of Māori.
Robotic operations: a boom in profit in 2018 and an engine for long-term profit growth.
In China, the penetration rate remains low, as well as the Kuka scale, which will sustain a long growth in the group robotics business. In addition, the benefit of depreciation and lower amortization costs is 56.544 billion dollars in the total Māori business.
Given the growth prospects for profitability, the current valuation is attractive. Since new high-end brands and export products will drive the profits, the target valuation is considered reasonable. Risk factors include: (i) China’s Real Estate and Air Conditioning Marketing and US Holdings Ltd.
Slow; (ii) price increases lead to a decline in market share; (iii) appreciation of the renminbi undermines exports from groups in the United States.
Wehaveataretpriceofmb67, Basedona 16xmultipleofour2019earningsforecast.this ourtoplineextactionsrelowstreet, utourhergrosmarginassumptions spoutestimatates mideaandqingdaohaier, twoofthlevelreallevelapplianceufacturers, bothtradefor12-13x2019e
I don't know what you're talking about.
At 16x2019-eper, midea'valuewouldbehighherthandomesticmanufacturersandinline with the internationalmanufacturers.
*mediafiguresbasedonccisforeast premiumizationtodrivemarginuplift
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, midea'sbroadproducediffentiatietromchief competitorsgreeandhaier.prourestemates, airconventionsandsmallapplicanceswerethemostsignificantprofitdriversformeditain2017. 62%ofrevenuesbutapproximately 70%ofitscrossprofit.mideais
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if you're the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know what you're talking about, mâandjvstrategytodrivemargincrease althoughdetailsoftheppremibrandararescarce (medaiskeeeping thebrandnamesecretfornow), mideaitseldisnostrangerthoh-endproducts. withbeenactiveinm&atransactionsaswellas
Forexample, midea'stoshibaacquitionin providesidewithupmarketbrandandandaccessto toshiba's 5,000patentsfortext40years.toshiba'sprimarilycompetsinwashingmachines,
Inchina, toshiba's applicacist premiumtomidea.forexample, midea'sbest-sellingmirowaveontmallretalsforbormb379vs.
Toshiba's mostpopularunit, whichretailsforrb2,000. Mida's 60% owned jvixchucheniexampleofajvwhochwillhelpmedeemoveuptvalue chain. cochensoussouthkorea'sssecondgradestproduceofelectricookers, 40% wapproximately
I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry, ma'am. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Theaegbrandwasoffiallylaunchedinachinaattheapplicabilitysworld expoinshanghaionmarch8, 2018.asthefiresshows, midea'shigh-endbrandsarrepriced significanthigherthemideabrandran.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, tmall:miciatopselingpressurebooks (sortedbypularity) once: tmall, cgisresearching airconventions:continuetodriveearnings
The airconvention meeting meetingtimesidea'smostimomportantproducategory, representing 45%ofgrosprofit.domistically, thea creketisdominatedbythreiplayersgree, midea, andhaier, whichcontrol roughly ~70%ofthemark.greeistheleadplayerthedomesticchinacinecarket.however,
q12018: acrowthstilstrong 2017wasaboomyeforchina's andresetduotweather, lowchannelinventory, da
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
20% yooyinq 12018, withcell-inandend-user installing.inapril, midea'sacrowthdeleratedto20% yoyyy. haieracrevenuegrew~20%yoyinq12018, withSegmentrevenuegrowing~20%oy
20% yoy, inlinewittmanagement operations.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys.
For 2018, weunderstandtat, asaresultofnwmodelsandpriceinpreces, aspsonmidea'sacunits would beasebyrm300-400. insteaflagglinggree'spricingbyalisticalfacrofrim 700-800, thispricehike, cobinedwithstablerawmatarealprices, shouldupportmidea's Grossmargin
Wemodelrosmarginsforairconventioningtoexpandroom 29% in 2017to 31% - 32% in 2018-2020.our Grossmarginassumptionsformideaarestilbellowgree, butinlinewithhaier's currentacmargins.
These are: 43% of the total population of the world.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but you're not going to be able to do it.
Domesticsales.accordingtomidea, 70%ofexportsarecompulsedofoemandodbusiness, unconditionally 30%ofmetemixcomprises'sbrandedproducts. source: annualreports, cgisresearch
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Inkukafrom 13.5 per cent to 94.55 per cent. Midienteur 3.7bln (rmb27bln) for 81 per centofkuka.
If you don't like it, you're gonna have to take it out of here.
"Midea'skukaacquitionwasnotmidea's firstforayintothoboticsfield.priorcomplishingthekuka acquitionin2017, mideaowned 13.5%ofkuka, and hasbeengradualbuildingexpertisein the roboticsmarketforseveralyyears.someimportantstepsincludethefollowing:
Prideskukaacquition, mideawasalongtermkukacustomer, sponding ~rmb1-1.5bln annuallyonkukarobots. mideauseska'srobotsprimarilyforpackaging, transportation, and pinsprayingtasks.midea'sincreaseduseofrotroboticsheldthecompanyreduceitsstaff
Two hundred thousand from 2011toaround 120,000 by 2016. 2.in2015, midwaywesd 65mlntoentientotwojvswith japaneseerobotmanufacturer yaskawa.yskawaisoneofthetop4roboticsproducersglobally, whichincludeab (abbn).
vx, Fanuc (6954.jp), Yaskawa (606.jp), andkuka.oneofthejvsisfousedonbringing yaskawa'srobotsforeldercareandphysicaltheothothothothechinamarket.thesecondjvis focusedonbringyaskawa'sndusdustrialrobotstothothamarketket.
3.in 2016, miniapurchased 17.8% fanhuiefortforusd 8mln (rmb45mln). anhuieffort buildsrobotsforcarpainting (autoindustry), aswellaslistics,welding,painting, and 4.in2017, mideaacquiredacontrollingsterenervotronixforusd170mln.servotronixnan.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, it's going to be in the middle of something, it's going to be in the middle of something, it's going to be in the middle of something, it's going to be in the middle of something, it's going to be in the middle of something, it's going to be in the middle of it, it's going to be in the middle of it, it's going to be in the middle of it, it's going to be in the middle of it, it's going to be in the middle of it, it's going to be in the middle of it, it's going to be in the middle of it, it's going to be in the middle of it, it's going to be in the middle of it, it's going to be in the middle of it, it's going to be in the middle of it, it's going to be in the middle of it.
Growthprospectsforroboticsincinnaaroperosingforhightrees: (1) increasingwageratesinthe manufacturingsector, (2) agingpulation, and (3)lowroboticspentation, especiallyoutside the autundindustry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Timeofacquisition, aroudhalfofkuka'sssaleswerefromtheautosegment, andhalfofsalescomefrom europe.inthiscontext, kukaisreactivelyunderexposedtotechinamarket, wofsales fromchinina2017.chinawasresponsiblefor ~30%offtotrobotdemandin2016, or87,000otof2016
288,000 robotssoldacording to the internationalfederationofroboticsfederation(ifr).china's sharedexpectedtofurtherncrease 40%ofglobalbrobotsalesby 2020. midea'slocalmarkeknowlege, implementationcapacitates, and researchshipscanssupportkuka's
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to have to go to the hospital, but we're going to have to go to the hospital, and we're going to have to go to the hospital, and we're going to have to go to the hospital, and we're going to have to go to the hospital, and we're going to have to go to the hospital, and we're going to have to go to the hospital.
I don't know what you're talking about.
& LogisticsSegment, 20% above). kkagrew 18% yoyin 2018 andearnedneda 3% ebitmargin.by 2020, managementExpectskukato achieverevenuesofeur 4.5bln, implying 10% caprgroth.consisingkuka's 2013-2017groth
Even though 2020, the management of sex sexmarginstoimproveto ~ 7.5%, upfrom 3.9%adjustebit marginsin2017onthebackofgroupingenerindustryandlistics.
*Percentagesdonottotalto 100% dueintersegmentilimentiskfactors
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what to do, but I'm not sure if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one.
Interestandvestmentcome overthepast5years,netinterestincomendvendmentincomehavecontracted, anaverage over rmb2blnperyeartopbt.in2017forestance,netinterestincomecomendinvendmentintermecomecontracted
~10%ofpbt.achangeininterestrateorunextedlossonvesmentincoulldimples integrationriss miniasbeenactivehenhem&amarket, mostrecentwiththeacquitionofkukaandtoshiba.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
You know, thesmallscaleroboticscompaniescancompetewithkuka, whichcouldimpactkuka'smarketshare and profibity commodeprices
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to do this, but I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, ma'am, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
sharesofmediagroup, naguuratingfulpartnershipbetweenthetwodomesticgiants.asof overseasbranchesand12stratecbusinessunits.shareholdingstructure
Atthelastdate, the currentchairofmideaggroupfanglongtowns 2.1%ofthecompany, with therestoftheboarding 0.05%ofthecompany.thefounderofmideaggrouphexiangjianstill indirectlysanearn 35% stone.
Intheendof2014, Xiaomiacquireda 1.3%stakeinmideaggroupwittrb1.27bilion, obtaining the righttonomateoneeniormanagementmemberasadirector.mideaggroup'sboardofdirectorsCurrentlyconstsistsof10boardmeisters.xiaiomideabothdothdescribetheirrelationshipshipshipsasasa.
The cappitaltie-upwith suburbanisseen asawelcomedchangeintermsofmidea'sambitioningthedomestecleaderofsmarthome applications.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
1.) From 2013-2016, midea's Grossmarginsincreastedsteadialasaresultofimprovingprodutmix and gradualpricehikesinabenignmmoditypricingenvironment. Grossmarginsdeclinedin 2017onaccoountofhighhercommoditypricesandexpensesfromthekukaandtoshiba
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
i) inventoryincreastedsteeplyin2017,butthiscousultofield-endeffectand
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
From 2013 to 2017, mideaspentapproxatelynetrm10bnperyearon"investments."
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
2.) (d & aexpensedeclinesin 2018asppeensefromthekukaandtoshibaacquialtionsrollsoff 3.) indécentyears, mideahasmaintainedadividendayotratiof 45%4.) in2017, thelargeacquisiccaseoutflowisdoothothothothekukaacquition.
I don't know what you're talking about, figure 19: simpliedconsolidadedstatementofcashflows sources: copanyannualreport, cgisresearch displayer
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, therevantparties whereby disclaimanoftheirlibilitiesarisingfromtheinacuracy, incorrectnessancompletesofthisreportportanditsattachment/sand/or anyactionorororalmissionmadeinrelancementotherof.accompetently, that isreportmustbereadinconjunctionwiththisdisclaimer.disclosloslosofinterests
(68811.hk; 601881.ch) thedirectand/orindirecting companypanyof thegroupofgroupofcompaniesunderachinagalaxyinternational. chinagalaxy internationalmayhavefinianinterestsinability to thesubjetedcompaniment(ies) thesecuritiesinrespectoshishirereviewedviewhisreport, and suchintersaggregatetoanamountmayequaltoormore 1% ofthesubjectedcompaniment(ies).
Noormoredirectors, officersand/oremployeesofchinagaralaxyinternationalmaybeadirectororofficerofthesecuritiesofthecompanies(ies)mentionenthis cinagalalaxyinternationalinternationalotherelevantpartiesmay, totheextentpermittedbylaw, fromtimetimeparticipateorinvestininvestintainentintainmenttransactionswith the securitiesofthecompanity(ies)intitsreport, performservicesforsorisisfundsacistusefriendschpany(ies), and/orjaveapositionorhording, orother
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orwillbe, directlydirectedtoothesspecialviewsexpressed by theanalystisthimsthatneotherthenalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconfducussuedby thehongongsecuritiesandfutures commission) (1) hasdealtinortradedinthesecuritiescoveredintsreresearchreport wiithin30calendardayspriortotothedateofissueofissuesaturereport; (2)
Inortradein thesecurities covertedIresearchstreamstreamstreamissuesday afterthedatateofissuesreport; (3) serviceasan officeofofthehongkong-listedcompaniescoveredinthisreport; and (4) hasannyfinalinterestsinthehongkong-listedcompaniescoveriesdirectmentreports. explanationonequitatings
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
No partifthismalmaybereproducedoredistributed without thepriorwrittenconsentofachinagalexyinternationalsecuritys (hongkong)co., Limited. 20/f,wingoncentre, 111 connaughtroadcentral, Sheungwan, Hongkong.generalline: 3698-68888.