America Group: 50 over the Energetic Foundation, Silence Water, 19th of April 2018, deep-stream technology group sails on a long voyage.
In 1968, the United States group was founded in Guangdong by the original plastic processing group, and now has become a cross-consumption appliances, warm air.
Globalized technology groups that adapt, robotic and automated systems, and smart supply chain operations around the world have about billions of dollars, 51% more than the same year, a net profit of 17.3 billion yuan to the mother, 18% more than the same year, or 26% more. How do we look at America’s moat?
The pioneers took the lead in promoting mbo in the a-share, and the company took the lead in resolving property rights issues at an early stage: at the organizational level, there was a matrix system of industries, which combined four horizontal platforms with a combination of power-sharing and concentration synergies; at the employee level, there was a modern career manager system, and a rolling roll-out of equity incentives to tie core management and staff.
The third is the channel, which has already sunk down. One, two, two lines, Suning America, three, four-line flagship stores covering more than 95% of cities, and more than 60 branches abroad.
In the last 17 years, full net sales have passed by 40 billion, with the Kyoto/Tianjin Cat/Suning ranked first, with strong channels to keep the good product alive. The fourth is the cost and supply chain, where the large volume of sales has a significant scale effect, which is more significant than later, with sufficient capital to operate from suppliers on credit; and the t+3 management model plus back-and-end information to make the entire supply chain more accessible.
The fifth is branding, known as "American" brands over the years, with a value of 85.9 billion in 2017, aeg/Toshi/Cool morning/clivet upwinds, with full-priced brand matrices formed. Based on these moats, the company emptied ice rinsed in 2017 in 2/3/2 and a small battery of products ranked first, with warm air conditioning in 2017.
Business income grew by nearly 40%, fully benefiting from the industrial growth driven by the increase in real estate + weather + pipelines; ice-washing 30% + household power exceeded industry, consumption was rising significantly, the average price of ice-washing rose by 15-20%, and multi-kind taps were difficult to shake. The Māori ratio remained largely stable in both the air-conditioning and consumer appliances industries in the face of a sharp rise in the price of raw materials.
For industrial robots, the Chinese market is expected to grow by 20% per year + high-quality soil, with 30.5 billion companies buying 95% of Kuka's shares (44x in 17 years), and achieving this in 17 years. Kuka, as one of the four largest families of industrial robots, earns 27.1 billion in 2017, an 18% increase.
The most robust growth among the ethnic groups is in the form of robotics, systems integration, and three major pieces of Rishig (storage logistics plus medical automation). The 18-year-old American joint venture with Kuka and the new production base capacity are expected to double the income of China, which will also be the main driver of Kuka’s income growth.
In the case of smart supply chains, which are also used as a 20% annual growth + 500 billion + Blue Sea market, the company is dependent on the company's own supply chain efficiency and provides smart logistics solutions for external customers.
- Air conditioning: the current industry channel stock of 28,850,000, although high, pre-season seasons, with a 40 per cent/30 per cent increase in retail sales on/down-line in March and a high-growth downstream stock logic that is expected to continue for 18 years.
1. Half-yearly, the first half of the year was marked by an 11 per cent increase in air-conditioning revenue from home-based electricity operations; ice-washing: 18 years of new demand for electricity in rural areas peaked and 17 years of average prices continued to rise, and 18 years of ice-washing revenue was projected to increase by about 25 per cent; and small household electricity: 17 years of dishwashing machines, 17 years of electricity
2. In full cooperation with China, 5g vacuum cleaners, cooking power, etc. have more than doubled, while rice canteens, etc., have increased steadily and are expected to grow at an overall rate of 20 per cent over 18 years.
The “buy-in” rating is maintained on the basis of the current profit projection against comparable corporate valuation levels.
In 1968, the United States group established the North Korean Commune Plastic Processing Unit, which was founded in China in 1968 by Guangdong, the former president and chief executive of the company, He He He Heniang, a community-owned village enterprise. In 1993, it completed its listing in the deep market, making it our first listed company to be converted from a village enterprise.
The American conglomerates, which hold shareholders in the company, absorb the electric appliances (listed companies) in the United States in exchange for shares, and the American conglomerates are now on the market as a whole, and the company’s operations at the beginning of the listing cover electricity, small household power, electrical power and logistics, bringing together the entire spectrum of the domestic electricity industry, the front and back ends, and the channels.
At present, the company has become a global technology group across consumer appliances, heating and air conditioning, robotics and automation systems, and smart supply chain operations. The 2016/2017 company, with its 12 strategic business units, continues to expand overseas markets, accounting for 43.19% of corporate sales abroad in 2017.
In the future, companies will continue to deepen efficiency and build cost-competitive advantages, promote the global layout of their operations, and strengthen the industrial layout in the field of robotics and industrial automation.
The founder of the United States was the company’s real controller, with a concentrated equity structure. The company’s original owner, the company’s electronics owner, US Tot Investments Company, was named in 2004, and the chairman of the company’s board of directors, who held 55% of the company’s shares, was the company’s first shareholder. After the stock exchange in 2013, the American group, the American holding company, was the company’s first shareholder.
The shareholding group, 34.75%, is the controlling shareholder of the company. As of 2017fy, the proportion of direct and indirect ownership by Mr. Henley totals 32.56%, the actual controlling person of the company. The firm’s equity structure is stable and has not changed significantly since the exchange of shares took place in 2013. The company’s first generation of core management, as the actual controller of the company, is at the level of the equity structure.
To provide a sound platform for corporate development and a consistent management style. 1.3 Core management with a high degree of long-term experience, precision in the future development of the company at the helm, currently members of the core management team of the company are career managers who have been trained in American business practices, most of them in their possession.
M.A. and above, with an average of more than 15 years of internal service in the United States, a wealth of experience and management experience in the industry, a profound understanding of the electricity industry in the world and in China, an accurate grasp of the business environment and the management of business operations, and a firm foundation for stable future development.
The growth rate of 1.417 was 18,85 per cent per annum; the growth rate of 241,919 million in 2017 was 51.4 per cent, with Kuka, Toshiba and $15.1 billion in revenues, excluding Toshiba and Kuka.
It also affects the growth rate of 31.43% in the company’s primary sector. Of these, 95352 million were collected in heating and air-conditioning camps and 38.74% more; 17fy, which combined the revenues from the icy washing of small household electricity into consumer appliances, achieved 98.748 billion in the division and increased the same rate by 29.02%. For the single category, the same increase was 31% for washing machines and 30% for refrigerators and small homes.
Māori rate: The Māori rate has risen steadily since the company was listed, and has fallen slightly by Kuka. The annual Māori rate has fallen by 25.03 per cent, compared to 2.3 pct: 1) over 17 years, the price of raw materials has been substantial.
The company’s 17-year spread of the price increase in raw materials through product structure optimization, and its low profitability remains relatively good.) The company’s reporting line accounts for 2,414 million dollars in amortization costs for the acquisition of kuka and Toshiba, which are lower than the Māori level. 3) Kuka’s 17-year cost input due to production bottlenecks in the system’s integration operations.
Large, the Māori rate itself fell from 26 per cent in 16 years to 21.7 per cent in 17 years. Cost-side: the effects of the scale of sales costs are evident, management rates are stable, foreign exchange forwards are having an impact on hedge exchange losses.
The cost of corporate sales has been stable. The effect of scale is evident in 17 years, when the cost of corporate sales decreased by 0.01 pct on a year-on-year basis. The management costs are expected to stabilize as a result of Kuka’s continued investment in research and development spending to drive the manufacture of new products for the company. The company’s 17-year foreign exchange forward contract recorded a gain of $1,071 million on the impact of hedge exchange losses on net profits.
The annual net profit of the company is 17,284 million plus 17,70%, and the net interest rate is 7.14% lower than the corresponding rate is 205 pct is kuka and the effect is to increase the elasticity of the company’s interest rate in the future as Kuka expands into maturity. The company’s profitability is so strong that the total asset turnover and equity multipliers are reduced, with a slight decline in the roe.
Impacting overall net sales interest rates, borrowing financing to pay the M & As to raise the equity multiplier, roe 25.63 per cent remained stable at a relatively high level, with a strong corporate profitability.2 Management team + R + brand + channel to build a strong moat
2.1 The company's governance structure is far-sighted, and the career manager + the Ministry of Enterprise + the Equity Realization Team is fully equipped. 2.1.1 In the case of Mbo, a company listed in our country, the first to resolve the issue of corporate property rights was implemented in 2001, when management became the company's first shareholder.
How the first generation of corporate leaders can proactively promote mbo resolution of corporate property issues and address the risks of commissioning agents in corporate governance. The United States management acquisition is considered to be the case of our listed company mbo, as a long-term incentive system to link employee interests to enterprise development, to facilitate clarity of property rights, to improve governance, and to show that companies are involved in business.
2.1.2 The management career manager system provides the basis for a stable and sustainable development
The company’s business manager, Hongbo, replaces the director of the group who is well-known, and completes the business manager’s relationship with the founder of the company. The company’s change to a traditional family-type business-like management model, avoiding the growing expansion of business and managing the extension of the radius, reduces the efficiency of business operations and introduces career managers to share business development gains with the company.
2.1.3 The Ministry of Enterprise is fully decentralized, building on the United States' vast hard bones, a decentralized model of “centralization, orderly separation of powers, licensing and tenure”. Since 1996, the company has been overhauling its management system to form a product-centred enterprise. In 2000, the company was in the former state.
On the basis of the reform, the Ministry of Industry has been fully implementing the transformation of the business sector into a “market-based enterprise.” Prior to this, the company has established a decentralized business model of “centralization, decentralization, decentralization, licensing and tenure”, which provides the basis for the long-term sound development of the public administration.
The Ministry of Enterprise has full autonomy to improve the efficiency and enforcement of corporate decision-making.