After diversity, we're opening up a double-tracking big picture, and we're reporting the depth of America's group (000333).
The beauty of Cheng Yu is 50 miles, creating an inherent advantage of management and operation, backed by the existing internal sales market, s1480510120012
The medium-term expansion is based on regional diversification, with industrial robots as a long-term stereo-industry pattern. First, management of business strategy achievements are inherently advantageous. Ministry of Industry matrix management, the “t+3” model and logistics flat 52-week share price range ($)
Second, the market for internal sales is a strong back-up and a prerequisite for the industrial layout. Focusing on the high-growth void, the product diversity of the product class is robust and captures the relative advantage of growth.
Total equity/flowa (millions) Markets such as medium-end high-end products, sunk urban and rural areas, power lines, etc., with multiple levels occupying higher points of industrial acceleration.
Relying on Hee-Pura’s history, it is clear that regional diversification is necessary. As the market matures, America’s overseas strategy is driven by a 43% share of revenue, with Asia and the Pacific accounting for more than half of it, versus India and South-East Asia.
In India, and South-East Asia, markets will become the hotspot of global domestic demand. Regional holdings are low, with climate and population being driven, and potential markets in ice-washing areas are estimated at 380 million, 510 million, and 710 million.
iv. The industrial robot market is a long-term track, with Kuka joining China’s blue-sea market. As China’s market forces global growth in industrial robots, population ageing, labour shortages, rising human costs, and so on, the development of indigenous industrial robots is urgently needed.
With the advantages of full-line product coverage, top-level control technology, and system integration experience, the Kuka will be able to get water in the Chinese market. The 3c power sector will be a robotic breakout point, with demand and volume increases leading to China’s market.
1 - The traditional volume of business has risen, and the technology group has been transformed at the beginning of its transformation.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Air conditioners, small household electricity markets, short- and long-term upswings, medium- and long-term layout determinations 2, " America ' s (000333.sz) incident rating: Kuka ' s new productive China market, deepening integration with the United States "
3 “The beauty group (000333) research brief: the “brain” of diversity in the landscape” 2018-01-154 and “The beauty group (000333)” 2017 semi-annual reviews:
A strong growth of revenue and an aggressive strategy for globalization.
1. Since 1968, when Mr. He was leading 23 employees to start their own businesses, the company with 50 years ' worth of thin hair and 50 years ' worth of electricity, with over 130,000 employees, covered the entire industrial chain of household electricity and electricity, became a huge industrial asset in 2018.
Its own management advantages have enabled the United States to build a solid foundation in China’s early home and electricity industry, thereby making it more strategic and less efficient. So far, a robust market has been created, backed up by the existing whole goods market, a medium-term growth point with the diversification of overseas regions, and a long-term new track with investment in robotics.
1.1 The headlines have performed well, with robust growth and leading the country’s electricity. Since 2013, when America’s entire group came to the market, business income has been strong.
In 2013-2017, the annual compound growth rate was 18.8%, and the rate of growth was significantly higher than the average growth in the electricity sector. In 2017, US$ 24,1.9 billion in gross operating income and $17,280 million in net revenue were at the top of the list of countries with electricity in China. The rate of growth was 51.35%, compared to the industry average of 39.5%, and the company-led electricity industry.
The American brand value is strong. In 2018, the brand value was $3.896 billion, and in 2018, the brand value of the United States was $3.896 billion.
In the context of the consistent concentration of the power-powered at home, the beauty of the United States has gained increasing recognition in the Chinese electricity market. The beauty markets are at the top of the list, rising from year to year.
The electricity class has gradually taken the lead. Air conditioning, the dominant power market for the United States, has stabilized at 25%: refrigerators, washing, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, clothing markets, from 7.3% and 14% at the beginning of 2013, with rapid expansion at a time of 16.5% and 30.4%; and root
According to data from the retail sales of Mid-Eicon, cooking power and small household appliances have also been growing at a high rate in recent years, with some of them holding a steady 40% or even a higher share. The alumni effect of beauty and the diversification of its products have led to a consistent trend of eating and strong.
Figure 4: Changes in the share of small household electricity retailing in American cooking and electricity 1.2 Strategic advantages of management are the imperial cornerstone 1.2.1 Department of Enterprise matrix structure to improve management efficiency
The advanced group management business model of the United States, which emerged in the 50 years of electricity boom in China, is a core competitiveness. As a result of major organizational reforms in 1996 and 2000, the company developed a product-centred business sector system and established a decentralized business model of “centralization, orderly division, decentralized and decentralized.”
With the expansion of the company's products, the company has now formed 10 major product lines and four platforms that, through horizontal and horizontal coordination and centralization, are responsible for research and development production and marketing, are structured into matrix management, are fully autonomous and collaborative, and are more efficient and implementable at all levels of decision-making.
The American Group (000333), the two-track grandeur after pluralism, figure 5: America's Group Sector Matrix Management
1.2.2 The business model optimizes operational efficiency The United States is fully implementing the “t+3” model in its production operations, with a view to significantly improving the efficiency of its operations through the elimination of production.
The United States has taken the lead in trying to eliminate the traditional “large-scale, low-cost” business strategy by replacing it with a “t+3” production model driven by customer orders, which is known as the “t+3” model, which refers to the supply of raw materials (t+1) after receiving orders from customers, and factory production (t+2)
The source of financial wisdom in the East is the streamlining of sku and the improvement of storage efficiency.
Small swans, driven by t+3, continued to improve their performance since 2012. Business income remained high at more than 20%.
In the current context of Internet-driven platforms, logistics systems, transport, and production automation, the flexible customization of the t+3 model will further improve the efficiency of internal operations.
On transport platforms, WFE coordinates upstream and downstream, as well as industry ministries, to coordinate movement movements and maximize group-scale benefits. The conglomerates have the most powerful scale effect in the domestic electricity industry, achieving scale integration by pooling procurement volumes, increasing upstream bargaining power, and reducing costs.
Internal control of raw materials and products is carried out through the Andedi logistics platform, and the Group's warehousing is centralized, further saving operating costs by unifying all products.
Finally, through the platform’s related sales, it promotes the marketing of various types of goods and creates synergies. By shortening the business cycle from logistics, figure 9: Ander’s supply chain solution followed by Kuka’s acquisition, and the original kuka’s swisslog worked in depth with Ander on hardware.
The provision of a full set of smart equipment, including robotics, agv, box technology, pallet technology, has led to the installation of logistics that significantly improves the efficiency of automated logistics warehousing transport and expands third-party logistics markets. 1.2.3 R & D accumulation ensures long-term momentum
In the first decade of the twenty-first century, the United States was keen to propose a strategy of specialization led by “products ahead.” In recent years, the scale of investment in research and development in the United States has continued to increase, and the proportion of investment in research and development has continued to rise. By the end of 2017, the United States had set up 20 research centres in nine countries around the world, for five years.
In 2017, more than $8.5 billion was invested in research and development, and the share of research and development that was driven by kuka was reduced, while the proportion of research and development that affected the United States, after Kuka, was 4.38%.
Figure 12: The number of U.S. inventions in 2017 is Global Household Power I. Figure 13: The U.S. Group IV R & D system has accumulated a thick and thin body of technology, and STI leads the electricity industry.
By the end of 2017, US aggregate domestic patent applications had exceeded 70,000. In the Global Innovation Report 2017, released by the former Townsend Reuters, the American Group was in the field of home-based electricity.
For the third year in a row, the number of inventions is close to the sum of the two-fourths. 2. Existing cornerstones: product diversification has shaped the inner market. For 50 years, the beauty of the United States has succeeded in achieving sound production through early attempts at product specialization and new product classes.
The product covers air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, smokers, stoves, and all kinds of small electricity, while the core components of electricity and logistics are mainly supplied internally. In a strong, powerful industry, power and power, it takes up the heights of growth.
2.1 Air conditioners are the main source of internal sales demand The air conditioner market is now very fast to sell, which is driving the growth of the household electricity industry.
In the last two years, the combined increase in ice shrouding has been only 1.37% and 6.83%. Only one person in electricity has maintained a high rate of growth due to breaking the “one-house” limit.
There's a lot of certainty about the growth of a billion potentials. And in the rural market space, which is relatively lagging in the home electricity market, air conditioning is only 47.6 per cent, and it's growing rapidly and it's a huge source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Figure 15: High and sustained growth of air conditioners (desk/house) in urban and rural electricity holdings. American groups use air conditioners as the backbone of the industrial structure, i.e., to capture the high growth market for household electricity sales. The early days of the United States were air conditioners, with company air conditioners accounting for up to 43% of the main business income so far.
Figure 16: Three-line, rural market air-conditioning retail sales are growing rapidly, and on this basis, companies are plowing the air-conditioning industry, and the layout captures a segmented area with a higher comparative advantage.
In the air-conditioning segment, the three-to-four line and the rural market are areas of increased acceleration. As the second-line air-conditioning coverage increased, retail sales increased at less than 5 per cent in recent years, while the third-line and rural spread of potential space to pull the whole market. In the air-conditioning segment, the transformer was the main product category and maintained a high growth rate.
The share has risen to 55.4% for the entire air-conditioning market, and as consumption has escalated, it has steadily increased over the years in proportion to 2%.
The beauty of high-growth segmented markets captures a high rate of growth in air-conditioning markets. Compared to the market share of the company as a whole and the related segment, the company’s market share of the market is clear in such niche markets as the three- or four-line area and the rechannel type, which are significantly higher than average, as a result of the company’s strategy to upgrade and sink its products.
According to Wind, sales in 2017 amounted to 34.69 million units, an increase of 43.53 per cent over the same year, significantly higher than the average increase of 30.5 per cent in the same year.
Since the United States group integrated in 2013, the corporate air conditioning industry has expanded while maintaining full product coverage in the home power sector. As the share of refrigerators, washing machines, and small cooking power has gradually increased, a reasonable product structure has significantly increased the company’s ability to deal with risks.
In the case of demand stimulus in the overall market for products, there are dividends and a robust harvest. East’s financial and intellectual booms have stabilized in the top three commodity markets, with a steady increase in peak concentration.
Stable, with three major white power plants at the top of the market, with a wide range of small household power holdings, some product markets even exceeding 50 per cent, and product concentration steadily increasing over the last three years. The high-impact and positive competition from the scale effect has resulted in market crushing achievements.
In addition, the product diversification structure allows companies to fully enjoy the market dividends of the power upgrades that have been introduced in recent years, and the market demand for different products has been documented. The increase in sales and air-conditioning demand for the upgrades of washing machines under domestic electricity in 2009 - 2011 has led us to predict that the refrigerator will be in use by the end of 2018.
The rise in Eastern financial and intellectual resources has led to a newer trend, which has further boosted market sales. The company’s product diversification advantages have contributed to the long-term dynamism of overall performance.
In 2016, the market dividend for washing machines rose by 34.1%, and the corresponding sales increased by 29% the following year. In 2017, the United States also enjoyed a boom of 38.7% in dividends, both of which were higher than the average in the industry.
Since then, companies are expected to benefit from the growth of their operations with the benefits of product diversification. 2.3 Building channels on the hegemonic platform.
In 2017, the company went online and collected more than $40 billion, nearly double the 20 billion in 2016, and sold electricity all over the country.
The biggest company, with close to 30% of total internal sales, works in depth with the two main platforms, Kyoutung and Skycat, where sales are ranked first in the domestic electricity industry. In 2017, the two main platforms were used to generate up to 95% of revenue online.
Deepening cooperation on big data, full channels, supply chains, and other operations. The deep-seated Internet dividend of the loaner platform, such as the sales target of 2018 set with Kyouta, will reach a further $30 billion.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is a combination of marketing, with online product markets taking over the net. The American, with its own prophetic pre-emptive power-market strategy, uses the full-channel layout of "Charlie Users on the Line and Order Plus Sub-Standards Plus Logistics Stores" through a big data-combined product program.
The combined marketing effect of the whole product group is evident. Deepening online channels makes some of the company’s products even better off than many years of under-the-line market accumulation.
In general, for 50 years, the United States Group has built its foundations on high-demand air conditioners, diversified its products to ensure overall stability and characterization, and seized the new power-market platform, which eventually led to the creation of a solid industrial layout for the domestic market. And the strong control and robust growth of the internal market is also a prerequisite for its external expansion, making the United States empire viable.
A true conglomerate has undoubtedly become one of the global telecentres in size and business, but its outstanding performance has been driven more by strong market incentives in China and the US.
The American bloc still has much to offer on the medium- and long-term strategic layout. The diversity strategy of the 3.100-year-old Heiyepo is inspired by the 107-year-old history of the international leader Hei Poe since 1911, rooted in an equally large demand for internal sales.
The country’s market, which follows the specialization of single washing machine producers, the diversification of products, and regional diversification leading to globalization and integration of attractive groups. 3.1.1 Regional diversification strategies are essential to the saturation of local markets.
In the end of World War II, Hei Rao focused on the washing machine industry, moving rapidly from specialization to product diversification strategies in the 1950s to the creation of industrial structures in the 1980s covering white power, cooking power, small household electricity of all kinds.
As domestic markets saturated at the end of the 1980s, the marginal cost of continuing to raise the domestic market was too high, and the profits were spread as a result of intense competition. In the US, the indigenous electricity market was as high as 91% in 1994, and home-based electricity firms began to accelerate in search of further development space.
Entering the period of expansion of regional diversification. Figure 25: Sales market in the United States in 1994 was as high as 91%. High regional expansion between 1988 and 1996, with joint ventures and acquisitions driving market entry efficiency.
With the impetus of davewhitwam, Heiyoura’s globalisation has entered the era of globalization. The regionalization of Heiyoura has taken place in a relatively clear order of distance, moving from near to far, from less developed countries to a ladder of group control and regional economic purchasing power.
The strategy has been effective in avoiding the setback of new entrants in the medium-to-late period. – Through a series of fast-paced joint-venture M&As, between 1988 and 1996, financial liquidity, goods creation, access expansion, and total market occupation were sequenced and embedded in local markets by absorbing local enterprise resources.
After the successful entry of markets, investment acquisitions have been deepened to expand the region’s diversification gains. Examples are Europe (Fripool’s initial purchase – Philip’s full capital – Eastern Europe – Italy’s strengthening), Brazil (brasmotor’s initial purchase – brasmotor’s joint venture).
Areas such as sales-contribution twice, India (a laundry machine’s joint venture-purchase of refrigerators-construction of refrigerators) are swapped for capital to absorb replacements for start-ups, thus achieving a rapid expansion of imported markets abroad. As the rapid expansion of regions expands, Hee-Pu successfully takes over the top of the domestic electricity markets in North America, Brazil, India, etc.
In 1996, Hydrauri became the head of the global market for washing machines, with a 14% share of the global market for large domestic electricity. By 1998, Hemihapur had received $1.03 billion in global revenues, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The United States group (000333). 46% of the two-track grandgrams that followed pluralism came from overseas. Figure 26: Changes in the growth rate of the development strategy in Hee Yapo in 1960 compared to the same period
The Waterloo case is mainly about opening up Chinese and African markets. Herouri lost $70 million in Asia in 1996 and left China in 1997.
Regional demand is not mature, and economic development is inadequate. Because of the successful experience of mid-term and pre-globalization, Hee Kuo-Pu has gained a high level of confidence, expanded and invested too quickly in China and Africa, but the corresponding household income has not yet been aligned with the enterprise strategy, leading to a regional estimation error and a low actual market exposure.
An analysis of the failure of the Chinese market, for example: 1) is not familiar with the Chinese market, the location of fluorine refrigerators is biased, resulting in product backwardness: 2) management is confused, abandons the existing distribution channels of Chinese companies and blindly builds their own distribution networks, resulting in high costs and expansions
Zhang has been blocked; 3) The rapid replication and strong competitiveness of domestic competitors has also created today’s Chinese power trio. Meanwhile, Heiye’s quick acquisition strategy has had a negative impact on his profitability.
Intensity acquisition operations put a great deal of pressure on Heijiura Finance, and the simultaneous expansion of production lines, product adjustments and channels for multi-regional enterprises after the acquisitions led to a substantial increase in costs, a decline in profitability and even a loss.
Indirectly, the problem of profit has led to a slowdown in developing-country markets. Figure 27: Changes in profitability since 1960.
In 2009, the refrigerator was overtaken by Haile, and in 2012, the entire electricity industry was overtaken by China. International leaders, known for their rapid expansion, eventually lost the pace of expansion, but the successes of Hewlett-Poo’s mid-term globalization, especially the joint venture and acquisition strategy for rapid market entry, are worthy of us.
3.1.2 Brand diversification is fast-tracked in overseas markets. Hewlett-Poo developed the market quickly by creating brand diversification during joint ventures. He started to own local brands as early as 1957 when he entered Brazil.
Multi-brand price-fixing, and co-opting market coverage. Hewlett-Poo, through multi-brand positioning, covers consumer groups across price zones, avoiding consumer-to-brand shocks. In North America, for example, Kitchenaid is positioning high-end markets.
On the ground, whirlpool is the middle-level dominant market, and Roper covers the lower-end market, thereby achieving the largest market share in the East.
To date, Hydrapool, Maytag, and Kitchenaid have developed a brand architecture that has developed locally and regionally. While global brands build corporate values and ensure customer loyalty, regional brands maintain their clients, channels, and rapidly open markets.
The lessons learned from Heiji Pu’s 100-year development are very far-reaching lessons to inform the Group’s strategy for China’s champion America.
With local markets saturated, regional diversification will be a central strategy for further enterprise development. The successful application of joint-venture acquisition strategies will lead directly to a rapid expansion of overseas markets.
The national economic strength, market demand, home-grown consumption concepts, competitive environment in the region that has been opened up, and the branding of the enterprise’s region, have helped to open up the region’s landscape and penetrate local markets at multiple levels. 3.2 American bloc regional diversification has begun.
3.2.1 The current state of the domestic domestic electricity market has led to a strategic expansion of the vanguard, and as electricity matures in our country, we need to be driven by renewed demand, with a steady increase in sales.
In another industry, we report in depth that annual refrigerators and washing machines are in excess of all the new requirements, and refrigerators are in 55.4%.
As much as 59.1% of China’s white power is officially entering a phase dominated by product upgrading and replacement. Markets are growing at a much slower pace than in the long term.
The concentration of the intra-electric market is already high, making it more difficult to expand. According to data from the retail inspection of mid-Eicon, the market for air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines is now more than 80%, and the gap between the above-mentioned market is smaller in the United States. The cost and difficulty of further increasing the concentration will gradually increase, prompting the head of the country to go to it.
3.2.2 Overseas expansion accompanied by multi-brand architecture
By 2008, the United States had built a diversified product structure that built up air conditioners, washing machines, refrigerators, cooking power, mini-electrics, and domestic electricity. As the country became aware of the crisis in the domestic market, joint acquisitions of regional firms were accelerated.
The United States runs into a regional diversification strategy.
Figure 35: The United States brand diversity structure. The diversified brand structure is in place, and it furthers up to high-end brands and regional brands. With the deep layout of the United States, initial branding has been built to cover the entire chain of home and electricity.
The American brand has created a national image of a pro-people who are technologically, young, and fashion-oriented, supported by different brands, such as white power, cooking power, mini-electricity, robotics, and other brands that create brand values. And, in order to increase consumption and open up regional markets for a more compatible home power market, the United States published "Close" in March 2018.
It is expected that it will be officially launched in the second half of 2018, with a view to creating a full-scale branding strategy for all levels of the household and electricity sector. There is a greater degree of collaboration with Kelley abroad, with Egypt’s Miraco brand, Toshiba brand, meaning.
Regional resources, such as the Liberian clivet brand. Overseas production bases have been established in the six countries concerned, using the “global production, global marketing” model to provide well-developed services in regional markets. 3.2.3 Regional focus of overseas operations is clear.
Millions of yuan. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The Asia-Pacific region accounts for more than half of the total, with a focus on India and South-East Asia. The next phase of America’s strategy is clearly embedded in overseas markets.
Investment and South-East Asian integration have dominated the development of 18 overseas production bases, 20 global R & D centres and 24 marketing operators, all involved in India and South-East Asia, with focused financial inputs.
India's Greenfield project was launched in 2017 to scale up investment, deepen the integration of air conditioning, ice washing and other household appliances into the Toshiba electric business, and, on the basis of the ASEAN regionalization pilot, shift to greater regional industrial chain control in obm, and work towards a decentralized, decentralized overseas business model.
3.3 India + South-East Asia: The region ' s diversified medium-term strategy is at a low point in comparison with the global domestic and electricity regional market, particularly in India and South-East Asia, where the current situation, climate demand, population size and economic situation are examined, and we predict that the United States group-led Indian and South-East Asian markets will become global.
South-East Asia and India, where the domestic electricity market is now only beginning to grow globally. In the current pattern, Europe and North America are now in the middle of the world.
In India and South-East Asia, for example, America’s largest share of air-conditioning, the demand for Asia’s air-conditioning markets, except for China and the Middle East, rose year by year, to 17.3 million by 2017.
In terms of market availability, India and South-East Asia have low regional penetration and potentially large space.
According to E-Wise data, with the exception of Japan, the United States, and China, which have achieved high rates of air conditioning, the coverage in the rest of the countries surveyed is low. While most of the countries in South-East Asia and India have not even reached more than 20% coverage, they are in a strong demand for air conditioning in the tropics and subtropicals.
The market for washing machines is nearing the end. With the exception of Thailand, which has a relatively high rate of 67.1 per cent, the rest of South-East Asia has less than 35 per cent coverage, and India, which is only 9.3 per cent, is a source of financial prosperity in the East, except for Africa.
The market for washing machines is the lowest in the market, and the market import period is marked. Figure 39: Comparison of the penetration of washing machine products across countries. Refrigerator penetration is equally low and market space is large. Apart from relatively high penetration in Thailand, refrigerator penetration is around the world.
In terms of size and speed, India and South-East Asia are still in import or are now in high-speed growth. In India’s air-conditioning market, for example, demand in India is growing at an accelerated rate every year, according to jraya, until 2017.
The demand for air-conditioning markets has reached 5.15 million and has increased by 14.2% over the same period, well above the global demand of 8.1%, with India’s economic development and consumption philosophy spreading, its domestic electricity market demand is being released at an accelerated pace, with a huge increase to be expected.
3.3.2 Regional rigid demand and economic development contribute to the outbreak of market demand, and we further analyse the highest US share of air-conditioning products as an example. Given climate change, the objective demand for population growth and the inevitable trend of national economic empowerment, domestic demand has accelerated in India and South-East Asia in recent years.
In terms of climate, India and South-East Asia have a much higher temperature than China, and are just in need of air conditioning. The average annual average daily temperature in capitals is 30 degrees Celsius in India and South-East Asia, compared to 18.6 degrees centigrade in Beijing.
In South-East Asia, temperatures will increase even further, and the biological requirements of the population determine the magnitude of the needs of regional markets.
India, South-East Asia, has experienced high population growth, and potential consumption has increased. As China’s population has grown, and India and South-East Asia have seen rapid population growth, especially as India has come closer to China in terms of population size, by 2016 India had reached 1,324 million people and South-East Asia 642 million people.
India’s financial capacity is still low, but rising by about a year. According to Wind, per capita wealth in India had not reached China’s 1999 average by 2012, and consumption capacity was at the same time as domestic electricity in India.
The source of the financial boom in the East is the huge gap between rich and poor in India. As productivity increases in the country combines per capita income growth, the capacity of Indian households to consume will increase, and household electricity will accelerate the release.
Moreover, another factor limiting India’s domestic electricity market is its infrastructure, the general shortage of electricity in India, which, although it already accounts for more than 20% of the world’s population, consumes only about 5% of India’s primary energy, and nearly 23% of China’s primary energy consumption during the same period, which has a similar population. As India’s national power and policies advance, this is the case.
According to estimates, India and South-East Asia have large potential domestic electricity markets and wide space. Based on existing holdings in China, India, and some countries in South-East Asia, it is assumed that electricity is available in potential markets in India and South-East Asia, where refrigerators are available.
In the market, there are 376 million washing machines, 509 million washing machines, and 707 million air conditioners. It is worth mentioning that, while the estimate is based on China’s current holdings, China’s electricity, especially air conditioning, is still growing in large spaces, and India’s population in South-East Asia continues to expand, so that the actual potential market space in India and South-East Asia will be higher.
The certainty of the medium-term development of regional markets attests to the strong, forward-looking and accurate regional diversification strategies of American groups. At the same time, America’s absolute advantage in low-end product markets also helps to align them with Indian and South-East Asian import/growth markets.
Costers, and lower-end products, are more likely to enter areas of economic development, and America’s ability to control costs through scale effects and excellent business management has gained advantages in competition with international power companies.
4. Long-term track: The blue-sea backbone of industrial robots, long before the initial bottlenecks in the domestic electricity market, the beauty of the United States, as the new leader, was in a state of contemplation, with multiple layouts. In addition to product upgrading and regional diversification, the beauty of the United States sought high potential markets at an early stage. Eventually, it seized the opportunity of robots.
By upgrading the industry’s 4.0 strategy, the overall industrial layout strategy was adjusted from a global leader’s home-made manufacturing group to a globalized technology group centred on “intellectual home plus robot.” With Kuka, a landmark acquisition of four families of international industrial robots in 2017, America’s official business was accompanied by a massive increase in the number of industrial robots.
And with the rapid demand for industrial robots in the Chinese market, the next 50-year-old beauty of the long-term track has a bright future. 4.1 China’s own industrial robots are on the verge of becoming more powerful.
4.1.1 China ' s market-leading global robotics industry has been characterized by high-scale innovation in the global industrial robotics industry. In 2016, global sales rose by 15.7 per cent to 294,000. Indeed, since the financial crisis in 2009 led to a sharp drop in the sales of industrial robots, the world has been recovering and fast-tracking.
According to ifr, 2.32 million global industrial robots are expected to be secured in 2018, double the 11,5 million in 2011, double the seven-year period, with a very high level of industry activity.
Figure 46: Global industrial robot holdings and growth rates The Asia-Pacific region has become an engine of growth for industrial robots in the global trend. Asian markets sold 191,000 industrial robots in 2016, an increase of about 18.6 per cent compared to 12 per cent in the European region and the Americas.
The annual share of Asian sales is expected to reach 69.1 per cent, further leading the global market.
In different countries, China’s market accounts for 29% of sales. In 2016, China’s output reached 87,000, directly reflecting the level of investment in industrial robotics, leading to a rapid increase in sales of industrial robots as a result of large domestic investment.
One hundred and forty thousand, with a global output of 37%, and is expected to grow at a rate of more than 20%. The East’s financial boom, 4.1.2, has just forced China’s industrial robot market to develop.
Despite the rapid growth in the sales and holdings of industrial robots in recent years, the market for industrial robots is still far below the international level, and the demand for rigid robots is imminent. China’s industrial robotic density is lower than that of other manufacturing powers.
The number of industrial robots is considered by ifr to be a more accurate ratio, depending on the degree of manufacturing automation in different countries. China, as a major manufacturing country, has only 68 industrial robots, even below the global average.
In the application market, industrial robots are used mostly for advanced manufacturing, the most widely applied being the automobile industry. Industrial robots used in the automotive industry have consistently been the first to sell in 2014-2016, and have steadily increased over the years.
China’s industrial robotic density is also far below international levels. China’s car production has been guaranteed since 2009, accounting for nearly 40% of the world’s total production.
The high population base in China has led to large numbers of car-producing workers on the job, slowing down the automation process.
According to census data, the population aged 0-14 years in China has been declining steadily in recent years, and ageing has become a major problem. A breakdown of the demographic structure of the population in 2003 and 2016 shows that the country was dominated by young people aged 10-39 in 2003, turning to 25-54 in 2016.
The middle-aged population is dominated, the majority of existing workers are beginning to retire, while the proportion of newcomers continues to decline, and the ageing of the population is a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
The gap has continued to widen, with 1.5 million people remaining in jobs by 2016, mainly due to a shortage of skilled workers. China’s demographic dividend has subsided, and labour supply has weakened.
In the same period, the size of the workforce began to decline. Together, they contributed to an acceleration in the average wage of manufacturing workers, whose average annual salary was 64452 yuan in 2017, a 4.5-fold increase compared to 2004.
On the other hand, the cost of robotics’ work has been declining steadily, and has gradually become an advantage for replacements. According to Rolandberg, it takes only 9 euros per hour in the year, reaching 18 euros by 2015, as economic development, better living conditions, and changing demand.
The Chinese manufacturing industry faces serious problems of growing ageing, widening labour gaps, rising labour costs, and growing Eastern financial and intellectual resources.
The long-term effects may even shake the country’s very foundations, and the cost advantages of machine-changers have emerged, and China’s industrial robots are very certain about their further rapid development. 4.1.3 National will: Robot penetration has never been just an industrial matter.
The spread of industrial robots is linked to the development of our manufacturing industry, especially advanced ones, which affects the automation process throughout China, while re-radiating the flexible production of traditional manufacturing. At the macro level, it is constrained by the growing ageing of China, the widening gap in the labour force, and the dramatic rise in the cost of labour, and the lack of development of manufacturing industries, especially small and medium-sized enterprises, in all regions, especially in four-line cities.
Our government therefore attaches great importance to industrial robots, and has put in place a number of policies to promote their development. The core document, China Manufacturing 2025, states that 70% of the country’s industrial robotics are required by 2025, and the national production rate of core parts and components is high.
80%. The scale-based production and nationalization of core components have been identified as indicators of the widespread development of industrial robotics, showing the way for industrial machines to develop. Subsequent policies have also made it clear that the robotic industry is being used as a central policy base, that local governments are actively supporting industry, and that the state provides a variety of financing support.
In Guangdong, Jiangsu, Shanghai, etc., indicators and projects to build the robotic industry have been proposed, with a high degree of policy orientation. At the same time, in order to encourage the optimal upgrading of the manufacturing sector, multi-channel financing is provided at the national level.
While the Chinese market for industrial robots is booming, the reality is that Chinese indigenous robots are technologically backward.
The market for home-grown robotics products currently accounts for less than 10% of the market, many technologies remain at the imitation level, innovation is severely inadequate, products are located at the lower and middle end of the market, and imports are heavily dependent on the market for their own and key components. And technical skills are available to the four largest families of international industrial robots, abb, kuka, etc.
Fanuc, Yaskawa, etc., has a high gap, and core technology is highly monopolized. Faced with China’s domestic robotic development difficulties, America’s blocs are not only good for America’s development, but also for China’s industrial robotics industry.
4.2.1 The industrial robotics industry is about to break through, and the industrial robotics industry can be divided into three sides. The upstream core components are key to the industrial chain and account for the highest profits, long-standing foreign monopolies, high technical barriers and 70% of the cost of robotic manufacturing.
Around the corner. By monopolizing upstream core technology, strong erosion of downstream profits. Figure 62: Overview of the state of the industrial robotics industry chain
• i.e., the assembly of parts and components becomes a machine, which refers mainly to the control system, the server system, the application solution for the end client.
Quickeners, industrial machinery, human body, mainly mechanical knots, for applications.
Integrating • with the highest technical barriers and access to domestic robotics manufacturing techniques
• Technical barriers are low, Maori is usually the highest, and strong erosion is still worse than countries like Japan and the United States.
Distance, mostly behind high-tech content, low (higher in China), but the city's number of multi-band robots.
The field is much larger than the local market. • Main enterprises: a strong foreign monopoly • Main enterprises: four international players
• Main business: four international players, with core technology concentrated in four big families and Harmonica, Nabot.
The family, the domestic neo-song robots, the Ether, the domestic neo-songs, the Bosun, the Eston, etc.
The performance, stability of the three core parts directly determines the performance and stability of the industrial robots. The control systems, the server systems, and so on.
Slowers account for about 12%, 24%, and 36% of the total cost of robots, respectively. According to the Big Bits, in 2017, about 75% of the country's precision decelerations were imported into Japan, and about 80% of all servers and control systems were dependent on the country.
The United States Group (000333). The double-tracking grand charts followed by the hegemonic industry, figure 63: Robot structure maps, lack of technology in core parts, leading to a weak bargaining power in the country ' s upstream sector and the serious exploitation of local businesses by foreign companies.
The resulting high cost severely limits the development of industrial robots in the country. In the case of 165 kg of welded robots, domestic firms buy decelerates at 4.4 times the price of foreign manufacturers and purchase servers, control systems, etc. at around two times the price.
Compared to the market for core parts and robotics, the domestic market is controlled by almost four families of robots and other Japanese, European, and European companies. The focus of different poles, such as kuka, is different because it's welded from cars.
The main advantage is in the field of the robot's body and system integration, where the core parts are produced autonomously on the controller: the Ancheon motor is imported into the industrial robotics industry, so there are all the links except the most severe technology monopolization.
Figure 66: Share of domestic servile systems: Share of domestic control systems
Figure 67: Share of domestic decelerationrs: Share of domestic industrial robotics as a share of the international situation, particularly the recent outbreak of the Central American trade war, and monopoly of international enterprises in core technology
The issue has been given greater attention to the need to open up the indigenous industrial robotics chain. So the acquisition of the cards not only opens up new doors to American groups, but also the current state of business and profit for the industrial robotics industry in China under the current bad foreign monopoly.
The acquisition of Kuka has opened up a new path to robotic development outside the home electricity market. Based on high market demand, strong policy support, and huge technological advantages, a beautiful robotic strategy is expected to bring the group a much higher-than-expected growth.
The Kuka Group is divided into three major operations, namely robotics, system integration and Rishig. In 2017, the three-person share was 33.9 per cent, 44.6 per cent and 21.6 per cent.
East's financial and intellectual boom-boom group (000333), followed by a double-tracked grandeur, a Kuka robot, mainly involved in the development, manufacture and sale of the automated core robotic equipment, and its associated connections.
Services and upstream control units. Currently in the leading position in the market, Europe is the third largest vehicle industry in the world, the European Coop Card System, which is mainly involved in designing and building automated manufacturing systems and multilayered units for covering plants.
Rishig, acquired by Kuka in 2014, provides one-stop service for innovative, multidisciplinary and automated solutions that include counselling, design, implementation and life-long client services.
Kuka’s growth rate was robust and the cost rate adjusted. Kuka’s revenue was 3,479 million euros in 2017, converted to 27.14 billion yuan, an increase of 18 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and a compound increase of 18 per cent between 2013 and 2017, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Kuka is currently less profitable and is significantly affected by the business structure and client structure. Compared to his four families, his three Māori rate is stable at 30-45% and the Kuka Māori rate is at the bottom. This aspect is significant because of the combination in his business, but because of the high cost of the system's adult workforce and the low profit rate, it was only 10% in 2017.
While kuka is oriented towards the car industry, which is heavily negotiated and capable, it is low. This, in turn, affects net profits and net interest rates. Figure 73: Kuka ' s return to mother ' s net profit (billion yuan) and profit margins.
The problems faced by Kuka in terms of the profitability of its operations are expected, and the fact that the United States has been able to successfully acquire members of the four major international families who possess the core technology should be closely linked to the industrial problems it faces. 4.2.3 The Kuka embraces the technological advantages of the United States.
Kuka has an excellent combination of advantages that suit the needs of the Chinese market, and it is in Tomi’s interest to improve its operations significantly on new platforms. The Kuka robotic product line is comprehensive, making up for the country’s mid-to-high-end market imperfections.
The KC covers almost all six axes of the specifications and load range, disassembly, clean rooms, high-temperature dust protection, welding, pressing, racking, and high-precision robots, while our home-grown enterprises are currently severely under-performing, mostly in the form of assembly and surrogate processing.
At the lower end of the chain, the industrial concentration is low, and the overall size of the industry is small. According to China’s Robotic Industry Development Report 2017, the four families in which Kuka is located have a particular advantage in high-end markets in China: high-end products in robotic structures - more than 90% of multi-port robotics in more than six axes:
In downstream applications, 84% of the most difficult areas of operation and the widest international application are welded; in high-end applications, 90% of the automobile industry is concentrated. The Kuka’s full-cover product line can provide practical lessons and push for the country’s indigenous industrial robotic skills.
The dynamic of Eastern financial and intellectual growth has since ensured a stable supply of medium- and high-end robots. Figure 74: Four families have a higher share in the high-end markets in China.
Figure 75: The kuka multi-band robotics are rich, the Kuka has the top control and control algorithms, and the technology has accumulated. The controller is called the "brain" of the robot. The control algorithm determines the robot's performance, and the Kuca is the first to produce the controller. And the corresponding software algorithm.
Even Kuka and abb’s movement control in four major families is better than that of Gena and Anchuan. The patent reserves prove that kuka has a technological advantage over high-end robots like six or seven axes.
The Kuka system integration advantage is expected to grow in China. In the Kuka harvest, the system integration business accounts for almost half of the total, has the status of leader of the European and American market and has accumulated a great deal of technology and experience.
The Māori rate has not been able to increase for a long time, with 17% of Kuka ' s integration rate in 2014-2016, down to 10% of Eastern wealth and wisdom. But the Chinese market, in a different country, is now enjoying an engineer dividend, with lower professional costs, gross.
China’s industrial robotic system is expected to be integrated to the size of 44 billion yuan a year, providing vast space for Kuka. 4.2.4 America’s embrace of Kukagan 3c electric breakthroughs. The classic applications of industrial robots are concentrated in the auto industry, usually demanding precision, stability, and
The industrial chain has become larger, more modular, and the demand for industrial robots in the international automobile market has stabilized. The non-car sector, such as 3c household electricity, metals, plastics, food, etc., is still growing at a high rate, with Chinese markets being less dense and more space for demand than those in developed countries.
In recent years, demand in China’s applications has grown for 3c electric-led industrial robotics. China’s 3cs have large market size and wide market space.
The potential space for industrial robots in the manufacturing country is wide. According to 2015 estimates, the automobile industry in China produced about 6.6 trillion dollars a year, compared to 11.3 trillion dollars a year in the manufacturing sector in the same period, nearly doubling the size of 3c. The share of demand for industrial robots has risen dramatically.
The two industries with the highest demand were automobiles, 33.3%, electronics, 27.7%, and the only ones with 3c power, which increased significantly compared to 21% in 2016, are even expected to outpace the automobile industry in the future. Ten million, up 47.9%, are far faster than China’s market, with 26.1% on average, let alone an increase in the global market.
With a long rate of 30%, 3c households are expected to have more than 200,000 industrial robots by 2020.
The high demand for industrial robotic applications in 3c households is closely related to the current critical situation in the field of domestic electricity.
Fifteen per thousand, significantly less than 72 per 10,000 in the same year’s average industrial robotic density in China’s overall market, compared to only about 1 per 100 in the country’s industry. Businesses are more willing to invest in equipment.
Introduction of automation equipment to reduce operating costs; large and medium-sized enterprises, such as the Grail, the tcl, the Rainbow, etc., with a view to improving market competitiveness by increasing the use of automation, embracing industry by 4.0, improving product accuracy, reducing management difficulties and raising brand image.
The demand for equipment varies from manufacturer to manufacturer. The demand for testing and packaging equipment is high: the need for system solutions is urgent for equipment and power plants.
Different emphasis is placed on the need for automation of production links, with 62.5 per cent of enterprises having to upgrade assembly equipment production lines; half-business having to upgrade testing equipment: 1/3 enterprises need to upgrade packaging equipment; 20 per cent have to move robotics; and another 50 per cent have strong demand for system solutions.
In January 2018, Kuka launched its second factory in Shanghai, raising its annual capacity to 25,000 plants. Meanwhile, according to Kuka’s latest public disclosure, the Kuka manufacturing base in Sindemé.
It will be launched in the fourth quarter of 2018, with an estimated capacity of 75,000 in 2024, with a total capacity of 100,000 units and a share of 1/3 of China’s industrial robotics market. The corresponding sales volume of Kuka’s target of 1 billion euros by 2020 will double the sales of 500 million euros in 2016.
The US’s “New Generation of Humans” strategy will directly draw on the Kuka business. Three joint ventures will be set up with China to expand the three main fields of industrial robotics, medical care, storage automation, and the speed of China’s market in intelligence manufacturing, smart medicine, and smart logistics/new retailing.
Robots can be used to automate America’s internal needs. According to U.S. Robotic General Manager olafgehrels, the U.S. will build 500 million new devices in the next five years. By 2022, the U.S. itself will install 7,000 robots under the flag.
Container handling is fully automated. And, depending on the large-scale advantages of America’s home power empire, the cards will be significantly improved at the end of the cost, at the end of the transport, at the end of the sale, and at the end of the sale.
With the accumulation of the top technology of the integrated Kuka, its powerful innovative capabilities, and China’s pressing and huge multi-sector needs, and with its strong capital shield, 3c household power resources, and its advantages of scale, we judge that the Kuka has taken the lead on the long-term new course of industrial robots and will lead to the human era of the new decade.
In 2017, the United States Group divided its main business into three major parts, namely, heating and air conditioning, consumer appliances and robotics, and automated systems.
In January-April 2018, China’s air conditioner market grew at an average rate of 15% on average, and America’s business priorities focused on inward sales of core upgrading products, sinking of urban and rural markets, online platform channels, and overseas Asia and the Pacific.
By the end of 2018, it is projected that the HAC will be 1140, 1340, the consumer appliances will be the primary ice-washing, and the small appliances will be integrated. Based on the success of the small household taps, and the expected start of a new wave of appliance operations by the end of 2018, the consumer appliance business is projected to be 2018-2020.
The market space for robotics and automated operations is wide, and the market dividends are significant. Ifr predicts that China’s industrial robots will be sold at a rate of more than 21% in the last three years.
Relative valuation: compares seven listed companies, such as G.E., Qingdao Haile, in the market, with an average market gain of 18.4 in 2018 and a market gain of 19 times the market rate of the United States group of 3.27, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East's financial and intellectual boom, America's group (000333), followed by diversity, the two-track grandeur, Jung Yong-seok steel.
Top 10 (eighth place) of the annual “China Securities Industry Burly Award” industry research prize. Best score for the real estate industry study “Gold Bull Award” in 2013. Third place in the real estate industry in the 2014-million-year information year “Seller Institution Probations are accurate”. Research assistant brief for investment today, 2016
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.