30 April 2025 Corporate announcement: 79.1 billion yuan, or +10.06 per cent, of business income from 2025q1; net profit from maternity, 5.487 billion
Heil Jijit (stock code: 600690) controls Yogurt (Shanghai) by means of a voting power commission. In March 2025, the acquisition of the Kaos Moot (Qingdao) was completed. The above transactions were consolidated by the same controlled enterprise, calculated at an adjusted calibre with the same speed of increase.
(a) Since the beginning of 2025, Hale ' s management has significantly increased its media exposure and has succeeded in attracting consumer attention and interaction, learning from Mi ' s management to interact with fans and enhancing dtc capabilities.
2) Promote the development of pop shops in response to changes in channels, complete the up-to-date movement of the pop client digital inventory model, achieve the online model of stock sharing and speed up product turnover. 3) The company achieves efficient interaction with users by providing accurate insight into consumer needs through Hair Jiai data cloud
The company’s Leader Laundromat 3 washing machines (including two undergarments) cater to young people’s laundry needs.
□: liulisi_yj@chinastock.com.cn 4) Accelerating the application of iTechnology, with the introduction of the Casatian connoisseur as an “eye” of the product. 2025q1 kasati brand grew by more than 20 per cent and generated household electricity sales revenue + 7.8 per cent.
1) Emerging markets, firms are growing fast. South Asian markets have seen more than 30% growth in revenue than in the previous year, and South-East companies have doubled their share in refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioning, etc. The scale effect has led to higher operating profitability. 2) North American markets, with larger companies and modest income growth, have increased their operating profits through restructuring.
Rates, corporate high-end brand revenue, double-digit growth. European region M&A ccr, scale, adds to the internationalization operation’s response to US tariff risks: 1) Heir US market is large, market shares are high, and products are supplied mainly from US and Mexican factories.
Goods, small quantities of products supplied from Chinese and Thai factories. (2) The large increase in United States tariffs since April has made it impossible for Chinese factories to supply to the United States, affecting some of the models sold, but not the company as a whole in the United States.
The supply side of Camp 300 is a classic example of how to deal with the impact of US tariffs. The market should focus more on the demand side of the US consumer market, possible future inflation, and fluctuations in the overall demand of the consumer market.
Investment proposals: The company’s future growth drive comes from globalization and the deepening of the digitalization of the industrial chain Reforms to enhance competitiveness, especially in the air-conditioning sector. We maintain profit projections, and we expect the company’s divisions to report splits, with the refrigerators/cooks/air-conditioning/washers/waterhouses/other operations achieving diplomacy, respectively, in 2024.
The Division reported that in 2024, the mainland China region and other countries/regions achieved foreign trade revenues of $142.2 billion, or 3.2 per cent and +5.4 per cent respectively, respectively, and that in December 2024, the company achieved control over Yuji (Shanghai) Enterprise Management Ltd. through a vote commission.
In March 2025, the company completed the acquisition of a stake in Causs Modiles (Qingdao) Ltd. The heating and air-conditioning industry continued to grow (i) household air-conditioning: high internal and external sales of domestic air-conditioning in 2024
In 2024, domestic air conditioning was one of the cooling years. In the fourth quarter of 2024, domestic sales benefited from the stimulus of the State subsidy policy, which was equal to + 24% throughout the year, with significant policy pull effects. On exports, 9,641,000 units were exported in 2024, an increase of 36.08%, and table (ii) 1q2025 domestic air conditioning markets continued to grow, but competition increased.
Intra-air-conditioning sales have continued to grow, and the industry is optimistic about sales within 2q25. 1) Retail growth has slowed but continues to grow as compared to the 4q2024 shift to the new period. avc retail monitoring, 1q25 air-conditioning has pushed total retail sales up to 1.9% as compared to 1.9% in the industry. The market is currently subsidized by the state, and retail sales in air-conditioning were weak in April-July 2024.
The base figure is lower. Industry online data for April, May, June and July show an increase of 9.1 per cent in output sales over the same period in 2024, increased competition on the air-conditioning line, but less competitive pressure from millet. 1) Since 2023, the air-conditioning market has been better competitive, and the general profitability of air-conditioning line 2 companies has improved significantly and is in a position to do so.
2) In 2025, the government prepared 300 billion yuan in special long-term national debt for consumer goods in exchange for the old, which is expected to support the third quarter of 2025 at the rate of subsidy consumption in 2024. In order to obtain more subsidies, air-conditioning companies have begun to compete for market shares and air-conditioning retail prices have begun to drop.
In March 2025, the average retail price under the air-conditioning line increased by a smaller margin than in September-December 2024, with an increase in the value-for-money model on the air-conditioning line and a smaller decline in the average value of the same price on the line. Efforts were made to improve the marketing structure, the value-for-product ratio declined, and the average price on the line increased significantly.
The start of growth will be significantly slower. China’s Milky Way securities cgs Figure 20: Share of retail sales in the main retail market under air conditioning (one month)
Figure 24: The main retail retail average price of the retail market under the air-conditioning line (iii) 1q2025 household air-conditioning exports continue to grow at a rapid pace, with orders to the United States largely suspended. Air-conditioning exports will decline in the near future, but more attention will need to be paid to corporate offshore production bases.
1) The export of air conditioners has continued to exceed expectations since 2024. Industry online data, +36.1%, +24.5% in 2024, and 1q25, respectively. 2) Industry online data, 4, 5, 6, due to the rapid increase in the same base and the transfer of export orders from the United States to Thailand.
In July, the output of air conditioners exports was +7.50 per cent, -160 per cent, -12.00 per cent, and -16.70 per cent, respectively, compared to last year’s performance. 3) The United States air conditioners have overseas production capacity, including Thailand as the main air conditioner production base outside China. In 2024, the United States imports of air conditioners (sitc 7415) accounted for 8.8 per cent of Thailand’s imports, and we expect that China’s future export orders to the United States will be large.
U.S. tariff risks have some impact, but overseas supply chain construction can hedge risks for high-quality listed companies. (iv) Central AC sales are under pressure, but exports continue to grow. Central AC sales continue to suffer from a weak real estate market and a slowdown in industrial investment. Industry online data, Central 2024.
The volume of internal air-conditioning sales was $121.5 billion, a decline of 3.8% from the previous year, mainly due to the continued decline in the real estate market, the slowdown in industrial investment and the weak demand for central air-conditioning terminals; the volume of central air-conditioning sales in January-February 2025 was $18.9 billion, an increase of 5.7% from the same period; Chinese firms have increased their global competitiveness and their share has led to a better growth in exports in recent years. Industry online data, Central Air-conditioning 2024.
(v) Domestic promotion of high-quality development in the heat pump industry and export of bottom-fired inward sales are expected to benefit from favourable policy issuances. On 2 April 2025, departments such as the National Development Reform Commission jointly issued the Action Plan for the Promotion of High-quality Development in the Heat Pump Industry, which focuses on the priority areas of domestic construction, industry, agriculture, transport, etc.
Application, suggesting a 20% or more increase in energy efficiency in priority heat pump products by 2030, with breakthroughs in core technologies such as high power heat pumps, high-efficiency compressors, and new refrigerants. According to industry online data, sales in heat pumps in 2024 amounted to $14.4 billion, a slight increase of 0.4% over the same period; on the export side, sharp fluctuations in the European heat pump subsidy policy have led to a massive de-stocking cycle for heat pump exports over the past two years.
Since the second half of the year, the European-American heat pump has gradually moved out of the reservoir cycle, with a one-month growth rate gradually improving. Given the low base of the same year, in 2025, the January-2 month heat pump exports grew by 11.9% over the same period, and, looking ahead, it is expected that the heat pump exports will continue to improve with the resumption of subsidies in some European countries.
With the high prevalence of domestic markets, the domestic market is becoming more saturated, with consumption dominated by upgrading. In 2024, driven by the policy of domestic electricity supplementation and the introduction of old new policies, the domestic market recovered in the second half of the year, with 3.11 per cent of sales growing and increasing at a very high rate. On the export side, my national electricity company has been active in globalizing the pattern, adding to the demand released by emerging market countries in recent years.
In 2024, exports grew by 18.59 per cent, with a sharper performance, and in the category of washing machines, thanks to the effective activation of potential demand through old and new policies, adding consumer preferences for high-quality, energy-efficient products that contributed to product structural upgrading, with cumulative sales of 44.82 million washing machines in 2024, an increase of 6.7 per cent from the previous year, which is the best increase in recent years.
In terms of exports, our washing machines have advantages in terms of technology, cost and volume production, adding customs concerns to the overseas market, prompting businesses to pre-position their exports to 45.11 million units a year, an increase of 17.33 per cent, compared to the previous year.
The same ratio - 4.80%/-3.40%/+1.80%/+4.90% - the output in washing machines was the same as in the previous year, but the output in refrigerators was better than in air conditioners. The output in refrigerators from April to July 2025 was 2.00%/-8.10%/-9.990%/-7.10% compared to the previous year. The output in washing machines was the same as in the previous year +1.50%/+3.40%/-
Figure 42: Scale of monthly sales of refrigerators, China Galaxy Securities Institute, China Galaxy Securities Institute
The company’s future growth is driven by the growth of globalization and the deepening of the digital transformation of the industrial chain to enhance competitiveness, especially with regard to tariff risks in the United States, less than expected market demand, and increased competition in the market. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.