Northern rare earth (600111.sh) - mid-2023 reported non-ferrous metals, small metals, falling prices and falling company performance. In the first half of 2023, the rare earth market operated in a weak manner, with price shocks.
In recent years, as demand from the rare earth rises at a high rate, aggregate control indicators have continued to grow, with companies acting as industry leaders, relying on the resources of the White Cloud Obo mine.
In addition, in order to strengthen the industrial chain and increase the value added of the product, companies continue to accelerate the marketization of the prices of the refined minerals trade, which has fallen sharply over the last three quarters. The White Cloud Obo mine, owned by the steel pack group, has discovered 35 million tons of rare earth rotors and has stabilized the supply of resources.
The price of mineral purchases had a clear advantage over market prices, but from the fourth quarter of 2022, the company changed to a quarterly contract for the supply of rare earth concentrates with steel-packed shares, which, based on the evolution of prices in rare earth markets, was negotiated on the basis of a formula.
The price of the rare earth ore trade was $31030 per ton without taxes, and market prices fell sharply during this period, with the company ' s raw material cost pressure being higher due to the existence of a price-fixing cycle. The price of the company ' s rare earth ore trade was adjusted to $20176 per ton without taxes for the third quarter, with a 35 per cent decline in the ring ratio, and the cost pressure is expected to be reduced effectively.
In the recent past, the demand for rare earth markets has remained relatively flat, but in the third quarter of 2022, the Northern rare earth (600111.sh) has been reported: robust performance, and the future.
The North rare earth group has maintained a strong price of 470,000 yuan per ton of oxidized products in August, and the Northern rare earth (600111.sh)-2022 mid-point rating: improved performance and positive market direction in the second half of the year. In the medium and long term, the rare earth industry has a high concentration of supply, and demand is expected to continue.
As an important strategic metal, fair medium- and long-term prices will fully reflect resource scarcity. The investment proposal is that companies are leading players in the rare earth industry, and quotas continue to grow and are actively promoting higher value added.
During the first half of 2023, rare earth markets operated weakly, prices were shaken, production grew with indicators and continued to grow. In recent years, as demand for rare earth grew at a high rate, the stock of rare earth was growing steadily, and the company, as the leader of the industry, relied on the resources of the Bai Yunbo mine, and the quota remained relatively high.
In order to strengthen the edge of the industrial chain and increase the value added of the product, the company continues to accelerate its work on the industry's “upgrading chain” and strong chains. In the first half of 2023, the company produced 835 million tons of smelting-smelting-separated products, an increase of 27.44 per cent compared to the previous year; and the price of rare earth ore is marketed, with a sharp fall in the third quarter.
In terms of the structure of the industrial chain, the rare earth of the North is not selected, and the rare earth of the North is purchased from the shares in the steel packs.
The purchase price of rare earth concentrates had a clear advantage over the market price, but from the fourth quarter of 2022 the company changed to a quarterly rare earth concentrate supply contract with steel-packed shares, and based on price changes in rare earth market products, the price of rare earth concentrates and the total volume of transactions were negotiated on the basis of a formula.
The transaction price was $31030 per ton without taxes, while market prices fell sharply during the period, with a 35% reduction in the ring ratio due to the existence of a price-fixing cycle. Prices began to fall, and Tesla investors proposed the use of a rare earth-free permanence magnet on the market in early March.
The price of oxidium is expected to fall sharply, with a lower demand than ever before, and a higher level of sentiment and downward pressure on market prices. At the beginning of May, the price of oxidized oxidium was reduced to a minimum of 436,000 yuan/tonne, while the cost of raw materials for scrap and monolithite was reversed, adding up to the price of the North ' s rare earth was still higher than the market price, and the price of rare earth was higher.
The market demand has recently been relatively flat, but the North's rare earth group has maintained a strong nominal price of 470,000 yuan per ton per month of oxidation, which is a positive guide to the market. In the medium and long term, the rare earth industry has a high concentration of supply, and iron-column long-magnetized materials are currently the best magnetic materials available, with new energy vehicles.
As an important strategic metal, reasonable prices in the medium to long term will adequately reflect the scarcity of resources and reasonable compensation for ecological losses. Figure 5: Prices listed by companies for rare earth products (millions of yuan/tons)
Figure 6: Market prices for oxen and oxen (millions of yuan/tons) Investment proposals: companies are leading companies in the rare earth industry, and quotas continue to grow and actively expand high-value-added products.The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author