q1 cash flow improvement, value of excellent management achievement 290404
The losses are lower than the forecast median, and the integration of the raw pig industry has accelerated. Net profits of $4,263 million, reflecting a year-on-year gain, are mainly affected by the downside of the cycle, and the year-on-year losses are lower than the forecast median.
The scale of the company ' s pig-breeding has reached a relatively stable stage, with 23 years of the company ' s sales of farm-breeding operations, an increase in the capacity utilization rate from 25 per cent in 22 years to 46 per cent, and a deepening of the integration of the pig-breeding chain.
The company places great emphasis on management, which permeates scientific and sophisticated organizational management and incentive mechanisms, creating value at the core of farm management and ultimately operating. 1) Farming efficiency and cost optimization. The average total life rate of the company ' s pig farming over 23 years is 85%, with an increasing focus on 800g left.
Right. The average annual cost of pig farming for the company is around 15.0 yuan/kg, a significant decrease from 15.7 yuan/kg in 22 years; there is still room for further improvement as farm productivity increases and feed prices fall down in 24 years. 2) Operating cash flows have improved significantly. 23 years of total hog activity have been generally low, and the year is over.
On the basis of its cost advantage, the Division has achieved a net flow of operating cash of $9.89 billion; and a net transfer of operating cash of $5.07 billion in 24q1, a significant increase of 231.48 per cent. Overall, companies are expected to improve their farm performance and realize excess profits and cash flows by virtue of their own farm management advantages.
The cash flow of the Division is constantly improving, and the company is expected to gradually optimize its debt structure and increase its share of the dividends to become a leading value firm in the pig industry.
On the supply side, taking into account the pre-production capacity de-escalation, it is expected that the peak supply will pass and that the industry will supply or contract in the second quarter; and on the demand side, the supply side will be reduced.
Considering the recent cpi data, domestic consumption is more resilient, and it is expected that it will contribute to the growth of pig prices in the future as the consumption of piglets improves seasonally.
q3 Farming is profitable, with an excellent management cycle of 2023-10-column 3992 million, representing 102.4% of normal holdings, which is still high. Major pig-producing enterprises have accumulated financial pressure for a long time, and the loss of production capacity in the industry is expected to further increase the growth of pig production.
It is expected that the stock of herds will be fully beneficial as a leading business with clear advantages in size and management costs. The share of herds is a leading business in pig production.
In the future, it is expected to benefit from the benefits and share the value. We expect the company to return to its mother ' s net profit share for 2024-2026, the extent to which the pig industry is able to degenerate, and the consumption of pork is below expectations.
The group’s members, who are from the top agricultural institutions in the country, have developed more extensive research experience in large commodities, and have a rich industrial investment background in areas such as livestock farming, breeding, etc. The study of the agro-forestry and fishing industry covers such priority sectors as livestock farming, seeding, pets, and food and oil feed.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.