002714.sz. March sales monthly report rating: same growth in the column, rich stock of farm capacity.
Agriculture, livestock, farming, Ludgari, Jiang Haihai.
In January-March 2024, the public sector grew steadily. 2) The stock of herds is a well-managed pig-sampling firm with a long-term cost of industry first. In terms of value, the company is expected to continue to do a great deal in the future through sustained over-profits. 3) The company has sufficient productive reserves and is currently producing pig production capacity.
In addition, based on the self-sufficiency model and the long-term accumulation of a binary delivery system, companies are expected to achieve a rapid upswing of pig production during the last cycle, or a substantial increase in the price of pig production due to the reversal of the price of the pig, and the volatility of the prices of pig production.) Investment proposals: the company is a dragon-headed pole for deep-fertilized pig farming, and the management system continues to improve.
In March 2024, the company sold 5471 million live pigs (4937,000 of them, 475,000 of them, 59,000 of them).
According to company announcements, the average annual total cost of pig farming is expected to be around 15.0/kg per year, down significantly from $15.7/kg per year in 2022, and close to $350 for single-headed farming compared to the industry. In addition, due to the effects of the winter epidemic and spring holidays, the company was able to do so in January/February 2024.
On the one hand, the cost of breeding the herbs is accounted for on the basis of a column batch, and the effects of the disease will continue for some time; on the other hand, the low number of effective days of sale and the low number of sales during the spring holiday holidays will also result in an increase in unit costs. Given the high incidence of the disease in winter last December, the effects of the disease on pigs in January have stabilized, with further improvement in production in February.
The management system continues to evolve, leading by high-quality industry development. Pastoral management is at the forefront of the industry, and, in terms of value, companies are expected to continue to do well in the future through sustained over-profits.
The Division ' s excellent management performance is both soft and hard, and soft, with companies managing and performing with sophisticated farm production processes.