Shenwon shares (002714.sz): Farming costs
Events: The company published its annual report 2023 and its quarterly report 2024, and the company realized the year 2023 as a whole the agricultural industrialization of the commercial pig-breeding, slaughtering and processing process. The year q1 achieved operating income of $26,272 million, yoy 8.57 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit of $2.379 billion.
One of the largest self-sustaining, youy-98.56 per cent self-sustaining, large-scale, integrated pig-breeding enterprises in the country is the national flagship business.
The company sold 63,816,000 pigs in 23 years (of which 62,267 million were commercial pigs, 136,7 million were pig farmers and 181,000 were pig growers), smaller than ever.
The average annual cost of a commodity pig is around 15 yuan/kg (the full cost is 15.7 yuan/kg in 22 years).
In January-February, the cost of farming rose to $15.8 per kilogram, falling back to $15.1 per kilogram in March, and is expected to continue to fall below $14 per kilogram in the second half of the year.
In the second half of the year, the price of pigs is expected to continue to improve with supply and demand patterns, with company-cost industry ahead and optimize continuously, and corporate performance will continue to improve. The efficiency of slaughtering has increased, with losses on the head.
The output utilization rate rose to 46 per cent, with a narrow head loss of $70 per head. The company will continue to open up its meat b/h share (millions) during 24 years.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We value the company's core cost advantage as a pig-breeding business, the source of financial growth in the East, the stockholding in Shinhara (002714.sz): farming costs are ahead of schedule, and periodic warming performance improves.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Shenwon shares (002714.sz): Farming costs are ahead of schedule and cyclical warming performance improves in sub-sectors such as Xin Xin Xin, forage protection, pet food, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.