Automobiles (600741.sh) full-size car parts, electric, intelligent multi-point layouts, multi-grade Tesla, electric and intelligent multi-point layouts, 18 August 2021.
The Chinese automobile is a domestic complex of car parts and components, including interior accessories, seats, headlights, bumpers, battery cartridges, and a car's identity combination to deliver Tesla. The acquisition of surplus shares in the Yandao chair will increase the profits of the parent company if the acquisition is successfully completed; the interior industry is well-established and has an active seat of intelligence.
In the area of cabins; in the light business, benefits from ledization + the trend of intellectual upgrading; in the case of new energy automobile-related operations, the proposed acquisition of surplus shares in the Yanfon Road seats of the subsidiary, which increases the profits of the parent company, the Yangwon Road seats are the leading domestic car seats, according to the Yangwon Road Network, 2020.
The company intends to acquire the surplus stock of Yanfeng-Atao, which, if successfully completed, will increase the profits of the parent company by fully controlling the stock of Yap-Atun-Attao.
The global flagship of car interiors is firmly established, the smart seating area is actively configured, the intelligent domain controller product has been secured for businesses such as auto-cars, low domestic prices and low penetration of the self-car-style led light, and the lighting business benefits from the led + intellectual upgrading trend.
• New-energy vehicle-related operations are sailing, multi-species are about to enter the harvest period The forward-looking layout is beginning to yield results, with 77ghz mm wave radar producing more in-country; line control products continue to be imported and a small bulk supply of new energy sources from the North has some pre-emptive advantage; light-quantified business expansion takes place
A new client, Tesla, who supplies aluminium battery cartridges, body parts, is about to reach harvest time; electric power and power-driven systems are targeted by popular meb platforms, which are expected to lead to an increase in performance. Infiltration rates are not as high as expected, overseas epidemics are not being controlled as expected.
(a) Automobiles in China: the industry's leading integrated auto parts and components tap 1.1, Deep Farmer auto parts for more than 30 years, insider + extended and expanded operations for more than 30 years, covering more than 40 areas of business in the domestic industry;
The company has a complete supply chain system for auto parts, with 368 R & D, manufacturing and service bases in 23 provinces, municipalities, autonomous regions and special administrative regions and 95 manufacturing bases in more than 20 countries, including the United States and Germany.
Since then, the company has been actively restructuring its operations, increasing its grip on core business, and achieving full ownership of important companies like China Visual, Longline International.
In-house + extended M & As to the size of the business.
The seating industry chain covers all his assets, and plans to achieve full equity control over Yanfeng-Attao. The business structure continues to be optimized, displacing non-principal and less profitable businesses.
Schinja Seals Ltd. 47.5% equity; Shanghai Tsing Auto Safety Systems Ltd., 2019 50% equity: Lear Business Transport 45% share interest in 2020. Table 2: Companies continuously optimize business structures and strip away non-principal and less profitable businesses
1.2. Business covers five major plates, and the “neutralization” strategy is beginning to work. The Chinese automobiles now form five major business plates.
By the end of 2020, the Shanghai Automobile Group, with limited shares, held 58.32% of the share in the Chinese automobile, and 58.32% of the ownership of the Chinese automobile.
A total of 19 listed subsidiaries and 46 associated or joint ventures.Figure 1: Major and listed subsidiaries under the company’s flag can be assigned to five major business plates, with internal and external adornments accounting for the largest share of revenues in 2020, starting with a “neutralized” strategy that actively explores out-of-group customers.
From 2015 to 2020, the share of customers outside the upper-mortality group rose from 38.5% to 46.1%, and the “neutralization” strategy began to bear fruit.
Strong growth in performance and financial strength for sustained M & As of high-quality assets. Corporate revenue and net profits grew robustly from 2009 to 2020. Corporate balance since 2009 has continued to grow. Figure 4: China automobiles expanding their operations through endogenous + extended M & As, achieving steady growth in performance
The share of R & D investment continues to rise, and money is abundant. Companies focus on autonomous innovation, and R & D investment is divided into companies, with long-flash adornments contributing more than 60% of the company ' s operating income in 2020, leading by 11.7% of cars and 8.27% of Chinese visuals, respectively, divided by two or three.
Figure 7: The structure of revenue collection for the Chinese automobile business is stable (%): in 2020, the long-fisted adornment contributed more than 60% to the Chinese automobile industry.2 Intra- and external adornment business: the company ' s performance building block, the industry ' s position is solid
Internal and external adornments are the cornerstone of the company ' s performance, accounting for 66.4 per cent of revenue in 2020, and are divided into three main categories of products: interior adornments, car seats, headlights, corresponding to the subsidiaries of Yasmin International (former long adornment), Yamfun Dotao and China.
In 2018, the company acquired 50% of the remaining share of the Shanghai minibus lights, renamed Chinese vision, and achieved full control of the automobile lights business; in 2020, the company signed an agreement with Andoto to acquire the long-lines it held.
In March 2021, the company proposed to acquire 49.99 per cent of the remaining stock in Yanfeng Road Seats Ltd., which, if successfully completed, would achieve full control over the car seating business.
According to questions and answers from corporate investors, the company’s interior apparel, seating, lights, etc. were matched to Tesla’s model, with supply to Shanghai Tesla in the first half of 2020 amounting to about 1.3% of the company’s gross revenue from the current main business.
Figure 9: The company ' s interior and interior adornment business is divided into three main sections, 2.1. Longline International: a global car interior alumni, active layout of smart cabins. Car interiors refer mainly to car products adapted from inside cars, including, inter alia, dashboards, by-products.
Longfist International is a global car interior tap, with 13.6% in 2019. The global car interior market giants include Longfist International, Antxlin, Fogia, and so on, completed their own interior operations with Jiangsen in 2015.
In 2019, it was 13.6% higher than its competitors, such as Fugia and Antonin. The global car interior market, the city of Cr3, 31% higher than in 2016, with a concentration of industry.
The global car interior market is relatively low, with only 31 per cent in 2019, a 7 percentage point increase over 2016, but still lower than in the area of car parts and components, such as car seats, car glass. Figure 10: Global car interior market, 24 per cent in 2016
Figure 11: The global car interior market, the city of Cr3, in 2019, accounted for 31% of the total, and longline international domestic competitors received a relatively small amount of 55.3 billion yuan in 2019.
The longline international product is relatively small. It has a wider coverage and a more comprehensive range of supporting clients, serving a global range of customers, such as Daimler, the general public, BMW, Ford, Toyota, and modern, as well as an autonomous brand full of customers, such as auto cars, Jiang Xiao cars, Jili cars, Beijing cars and Biadei.
Take advantage of its own strengths and build a multi-disciplinary, multi-disciplinary, multi-sectoral, multi-dimensional, multi-dimensional, multi-purpose, multi-facility, multi-facility, multi-facility, smart switch, hmi interactive, and abstinence-oriented, all-round solution.
Programs, first-generation prototypes of concept products developed with full customer approval. Xim21 smart module, designed and developed autonomously, was released in June 2020.
Intelligent space controller products have been identified for operations such as auto-cars. xim21s is a completely new concept introduced in 2021 by long-line apparel and has worked with several top-level oems. Compared to xim21, which focuses on driving experiences, xim21s focuses on crew experiences, is integrated into cabin technology and creates crews.
Builds a visual and customised car environment that upgrades functions on xim21s over six dimensions, including: long-sliding tracks, zero-gravity seats, smart surfaces, single steering wheels, smart switches, and display integration programmes.
In March 2021, the Chinese car was to acquire 49.99% of the remaining shares of the Yancho Road seats. If the acquisitions were successfully completed, the company would have achieved full control over the car seats and, in addition, the company would have acquired knowledge of the product of the auto seats worldwide.
Yanfon-Daoto has the manufacturing power from car seat parts to a full chair. It covers the entire car seat, the industrial chain, including head pillows, whole chair skeletons, handrails, cornerers, regulators, and sliders.
The company’s high-quality car seats cover the world. Yanfeng-Ato’s partners cover the world and, in addition to the upper-gas groups, the main clients include autonomous brands such as Chang An, the Great Wall; joint brands such as East Wind, Beijing Benz, and Chang Anma-Da; and foreign brands such as BMW and Tesla, which are more comprehensive.
Domestic car seating operations have a higher level of foreign investment and joint ventures, with relatively higher concentration. In the domestic car seat market, car seats are almost exclusively controlled by several foreign and joint ventures.
According to the Yamfon Dotao network, which is the leading vehicle seat business in the country, in 2020 it was 30%. According to Yamfon Dotao, in 2020, the revenue from Yamf dotao was $28.399 billion, while the share of the domestic car seat market was 30%, and the net profit for mothers was $1,836 million, with a net interest rate of 6.47%, which is higher than that for Chinese cars as a whole in 2020.
Net profits of more than $900 million were added to the fleet of cars in China. Figure 17: City of Yamfeng Dotao, which occupied 30 per cent of the country ' s car seats in 2020. Figure 18: Increase in the unit price of the company ' s car seats in 2018-2020
Along with Shanghai Tesla, Shanghai Tesla sales are gradually increasing or will contribute to higher performance. The company actively expands on new energy car-to-car customers, and the car seat has been made available to Tesla-type cars. From 2018 to 2020, the unit price of the company's car seat sales rose. As Shanghai Tesla sales increase, it is expected to contribute to the company's performance.
2.3. China-wide visualization: benefiting from the trend of ledification + intellectual upgrading of the domestic automobile-light industry, which ranks third in terms of its contribution to its subsidiaries. The Chinese-wide visual predecessor is Shanghai Pilgrim, which acquired 50% of the surplus share of Shanghai-based carlights in 2018, achieving full ownership, and more.
In 2020, China achieved business income of 11.4 billion yuan, accounting for 8.7 per cent of the revenue from the main Chinese automobile business, and the third largest contributor to its subsidiaries. According to the China Industrial Information Network, in 2019, the share of cars in the domestic carlight market was 28 per cent.
Figure 20: In 2019, the country’s automobile lights market had the highest share of Chinese visuals, leading the Chinese visual industry, with a large number of high-quality clients. China’s visualization began in 2016, starting with a batch of production packages adapted to a wide range of Leed smart matrix lamps.
From 2018 to 2021, China's vision, thanks to product technology and quality advantages, succeeded in winning orders from multinational giants, including several well-known brands such as Tesla, BMW, Ody, etc. The share of Led's lamp market rose from 25% to 34% in the year.
The sale price ranged from 8.97% penetration of the Led car with a sale price of less than $100,000 to 28.11% penetration of the autonomous brand of Led. Currently, low prices in the domestic car market and low penetration of the self-owned Led car have a larger scope for upgrading.
3. New-energy vehicle-related operations sailed, multi-species entered the harvest period, 3.1, forward-looking layouts showing early results, 77ghz mm wave radar yield millimetre wave radar, used to measure the relative distance, relative velocity and high-precision sense of location of the detected object
. The millimetre wave usually refers to an electromagnetic wave in the 30-300ghz frequency range (1-10 mm wavelength). The millimetre wave is in the range of wavelengths where microwaves intersect with far infrared waves, so that the millimetre wave has both the advantages and its own unique properties. The millimetre wave has high resolution, good pointivity, high resistance and detection compared to microwaves.
The atmospheric decay of the millimetre wave is smaller than the infrared, better penetrating the smoke dust and less affected by the weather. In addition, the millimetre wave radar displays better performance than its target range, velocity and angle. Currently, the global mainstream millimetre wave radar has 24 ghz and 77 ghz frequency bands.
The detection range is short- and medium-range and is used to achieve bsd (blind spot detection system), while the 77ghz long-range radar is used to achieve acc (self-adaptation cruise system). 77ghz mm wave radar is or will be mainstreamed into the future.
The width of 24ghz (21.65-26.65ghz) will expire in 2022, after which only the narrow band spectrum of 24.05-24.25ghz is available for cars in 24ghz. In the 77ghz band, the car radar will be able to use the bandwidth of 77-81ghz up to 4ghz. 77ghz is mainly aimed at medium-range detection of 100-250 metres, e.g. acc\fcw\aeb
The 77ghz mm wave radar is likely to be the dominant feature in the future as the vehicle system upgrades its requirements for accuracy. In 2019, the domestic market for long-range millimetre wave radar was under foreign monopoly, and in 2020, the Chinese car 77ghz mm wave radar was produced, with the prospect of breaking the foreign monopoly.
The 77ghz Corner Radar achieves a steady supply to customers such as the upper-air vehicle, the upper-air Chase, and the 77ghz forward-to-mm waves. On the basis of the realization of the bulk supply to the Golden Dragonbus, the new gas-guid-related new energy vehicle-type package has been set up and delivered in quantities.
3.2. Line control is expected to become the mainstream configuration of new energy vehicles, and the blake-by-wire technology for small bulk supply of ebooster products is the key technology for smart line control chassis, containing traditional brake technology, with higher technical barriers based on multidisciplinary integration technologies such as kinetics, kinetics, electrical control, etc.
The control system created by the braking of the car is known as the Line Control System, which replaces vacuum boosters and vacuum pumps and has the advantage of high integration, total light weight, brakes, short response time and support for emergency autonomous brakes, suitable for new energy vehicles and future automatics.
There are fewer firms in the country that have implemented line-based production controls, and Chinese automobile companies in Shanghai have successfully developed ebooster products to deliver small quantities by 2020.
ibooster and ibb, ibc and mkc1 on the mainland; fewer domestic participants, mainly ebooster and wcbs on the Shanghai conglomerates. At present, Shanghai conglomerates control the brakes of the next generation: xboosters with energy recovery functions are also actively developing and are already taking shape.
Figure 25: Shanghai conglomerates succeeded in developing ebooster products 3.3. Aluminium battery trays, body structures for Tesla.
The product consists of aluminium alloy car structures, aluminium alloy battery trays, etc. The company is already equipped with aluminium alloy car backbones, building blocks arc welding, aluminium alloy electrical barriers welding, aluminium alloy friction welding, uv sequestering glues, synchronized development of integrated development capabilities, capacity for secondary-formulation processing of pressurized parts, the main products of which are aluminium alloy ccb, aluminium alloy pre- and post-insurance.
In power cell systems, the battery casings account for about 20-30% of the total weight of the system and are therefore a prerequisite for ensuring the functional security of the battery system and the overall safety of the vehicle.
A light quantification of the battery shell has become one of the main targets for improving the battery system. Aluminium alloy materials meet the safety needs of the power cell shell in terms of strength and pressurization through reasonable material matching.
According to the China Business Institute, the global market for new energy motor battery cartridges was 1.59 billion yuan in 2016, the market is expected to be 9.56 billion yuan in 2021, and cagr is projected to be 43.2 per cent in 2016-2021.
Figure 27: The main products of Sekoli include a variety of aluminium body structures. Figure 28: Sekoli has aluminium battery tray product development and production capacity. 3.4.
China Motors Electric Systems Ltd. was established in 2011 to host companies that develop, produce, market and control systems for all types of motor vehicles. It is now autonomous in the development of core parts of multiple new energy vehicles, including plmsm, electric power units pb and power-to-power eps.
The power drive is at the core of the electrical drive system, and its performance and efficiency directly influences the performance of the electric car. A flat-line machine has the advantage of having a slot-filling rate of more than 60%, a higher power density, and a flat-footed engine.
It is widely believed that the next generation of power-driven power technologies will move in the direction of flatwires, platforming, and integration. Forward-looking layouts, the 8th-storey flatwire power setup in China.
The main plant developed flat wires, which were developed in 2017 after product development and process development at zero base in the country, was produced in bulk for the first time in the country, with the upper-air number of pure electric power and mixed power new-energy vehicles. The Chinese electric power has continuously upgraded the product, and the technology has moved from two and four floors to eight floors.
In July of that year, more than 70,000 electric flat-line machines were installed in China, and in 2020, more than 100,000 electric power-driven machines were sold in China, at +20%. In 2020, Chinese electric power successfully complemented the German public with a global motor platform (meb).
The bulk supply of the power-driven motor, together with the bulk supply of the new er6 power-driven motor vehicle, will make it the country’s first enterprise to produce eight layers of copper-line technology.
In December 2017, the World Automobile and Magnus International joint venture created the World Magnus, with 50.1% of the share of the world ' s cars in the new energy car powered system, which has become the main product, mainly through integrated integrated power-drivers, speed-deficients, controllers, etc.
The integrated design of the “triple one” power-driven system has simplified the external wiring of parts and components for light-weighting and cost-saving purposes. For the mainframe plant, the “triple one” power-driven system has made the vehicle systems more configured.
Flexibility; maximized space for end consumers, as well as a spacious vehicle storage package, mass meb platform, which is expected to contribute to an increase in performance. In November 2020, the power-driven system for the German Volkswagen Global Motors (MB) project package was produced in full bulk and shipped to Europe for the first time.
The Volkswagen-German factory, the Scorda Czech factory, and brands such as the Volkswagen Transfrontier sedan, Audi and Scorda have four motor vehicles. The Volkswagen program has a global sales of 1 million meb platform models in 2025, with a Chinese regional sales ratio of 2/3 and a total of 27 brands covering four of the Volkswagen brands.
Gner has the total volume capacity of the power-driven system, with the mass meb platform expected to contribute to corporate performance 4 and profit projections and investment proposals Internal and external accoutrements: insider business: global flagship position, active layout of smart cabins, promising performance.
(b) Carlight operations: benefiting from the trend of ledicization and intellectual upgrading. We expect 2021-2023 to be a total functional component: the Chinese auto subsidiary, Shanghai, has successfully developed an ebooster product to control it.
In 2020, we achieved a small supply. In 2021-2023, we expect the company’s total functional product collection to be 266.50, metal formation and molding: light quantification of electric motor battery cartridges is one of the main directions of development.
Growth is fast. We expect company metal formations and moldings to take place in 2021-2023 in 107.63, 118.70, electronics: the first company in the country to produce eight layers of copper-line technology in China, with an integrated design for the "three-in-one" power-driven power system for the upper er6 and the Mitsubishi macromini power plant.
We can achieve modest quantitative and cost-saving goals, along with popular meb platforms, and are expected to contribute to higher performance. We can sell less than expected, less electric and less intelligent processes, less penetration of new energy vehicles, less control of overseas epidemics, etc.