The Chinese car (600741.sh) buys (first rating), the electric intelligence industry leads, and will benefit from a small stock of auto parts and components in the country. The Chinese automobile is one of the largest auto parts and components businesses in the country, owned by a company.
Camp operations consist of interior and interior accessories (decks, chairs, carlights, etc.), metal formations and molds (main body, skeletons), functional devices (air-conditioning compressors, switchboards, etc.), electrical appliances (generator, motive etc.), thermal processing (cylinder caps, etc.), which account for 66 per cent of the revenue in 2020.
Development of electric motors: flat wires, power drives, electric compressors, bms, etc. are leading in a number of industries. In flat wires, the first domestic batch was successful in 2017, eight flatlines were delivered in actual quantities in upper er6 and were successful in providing auxiliary power drivers for the public meb; in power drives, the "triple one"
Power-driven acquisition of global targets such as mass meb and general-purpose car bev3: in the new energy car heat management domain, the company ' s electric compressors were equipped with 15.7 million units in 2020, with customers covering upper gas, Volvo, wide gas, etc.: the heat pump air conditioning achieved its compatibility with upper steam glory in 2018.
Embrace smartness: the country’s absolute head, wire control, and millimetre wave radar have made a national breakthrough. Lower Chinese visual is the country’s first-largest lighting factory, technological foresight, pml pixels +isd smart interaction. The lighting system takes the lead in high-complex vehicle volume loading; in the field of line control, Shanghai Convergence developed for 17 years.
In the year, 77ghz mm wave radars have been produced to support the use of vehicles. Internal and external adornment operations are solid. The bulk of the company interior adornment business is long-line car apparel, with 63 per cent in 2020 and 44 per cent in net profit return, which is the basis of the company’s performance, mostly in the years to come.
In recent years, long-term apparel has been acquiring surplus shares held by foreign shareholders, strengthening management, increasing profitability, and upgrading in combination with smart cabins. Levels, such as headlights (national first), interiors (domestic first), etc. Companies will benefit from short chips.
Deficiencies in the stock of spare parts for cars after mitigation and industry leadership in electric intelligence, corresponding (8621),61357595
Risks of maintaining high prices of raw materials: domestic vehicle sales and upper-mortality sales are not increasing as expected Risks: chip mitigation processes are less than expected Risks: exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi Risks. Domestic car parts and components taps, active layout electrodynamic intelligence
Chinese cars are one of the largest auto parts and components businesses in the country, which landed in the capital market in 2009 through a reorganization of assets. The company’s main operations are interior and interior accessories (e.g. dashboards, chairs, headlights, etc.), metal formations and molds (main car skeletons), functional devices (air conditioning compressors, switchers, etc.), electrical appliances (power generation).
In 2020, the share of income was 66.43 per cent and the net profit was $5.403 billion; in the first quarter of 2021, the company earned $34.878 billion, an increase of 45.49 per cent and the mother ' s net profit of $1,292 million, an increase of 859.26 per cent.
Metal-forming and molding, functional devices, electrical and electronic appliances, thermal processes account for 65%, 7%, 20%, 3%, and 0.5% of the main business, and the pattern is generally stable. The company has been able to organize new-energy cars on the basis of its original business: long-flash accessories, Chinese visuals, smart cabins, smart car lights, etc.
Shanghai Secoli, China Field Pilberg coloured parts (co-operatives), Shanghai Conglomerates take care of lightly quantified products such as body structure, battery trays, chassis, etc.; China III, Shanghai Mahler, respectively, achieve breakthroughs in the air conditioning system, the heat management system; and Washington, D.C., Longer World Tung, and Washington McGana Focus.
In this case, Chinese vision dominates the domestic market in the area of headlights: first, eight-storey flat-line electric power units achieve bulk delivery to mass meb platforms, 77ghz forward-to-mm wave radars achieve vehicle support production, and each sector is in the forefront of the industry.
Figure 5: Net profit/profit ratio of corporate returns Figure 6: Māori ratio of corporate operations  Domestic and external accessories  metal make-up and molding  function-based electronics  thermal processor
The controlling shareholders are the upper group, which contributes about 55% of the company's income. The controlling shareholder is the upper group, which holds 58.32% of the company's shares. Depending on the upper group's resource advantage, the company's income is about 55% of the upper group's income, but it benefits from the company's “neutral” strategy (exploitation of the larger shareholders).
In the past three years, there has been a downward trend.
China-wide electric power: Bronze-line generators are the first to produce, breaking the foreign monopoly.
Companies that produce, sell and control various types of motors and their systems. Autonomy has been developed to achieve a breakthrough in the zero-air-pin (bronze wire) power plant technology of multiple new energy vehicles, including ion magnetic synchronous pmsm, electric cell peb and power-to-power eps.
The set-up of the electrons is in the form of a lead line for multiple finely rounded copper wires, while the flat-lined wires are in the form of only a few rough rectangular wires. On the cross-section, the change in the shape of the wires is essentially to combine the original circle into an unfillable void, which is fully utilized by way of a square "field" arrangement.
This raises the sink rate by 20-30%, which, according to the formula r=old l/s, increases when the resistance rate and the length of the line are certain, and the lower the intercept value, the smaller the heat it produces, according to the JJ lawq=i—2r, when the current is certain.
Bronze wire power sets have the following advantages in relation to conventional copper wires: (a) tank-filling, power-density-raising, less material use and smaller size; (b) radiating and thermal conductivity-improving performance, with better temperature performance; and (c) low electromagnetic noise: 4, short end, copper-saving and efficiency-enhancing.
Figure 8: Differing circuits, flat wires, and the way in which they are rounded up. The problem is the quality of copper wires, equipment, and process. The flat wires are not used extensively because of their high demand for design, copper wires, processes, and equipment.
Example: Cobalt materials have a certain elasticity and a certain degree of rebound after bending, leading to a high quality requirement for copper lines due to the ease with which the insulation is created; flatlines, due to complex processes and high precision requirements, depend on specialized equipment that has long been supplied by Japan, Italy, Germany, etc.
The core technology was the first to break through, and it was the first to produce. In 13 years, the Chinese car was the first to develop the hair-pin technique, which raised the full power density from 2.5kw/kg to 3kw/kg.
Not in close collaboration with suppliers of materials, equipment, joint development, technical clearances in linear design, frame parameters and detection methods, final completion of equipment design and commissioning, breakthroughs in the foreign monopoly of processes, successful bulk production of the first domestic copper wire power plant in July 2017, and
The Bosan factory was successfully put into production, and a production line input can be used to produce a product in co-lined production of different sizes, different voltage, and different performance requirements by adjusting the electron outer diameter, the length of the iron core, and the way in which it is connected. The technology upgrades the eight-storey flat-line power generation to the mass meb platform.
Upgraded to develop advanced technology such as high-magnetic torque-drill drive technology, oil cooling and system integration matching, in April 2019, the blended oil-cool “hair-pin” power plant was produced in autonomous brands with super-high power density, effective control of nvh (noise, vibrations and sound vibrations) and improved sounding of the entire vehicle.
Moderate. In 2020, the bypass technology was also upgraded from the original 2nd and 4th floors to 8th floors, with a further 53% increase in power density and a 12% increase in torque density compared to the 4th generation. Eight-storey flatline power units were supplied in real bulk in upper er6. Over 100,000 power-driven units were sold throughout the year and succeeded in providing global electric power to the German public.
The Ministry of Science and Technology's proposal for guidelines for the declaration of the 2017 annual project on the “New Energy Motors” test site is for the test to be measured by the peak power of the vehicle on board.
Rate density = 4kw/kg (= 30 seconds), continuing power density = 2.5kw/kg, and maximum power efficiency = 96%. The cumulative capacity of the monthly flat-line generators exceeded 70,000, well above Borgwana, Toyota, lig chemistry, and Yokotaka, leading the market.
In October 2017, China Motors and Magnus International held 50.1 per cent and 49.9 per cent of their shares, and the company was mainly engaged in design, development, manufacturing and marketing of new energy.
Magnus is the world's top three supplier of car parts and components, with manufacturing capacity including body, chassis, outer adornment, seating, total power, electrons, active driving aids, mirrors, locks, top systems, etc., developed in pure electric and plug-in hybrid models to produce manufactured products and
With more than a decade of technical experience, Foxbev (electrics, electrical units, transmission boxes), v60 and s60phev (back-axis drive systems), BMW 530ephev and Jaguar i-pacebev (car replacements) were developed in 2009-2018 in partnership with Ford, Volvo, BMW, Jeetah.
The technology for the "triple one" power-driven system is expected to become a mainstream technology route with small space occupancy and efficiency improvements. The technology for the "triple one" power-driven system is a technology that brings together the power control, the motor and the deceleration units from the original components independently to the new integrated power-driven system after the "double one" of the power-depressors, as a result of which the original components are distributed independently.
The reduction in the number of spare parts and a more compact structure has resulted in a smaller space and size than in the first generation, with an increase in the power density of the system's overall durability and power-driven systems and a lower failure rate. With the introduction of the Triple One integrated design, smaller inter-component gaps have forced the manufacturer to re-engineer the system, leading to a re-engineering of the radiation of the system.
The complexity of the wind/liquid cooling system makes it extremely difficult to test the technology and design capabilities of the manufacturer, and it also requires consideration of lubricating and the nvh of high speed. So there are only a few mainframe plants that actually hold the technology of the Triple One power drive, such as Biade, Tesla, Magne, Ceebil, Bo.
Complementing the popular meb platform, power-driven future release is expected. The company’s power-driven products are the global target of an international bus-wide customer power-driven system, such as the German public meb and the general-purpose car bev3. The company acquired a target for the popular meb platform project as early as 2017 and completed its first project in October 2019.
The power-driven system has been officially deactivated from the Shanghai Po Mountain Production Base, meaning that in Washington Magner has a mass production capacity of a total of 300,000 units of the project ' s power-driven system, with the first planned capacity of 300,000 vehicles, and in November 2020 the power-driven system was fully produced in bulk and sent to Europe, with the first mass cross-border cars, Audi and Audi.
The brands of Scota and others are pure electric 4-drive. For example, the id.4 platform model provides a compact pre-electric power drive using sensors and integrated high-voltage reversors and oil coolers, as well as coaxial designs with ancillary axes, with a maximum capacity of 76kw and a system of only 55kg.
By 2025, the Meb platform will have grown to one million vehicles worldwide, covering four brands under the banner of the Volkswagen, with a life cycle of 27 cars for eight years.
Post-support to keep the company close to the cutting edge of technology, and future corporate power-driven products are expected to be upgraded.
A low-power high-intensity integrated power-driven system is a powerful device for the application of hev and smallev. The deflection system structure consists of an astral or synchroniser and an integrated high voltage inverter.
Three power in China: 40 per cent of the market for air conditioning compressors, first produced in 18 years by heat pump air conditioning.
The shareholders are Chinese cars (48 per cent of the shares), and the three-power holding companies owned 43 per cent and 9 per cent of the shares of the Shanghai Dragon Industries.
Turbo compressors are more suitable for high-speed power, with a higher volume of vehicle and more efficient refrigeration. Air-conditioning compressors include tilt, turbo and vortex modes: they are mainly used for large loads, with higher energy consumption and are the dominant product of a multiple compressor; they are not removable and are more efficient.
It is less expensive than a tilt plate compressor, which is suitable for small volumes: the rotor compressor, because of its size and weight, can be configured in a narrow engine chamber, better suited for mini-cars. The vortex compressor's efficiency, high rotation tolerance, makes it more compatible with high-speed power, and can be used to regulate the speed of the motors through electrical control units.
An electric compressor becomes a necessity for a new energy vehicle. A car air conditioner compressor, while cooling, has three main drivers: engine-driven belt mechanical, belt-driven mix with electric motor drive.
Full-power compressors. Because electric cars are driven by power cells, the compressor is missing one of the main reasons for the use of conventional fuels, and the vehicle uses turbo compressors. Compared to the conventional mechanical air conditioner compressors, electric air compressors have a higher cost but a higher refrigeration efficiency; 2, power is directly driven, less vibrating.
Low noise: 3; simple structure, small size, light weight, high volume efficiency: 4; low mainframe parts, high automation, low failure rate, etc.
The market for air-conditioning compressors is nearly 40%, and the market share for electric compressors is expected to increase. In China, three electric-air-conditioning compressors have been sold for more than 6 million units a year, with an average of 38.17% in the last three years.
The market share of electric compressors is expected to increase rapidly as new energy cars continue to spread. The heat pump is efficient, and the heat in the cold environment is twice as efficient as the ptc air conditioning.
The cooling fluids provide little power, while electric vehicles have two main technical options: ptc (positivetemperaturecoefficient) and heat pumps, the most important difference being that ptc produces heat through heat resistance to heat, whereas the heat pumps move heat from relatively low temperatures (outside) to relative temperatures.
High temperature (in-car). During the winter, heat efficiency (cop) is twice as high as ptc, which can be extended by more than 20% of the duration of the voyage. The Chinese three-power system has also made a steady breakthrough in heat pump air conditioning, and in 2018 it was set up to support the Rongweie5 and marvelx heat pump air conditioning systems, becoming the first in the country.
Shanghai Mahler: With rapid growth, the battery heat management system has reached 100,000 levels. Shanghai Malhe Systems Ltd. is a joint venture between the three flag states of China and the German Marlebelle, each holding 50% of the shares.
The development, production and sale of cooling modules, battery coolers, cryogenic radiators, condensers, water coolers and other products related to the battery heat management system, in addition to upper-air customers such as the passenger cars, the upper-air mass and the upper-air utility, as well as the Volvo, the Great Wall, the Hiroshima Group, the Riverbell, etc.
In 2020, the number of electrical air-conditioning and heat-management shipments amounted to 10,81,000.
China's vision is an absolute national headlight, remodeled and rejuvenated. China's vision is a domestic headlight industry that won 11 billion yuan in 2020, 50% higher than the industry's second-largest share of the star.
In 2017, the Toyota Automobile Company and the Toyota Chamber of Commerce held 50%, 45% and 5% of the shares. In 2017, the Toyota Chamber of Commerce and Industry acquired 50% of the shares of the Toyota Institute and Toyota Chamber of Commerce.
Foreign orders have been obtained for only three years since 2018, and with product technology and quality advantages, China’s vision has been able to take orders from multinational giants, including a number of known brands such as Tesla, BMW, Odie, USA. Moreover, the company, with its trusted qualities and services, has changed it to “one by one.”
In 2016, China’s visual income rose to 13.8 billion yuan. The main clients of China’s visual interest include the upper-air public, the upper-air general, the Chang-An group, the upper-air public, the upper-air vehicle, the east-winder Japanese-born, the east-wind vehicle, and so on.
Figure 22: Global CarLight Competition Patterns (2018) Figure 21: China’s visual income is the country’s first (billions of dollars) and Chinese visual technology is at the forefront of the country.
With, by 2013, the E16led frontal fog lamp and the bulk production package for the long-lighted all-smart matrix light from 2016, the Chinese vision has opened up many of the top lines in the industry. The Chinese vision and the Chinese SPLM have jointly developed the first programming-of-the-world intelligent interactive lamp, spearheading the use of the pml pixel lamp +isd.
A smart interactive light system that combines smart car lamps, smart projectors, and can be programmed and upgraded over and over and over and over and over again, and is mounted on a high-altitude hiphix.
Line control: New energy vehicles and autopilots are required, and the Shanghai conglomerates are already supplied in small quantities. The electronic braking of new energy vehicles replaces vacuum pumps.
The pressure of a closed liquid transmits the same size to all directions of the liquid, driving the brake-coated pistons, the brake-card pliers, etc. But a pure electric vehicle without an engine infusion tubes provides a vacuum for the introduction of an electronic vacuum pump of vp (using the traditional fluid suppression system, increasing the electric vacuum pump, rotating the product from an electric machine).
Two solutions, of which the vp program chassis was small and used in oil modification, low end new energy vehicles are common: the hehb program has little noise, small size, high cost, large plate changes, mainly for high end, and, depending on whether or not the heb system is integrated into abs/esp, can be divided into one-box (ehb integration)
Abs/esp) and two-box (ehb and abs/esp stand alone). One-box is highly integrated, low cost, more efficient in energy recovery, but more complex and requires decoupling pedals. One-box is better than two-box performance, but two-box is now more secure. The market is more representative.
Two-box products include the World ' s ibooster+esp program, one-box products include the World ' s ipb, mkc1 on the mainland, ibc on the Seife, etc. Line control is a technological breakthrough for national producers, and Chinese cars have been delivered in small quantities.
For example, in areas such as esc, epb, foreign automobile parts and components leading companies such as the World, the mainland and the Gearhouse, which are almost monopolized by domestic firms, after years of research and development, have accelerated their pursuit in the field of online control, and it is clear that domestic firms such as Burtley, the Chinese Motors (Shanghai Convergence), the Top Group and others have already managed the area online.
A breakthrough was made. In the 17 years that the Shanghai conglomerates under the flag of the Chinese automobile developed products like e-booster and active energy accumulators and acquired new energy sources from the North in 18 and 19 and Biadi in 20 years, with a small volume heading north towards millimetre wave radars: the country's first production, 77 ghz products were installed by car.
millimetre wave radars are remote, stable, capable of co-opting well with cameras. millimetre wave radars feature prominently in detection distance, stable performance, moderate prices, and can well complement cameras. (The camera works less well in bad weather, and the millimetre wave radar is less affected; camera range algorithms are less affected.)
Complicated, with a large distance detection error; and a long distance from and relatively accurate detection of millimetre wave radars, are the main sensors of the l2 and upper-level autopilots. The adas penetration increases drive rapid growth in the industry, with 17.9 billion yuan in domestic space in 2025.
The most central driver of the traffic is an increase in the penetration rate of autopilot adas at the level of 122 and above. The root level adas is 12%. According to the DSA, the output of domestic millimetre-wave radars increased rapidly, from 1.14 million in 2016 to 2020.
With 8.19 million and an expected output of 31.25 million in 2025, a combined increase of 2021 to 2015 of 42.59 million internal millimetre wave radar requirements, assuming an average unit price of $420, the corresponding market space of 77ghz is better performing and is expected to become mainstream in the future.
26.65 ghz and 76-81 ghz, the working frequency of the mainstream vehicle millimetre wave radar is close to the frequency bands of 24 ghz, 77 ghz and 79 ghz. The higher the frequency, the shorter the wavelength, the smaller the antenna size and volume.
With 77ghz excellent performances, 77ghz products are expected to be the main product for the future. The millimetre-wave radars are faster, and the Chinese automobiles are the first to produce.
With the measures of the technological blockade, the market for millimetre wave radars is largely monopolized by foreign giants, with the combined share of the global market of 68% in Bozo, Continent, Haila, Fuzzy Sky, Electric Appliances, and the domestic market for 77ghz mm wave radars, with 94% of the market share for Bo, Continent and Electric.
The development of a millimetre wave radar was initiated, with a 24ghz mm wave radar production achieved in 17 years. In 2020, the 77ghz mm wave radar of the Chinese automobile was completed with the production of an accompaniment to the passenger vehicle, and the long-range road test was completed on the basis of the forward radar and forward video camera (1r1v) integration programme.
Figure 31: China's car-mm wave radars are the first to produce internal and external accoutrements and light quantifiers: the basic interior and interior accoutrements are solid, and the creation of light-quantifiers is a trend towards introduction operations: the basic acreage is secure and upgrades are made in conjunction with the smart cabins.
The bulk of the foreign surplus is in Chinese car interiors. The company generated $84.4 billion in 2020, or 63% of the Chinese automobile revenue. In 2020, the company achieved a net profit of $2.38 billion, representing the company ' s net return profit in 2020.
44%. The ding-tao is a 50:50 joint venture between a Chinese car and a U.S. Wieston, which acquired 50% of the shares in the U.S. in 2013 and achieved 100% control over the ding-tao. The ding-tao sub-contractor is a long-fisted interior joint venture between the ding-tao and Jiangsen self-controlled 70:30, and the ding-tao acquisition in 2020.
30% of the stock is held in a 100% hold on long-flash interiors. Another affiliate, Yan Chang-tao, is a seating company, formerly a joint venture of long-fence and Ando-tao (50.01% and 49.99% respectively), and in March 2021, the long-flash is proposed to acquire the remaining shares to achieve long-fence security.
The company’s internal and external adornment business is solid, and in most of the years, revenue gains have won cars id16, xim17, xim18, touchin, xim20, xim21s multi-facility concept vehicles have led to the replacement of interior adornment products. The id16 was first seen in March 2016 and was incorporated into 30 innovative products.
From color-colored led diodes, instrument panels with fine skin-lined technology to functional heatable armings and door interior linings with perforated leather, all upgrades to the original interior articles; touchin carries products such as rings, dashboards, smart armers, porcelain bars, hair-dressing skins, etc., making interiors more luxurious; latest paragraph
The Xim21s Focus crew has experienced six dimensions of an iterative upgrade function design: the longest-trading industry track, zero-gravity seats, integrated steering wheels, smart surfaces, smart switches, and the world’s first sub-mechanical panels. As the smart cabin is upgraded, the value of the entire inner unicycle will increase.
Chart 36: Touchin, xim21s product maps Long-range trajectories Light Quantified: Aluminium casting domestic taps, extended to battery trays, battery casings
Xekoli's industry is leading, with a low Māori rate. The Public Division for Limited Application of Automotive Modelling Technologies in Shanghai was established in 2004 as a joint venture for the design, production and production of auto models and their applications, with a 75% shareholding in the Chinese automobile industry, and the Shanghai Automobile Industries Hong Kong Ltd.
In 2020, Sekori earned $4.68 billion. In the last three years, the compound income increased by 11%, far larger than the aluminum casting company Ekody, Xujin shares, Wen Chan shares, and so on. The Māori rate is lower than that of his peers.
The mechanism has lowered the Māori rate, but at the same time it has resulted in lower sales costs, which are only about 1.3% for the Chinese automobile company as a whole, well below 4% for Ekodi, Vincent's shares, etc. Aluminium foundries are technologically advanced and comprehensive, and battery trays and battery casings are expected to be released.
S.A. (Shanghai) Ltd. was established in February 2001 as a joint venture of 50% ownership of each of the Chinese and German Rhine metal cars, mainly to produce gas cylinders, cylinder caps, chassis parts and new energy vehicles, battery trays, battery casings, etc. Battery trays require ultra-large-pressure casting equipment and special hot spots.
It's a difficult process. The electrical shell is a complex structure and a difficult shape, requiring complex processes such as low-pressure sand casting and container processing, and companies using advanced 3d printing techniques to make sand cores, reducing both the test cost and the research and development cycle. Companies also have the capacity to deliver in bulk:20
Three hundred and fifty-five thousand battery trays per year, an increase of 53.51 per cent over the same year, and three hundred and eighty-five thousand battery casings.
Over the past 10 years, the company’s operations have grown in revenue relative to the automobile industry and the upper-mortality group, with a combined increase of 9% over the same period, and a combined increase of 5% in industry sales. But with the growth in corporate revenue and the decline in automobile sales from 2018 to 2020, the company’s Māori ratio and net profit ratio have increased.
Figure 43: Increase in the business cycle of the company,1 assuming that the same rate of increase in the first half of the year was 27 per cent and 12 per cent for the industry and the upper group, respectively, we expect an increase of 6.9 per cent for the industry and an increase in the upper group, respectively, in 2021 -
By and large. Given the stock-raising advantages of the auto parts and components industry and the competitive advantages of the company, it is assumed that the company’s main business section will have a small income growth rate and win the industry.2 The company’s Māori ratio was lower than in 2020 owing to factors such as the rise in raw materials and the lack of cores in 2021;
In the context of electricization and intelligence, the company has been active in developing electric intelligence, which has produced a great deal of results, and in the field of electrodynamics, the company's flat-line electric machines have taken the lead in measuring production and obtaining support for the general public.
Meb platform, upper er6 and so on: "Three in one" power drive to achieve mass meb platform and common gas. 10,000, with customers covering upper gas, Volvo, wide gas, etc. Thermopump air conditioners will be matched to upper steam glory in 2018. In terms of intelligence, the Chinese under-country vision is the country's first-largest light factory, technology foresight, pml.
Pixel +isd smart interactive light system is the leading product of high-coupled cars: in the field of line control, Shanghai Exchange, 17 years of development and delivery of a new energy vehicle with a small volume of e-booster to the North in 20 years; in the area of millimetre wave radar, 24ghz mm wave radar in 17 years; 77ghz mm wave radar in 2020
The company will benefit from the replenishment of spare parts for cars after the chip shortage has eased, and will lead the industry in terms of electrodynamic intelligence, which should be only 10 times the value in 2022, giving the company a 25% increase in the aluminum price index since 2021, a 31% increase in the heat roll price index and raw material prices.
The most recent estimate by the Federation is 27 million vehicles in 2021, an increase of 6.7 per cent over the next half of the year.
The higher than expected growth in domestic automobile sales will have a negative impact on the output of firms, the higher than expected increase in automobile sales and the higher-car revenue from the upper-car group, which accounts for about 55 per cent of the revenue, if the higher-car sales do not increase as much as the higher-car group does.
The risk of less than anticipated chip shortage mitigation is expected to affect the company’s revenues, and the Fed’s supply of chips, which is expected to start in July on 30 June, has improved significantly, and should be produced in August.
The end signifies that the chip problem should be largely resolved in September as more capacity is released. If the chip shortage is lower than expected, the return of the entire industry to car production will be delayed and the output of the company ' s spare parts will be reduced accordingly, affecting the output of the company ' s products.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment