Technology is technology-based, business resonance upwards: the industry cycle influences the business cycle, and leading technology is the core driver of the company’s growth over the cycle. Around the technological advantage of the industrial chain, the company acquired the torch in May, making it a domestic heavy-card engine/reshuffle.
Stage one: industry ups, trillions of policy catalytic performances and valuations go up. Phase two: industry downs, and M & As.
Phase three: industry goes up, multi-business breaks out. Policies are clear, multi-factory, high-profile. The epidemic accelerates the downside of the industry, the export surges are catalytic, and multiple business optimization is expected to begin.
All right, let's move the profits up and down to the center.  Vision: the big tank tracks contribute structural increases, the heavy card industry warms up and leads the industrial chain back up, Keahow is working on a steady recovery, and profits are expected to continue to rise for the next two to three years.
The top three types of business resonance upwards with greater certainty of performance. 1) Cycle elasticity: Motivation of corporate vehicles 15/2%/9% of net interest rate of the three heavy card lines, respectively, and is directly related to industry sales (scale effect), with industry warming contributing more to upward elasticity of the plate: 2)
Stable development: Kaiju is now at the head level in the global forklift/intellectual logistics field, with a net interest rate centre of 5 per cent, with a largely stable market share and profitability, with less volatility in the cycle; 3) full new profit increment: 19 years of company expansion of big tank engine operations, 2023 global market share
Close to 10 per cent, with an absolute preponderance of value for wood, is expected to achieve a rapid increase in market share: 2023 performance forecast, contributing to a full increase in profits; 4) remaining strategic business: companies in agricultural machinery/hydration/new energy, etc.
Review: Sustained realization of profits, sustained focus on inputs in areas such as gas and the cylinders, focus on new business developments in the medium to long term, low short-term profitability contributions, need to keep track of medium to long-term industry changes
Three heavy cards were selected as comparable companies with an average value of 30/21/17 times.
With a strong degree of certainty about the increase in the volume of engine operations in the entire industrial chain, a steady increase in profits and a steady increase in the long-term deployment of new energy sources, we believe that fuelwood power should enjoy a higher valuation premium and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
1. Development of the historical rediscovery: the global champion of heavy machinery, technology, sustained expansion of the wood power company, formally established in 2002 to start heavy-card engine operations, anchor core technical links, acquire torches to master core technical links such as heavy-card gear tanks/bridges, and expand down-stream full-carrying operations and buy Bo
Duan has mastered the engine technology and expanded the engine business, acquired hydraulics and expanded the forklifts, car/engineering and agro-machinery areas, and then followed the industry’s new energy-friendly transition to a strategic business of hydrogen fuel/pure power/mixing.
Global leaders in areas such as forklift/smart warehouse logistics, and further development of overseas markets with the help of big tank operations 1.1. History of development: focus on multi-business integration, collection of profit-making-hire cattle, multi-industry chain-breaking layouts, and a large group of heavy machinery.
The company began its business vertically after Tan Xu Guang took over as Chairman in 2002. In 2007, 71.89% of the torch was acquired, with heavy gas, Faust, and Hand Bridges; in 2012, with an increase of more than 40% of Que Xiao ' s shares in 2014 and a consolidated statement; in 2016, with Dematek; and in 2017 with 33.5% of FF.
To date, the company’s operations cover a wide range of areas such as the downstream of re-cars, forklifts/hydrates, smart logistics, agricultural/industrial machines, new energy sources, etc. At the same time, in 2018, President Tan Xun Xin Xin Xin Xin Xiang also took charge of China’s heavy gas, and China’s heavy gas began to use fuelwood engines, working in tandem and forming a large group of heavy machinery.
(i) Recapitulation of the historical development of the wood engine, which can be divided into six phases. 1) 2007-2012: the company focused on the gold chain of the heavy-carat industry, completed the consolidation of the torch in 2007 and expanded the vehicle and gear box operations, with a net interest rate of almost 10%, with a significant increase in profitability, but with a greater impact on the cycle of the heavy-carat industry;
2018: The heavy-card sector warmed up, with improved performance in the top-heavy Keasu business, a significant increase in revenue, a rise in net interest rates to a peak, a cyclical recovery in the heavy-card industry, and a recovery in corporate profits. The overall level of business activity was stable, with the Māori rate as a whole, supporting overall profitability stability.
Business: Contribution of major income, development with industry, business income with corporate income as a whole, peaked at $71,394 million, followed by a decline in industry, where the Māori rate remained at around 20 per cent and profitability was stable.
In terms of volume, the company’s engine product spans a wide range of areas such as cards, covers a full range of commercial vehicle products, and the product matrix is rich. The volume of engine output varies according to the volatility of the industry’s sales, and the share of the industry’s markets remains at around 30%, a steady increase; the ratio of heavy card engines is more than half, but the trend is downward.
2) In terms of profitability, the operating income of the company ' s engine business fluctuates with the industry, and the collection is closely linked to the volume of the industry ' s sales. In 2016-2021, the company ' s heavy-card engine output increased significantly, leading to a high turnover of operating income, mainly in line switching and logistics transport development; net interest rates remained stable over the cycle, maintaining a 15 per cent central interest rate, reaching a net interest rate in the first half of 2016
Re-incarnation of the head of the car has a higher volatility in profitability. A subsidiary under the flag of Xianqian is re-inflated by re-incarnation of the car. Head-building enterprises, with 13 per cent of the city's 2023h1, have a stable 13-15 per cent of the central level since the company's inception. However, profit volatility is high, with heavy gas operating revenue changing with the volume of sales in the industry, with $23.319 billion in turnover of 20239 billion.
Heavy card transformer leads, with greater volatility in profits. The firm Faust, a subsidiary under the flag of wood, is a leading player in the heavy card transformer business, with sales changing with downstream cyclical fluctuations, with 425,000 sales of 2023h1, compared to +33.23 per cent, with long-term city coverage, with cars/stores leading the global head, with steady operating conditions.
The business situation has stabilized since 2014, when it was annexed to the table, and since 2016 it has entered a steady growth phase, with business income of $82,658 million in 2022, compared with 11 per cent, and a 1.2 per cent capr in 2016-2022, with a robust income 2) cost control, with a steady increase in the ability to control costs and a decline in the cost of sales and management costs
In terms of asset earnings, the central hub of Quesuroe is stable at about 12%, but volatile at a high level. The development of large-cylinder engine operations is vigorously pursued, with high profit elasticity as an important variable.
In 2019, the company officially introduced engine operations (over 500 kw) for large cylinders, mainly in the areas of power generation, shipboards, and mine cards, with the market concentrated abroad. In 2020, the company sold 0.34 million large cylinders.
In the future, thanks to the technical advantages of Boduon and his own excellent cost-control capabilities, public officials will be able to use the power of Boduan to control the cost of fuelwood.
The city’s share is expected to increase rapidly. The city’s share increases with high profit elasticity, and the overall profit performance is expected to rise.
When the season’s profits are highly correlated with the volume of heavy card sales, they coincide with the pace at which the heavy card industries are sold. Since the combination of fuelwood power has been listed, the change in net return profits has been consistent with the change in overall sales in the heavy card sector, with a gradual cyclical shift in the profitability of the surplus, which has been influenced more by the volatility of the heavy card industry.
The heavy-card sector cyclically increased, but the economy was affected by external shocks, resulting in a decline in net profit to less than 1 per cent; 2) the economic recovery rebounded upwards in 2009-2010 with a four trillion-dollar policy introduced in 2010 to stimulate demand in the heavy-cartel sector, higher overall sales in the industry, higher net profits in the company to the mother, and net interest rates
Rapid recovery to about 10%; 3) 2010-2011 due to the peak of the heavy card industry cycle and net profits of companies, which supported a steady upward trend in profitability. In August 2005, wood-powered investments in torches, indirect control of mountains and Faust, and the construction of a full chain of heavy-carat operations; in 2007, companies acquired torches and directly controlled heavy gas.
In the period 2007-2001, company engine profits accounted for about 80% of the total profit, contributing mainly to the profit, while re-cars and gearbox profits accounted for about 80% of the remaining profit, multi-business co-development, corporate corporate surplus, heavy card industry continued to fall, adding up to 2014 and proud, net interest rate of the company declined, net interest rate of 2015h2 reached 1% at first reading.
In 2012-2015, the share of profits in the corporate engine industry increased significantly, reaching 153% in 2015h2 and +65 + 90pc, respectively, in the corporate business 2016-2021h1, which was consolidated to respond to the industry ' s up-to-date performance.
Launching a new up-to-date cycle, the industry warming up the scale effect, driving corporate motors/cars/goboxes/Kaisu, etc., to maintain a steady level of profitability and support a steady increase in corporate overall profitability. 2016-2021h1, the company launched a cyclical recovery in the heavy-card industry, causing the company to warm back, with 2023h1 returning to its net profit of 3.8999 billion.
Reconstructing the scale of the heavy-card chain and Keisu operations, optimizing the business structure of the big-cylinder and gas engine, uplifting the profitability of the various operations, causing a serious decline in the heavy-card industry and a significant decline in net profit from the parent company, but maintaining the previous red-dimension programme, which increased significantly to 57.5 per cent; in 2019, affected by the epidemic, the company reduced its red-dimension rate to 24.9 per cent;
In 2008, q1-2023q3, the company’s valuation is highly correlated with the overall change in the net profit of the parent. The company’s profits follow the fluctuations in the volume of sales in the heavy card industry, the catalytic valuation changes with the industry’s cyclicality, the sales-profit-valued strong coupling, and the company’s performance shows a pro-cyclical trend.
As a result of the financial crisis, corporate profits and valuations continued to decline; in November 2018, the $4 trillion policy was formally implemented, driving a one-year “dial-out” scenario, and corporate performance was reversed upwards; and in 2010, firm performance continued to be strong, equity was poor, valuation was raised and profit was mismatched, and stock prices continued to revert downward after a short rise.
Industry cyclically subsides, corporate profits drive a passive rise in the pe valuation; in 2016, super-policial catalytic corporate performance realized, valuations dropped and stock prices rebounded; in 2018, company performance continued to materialize, but the market was not expected to improve, and valuations returned; and in 2019-2020, the country ' s third phase-out of the heavy card industry continued to outpace expectations, with companies outpacing expectations.
In 2023, the industry warmed and the company's performance continued to outpace. Taken together, the volume was highly correlated and the valuations fluctuated over the cycle. The three rounds of stock price up in the history of fuelwood power were based on behaviour in the heavy-card industry, often leading to performance-to-value resonance plus core performance-driven behavior patterns;
In 2023, driven by the accelerated process of re-carding, industrial heat + gas heavy card transition, the company ' s output is rising, and we believe that this round will open a new round of stock prices. 3. Future business outlook: technology for technology, multi-business resonance, new cycle upwards.
3.1. Industry: export outbreak + gas transition resonance, booster industry sales upwards, Figure 36: Internal and external relays, domestic heavy card sales are expected to return upwards, domestic perspectives, domestic and foreign natural gas production is available, domestic gas supply is abundant, domestic gas prices are guaranteed in the medium and long term
At a low position, the large oil and gas price differential reduces the full life-cycle cost of the gas heavy card; in addition, the construction of gas stations at various locations has accelerated, and the network of supplementary energy has been improved to address the concerns of users; heavy card manufacturers have responded to changing demand trends and have continued to enrich the supply of natural gas products, new vehicles, production negotiations have led to lower average prices, and product prices have continued to increase and become more attractive.
In addition, in line with the policy to phase out four heavy cards in potential countries and the catalytic drive of the trillion-dollar national debt to repair the volume of heavy card sales, we estimate that the volume of domestic heavy card sales in 2024-2025 will be 82/98,000, compared to 34 per cent/+19 per cent, respectively.
In 2020-2023, the country’s heavy-carat exports, driven by the global epidemic and geopolitical factors, quickly broke through the markets of Africa, South-East Asia, the Middle East, Russia, and so forth. In mid-2023, the AAA achieved 276,000 heavy-cargo exports, and in January-February 2024.
Exports are close to 40,000, with higher growth rates. Looking ahead, home-grown heavy cards are expected to continue to break through South-East Asia, Africa, and even Latin America, with cars such as heavy gas/liberating/breathing increasing their exports, production capacity, and network layout after channel sales, with global brands abroad, such as Daimler, Paka, Scandinavia and others.
Integrated, vertically integrated heavy-card whole-chain technology supports companies’ performance and stock prices, leading the industry. The track track record is stronger than the stock prices for the upper cycle, and so forth: the first round of wood is markedly up, and the technology is self-researching.
Maximum profit combined and elasticity of valuation: second round of firewood less than heavy gash, vertically, the up-cycle industry outperformed the original first round of the ceiling, the up-rate and the range were over-expected, but the whole roe center post-Kai-Hoo was merged and therefore the valuation failed to reach the previous high, but the profit upswing drove up the new high market value; horizontally, the upswings were higher.
The weight-h is slightly weaker than the weight-h, the core being the drop in net interest rates for the wood itself and the higher share of heavy-card exports in the industry after 2020. This round of wood is expected to open up a further round of up-to-date rounds.
(b) Industry, where export is at the top of the cycle, where export is at the top of the cycle, where the export share is higher than the enhancement of the country's heavy card cycle properties, where the company's own re-card ratio is higher, the beta+α factor benefits both, the cyclical properties are weaker and the profitability performance is stable.
In a bottom-up context, the company’s own engine business product structure is driven by an over-expected performance ahead of the valuation. The upward cycle of the round is similar to that of 2014, with a clear rebound before the valuation, but we have a more pronounced fall in industry sales in the year, a full digestion of the industry’s spending, and the current high fuel and gas prices are expected to stimulate users to move ahead.
In the short term, the heavy-carat industry is warming for the benefit of which there is further room for profit.
(a) Net interest rates for company heavy-card engine operations have fluctuated slightly since 2017 and are set at 11-16 per cent, with a high positive correlation with the level of sales in the industry. (b) Heavy-car trucks with a high historical volatility in net interest rates for the entire operation, with a peak of 7 per cent for the industry ' s up-front period and a low-to- 8 per cent net interest rate for the down-line period.
In some cases, the hub has stabilized at between 1 and 2.5 per cent, and the profitability of the entire vehicle operation is also highly positive in relation to the level of industry sales. (3) The historical interest rate fluctuations in the Farszt heavy-carbox business net interest rate fluctuated with the heavy-card sector, with a peak net interest rate of over 10 per cent, the bottom position of the industry was reduced to around 0 per cent, and the net interest rate level was associated with the high level of industry sales. 4)
Annual net interest rates are held back by old dematek orders and are expected to revert to central level thereafter. Figure 45: Net interest rates on heavy card gear boxes (%) and industry sales (millions) Figure 46: Changes in historical net interest rates (%)
The world's main market players in the big engine market are Caterpillar, Conminth, Mtu, John Dyer, and Mitsubishi in Japan. In the future, companies are expected to increase rapidly, thanks to the technical advantages of Boduan and the excellent cost-control capabilities of the wood itself.
Future companies are expected to contribute to a steady increase in their share, driven by a value-for-money advantage. On the basis of the following core assumptions, we forecast profits for 2023-2025:
We believe that the long-term new energy sector should enjoy a higher valuation premium, and that the company “cannot recover as expected.” The company's business is in the heavy card industry, and if the heavy card industry does not recover as expected, the public sector will have to pay for it.
Gas price fluctuations are more than expected. If gas prices rebound, the oil and gas price differentials shrink, affecting overall industry sales sustainability and having an impact on performance.
The three major financial forecasting tables for fuelwood power, the currency units of the data are the renminbi, and the Eastern Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.