Gwang Da Bank (601818) Quality of assets Gwang Da Bank of China was established in August 1992 and approved by the State Council
The recovery of the national stock system, which was approved by the People’s Bank of China, has been influenced by the market situation, with a decline in the rate of revenue and net profit growth. 1h23 grand banks, with a ratio of 2.5%, are based in Beijing.
Quick-speed ring ratio drops 0.9 pct; net profit falls by 2.0 pct as compared to +3.3%. Net interest income decreases have increased, mainly as a result of slower credit growth and lower interest differentials in the market situation; and listed. China Light Bank focuses on “first-class wealth management”
The Bank’s strategic vision is to move forward with a “agility, technology, ecology” through integration, specialization, lightening, digitalization.
Accelerating innovation in product, channel and service models, fostering a stronger market competitive advantage in wealth management and financial science and technology, resulting in balanced business development, progressive improvement of risk management,
At the end of the expenditure line, 2q23’s management costs are in contrast to an increasingly innovative business pattern, building a social image of the first-class wealth-management bank.
Credit impairment losses decreased by 8.3% per year, net profits by 1.3% per year, and the growth loop by 4.1pc. The total amount of credit delivered was roughly the same as last year, with public loans dominated. At the end of June, large bank loans were also invested in capital (four major capital industries), manufacturing, wholesale retail, accounting for 50.5% of the total increase in loans, respectively.
Thanks mainly to the market situation, loan returns fell by 11 bp; the rate of return on loans, bonds, and notes rose by 7 bp. Of these, the rate of interest on deposits rose by 5 bp to 2.35%, mainly because of the current trend of periodicization of individual deposits and the relative lag in the adjustment of interest rates on deposits.
Slow down, banks are faced with asset waste, credit investment competition is increasing, and asset yields may fall further; 2 The end end of the liability is accompanied by lower deposit pricing, and cost improvements are expected to be realized gradually, with firm net gains expected in the second half of the year. The wealth management strategy continues to deepen and retail and private aum grow robustly.
The banking strategy is to build a wealth-opening ecology, enrich product shelves, and meet the diverse needs of clients. At the end of the month, there were 152 million retail customers, 334 per cent more than at the beginning of the month, and 2.59 trillion yuan more than at the beginning of the year, 6.97 per cent more than at the beginning of the year. The number of private customers was 5.98 million, 5.72 per cent more than at the beginning of the year.
Credit cards and consumer loans were exposed mainly because of the pressure on residents ' repayment capacity in the first half of the year. Retail loans were poor at 1.18 per cent, an increase of 9bp compared to the beginning of the year.
Investment proposals: Large banks have a solid base, and the quality of their operations continues to be optimized.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Figure 6: Mid-June Big Bank provision coverage of 188.56 per cent, Ring increase of 0.4 pct Figure 7: End-June Big Bank non-performing loan rate of 1.30 per cent, Ring increase of 5 bp
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East Leaning Bank (601818): smooth quality of assets, sound management of wealth Schedule: Company profit forecast
I've been in the banking industry for years, and I've been in the gold, sea and skywind banking industry.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Great Bank (601818) has a smooth asset quality and a sound wealth management.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.