Newtimesecurities Technology Enabling Retail Banks to Rapid Transformation - First Coverage Report by Merchant Bank (600036.sh)
The way of transition for the King of Retail Trade in Technology: The Merchant Bank is the country’s first stock-based commercial bank to be fully recommended (for the first time covered) by a corporate entity, with no controlling shareholders and actual controllers, and the advantage of a financial license plate is evident.
Since its establishment, and taking into account the trends in banking development and the characteristics of its own development, commercial banks have undergone several strategic transformations and innovations over a period of more than 30 years that have successfully led to the emergence of the retail business of our commercial banks, and in 2005 they formally proposed “accelerating the development of retail, intermediate and small and medium-sized enterprise operations”.
In 2014, Merchant Banks further deepened their “second transformation” by positioning “light banking” and defining a “one-wing” development strategy.
The middle line is ranked first. The end of the line is highly marketed, with significant cost advantages.
Non-performing lending rates are at a low level of industry. As a result of lower non-performing lending rates, higher asset quality and higher risk awareness, recruitment banks have continued to grow in their provision coverage and have long been at the forefront of the industry.
Retailing is the mound of a merchant bank: the banks are more profitable, and Roe and Roa are all in a position to lead the business. Loans and advances interest income are the largest component of the banks’ interest income.
Public loans; third, high levels of customer stickyness, which can generate more intermediate business income for merchant banks. The advantages of middle-level operations are clear, with a higher share of non-interest income and a long-term high ranking among listed banks. At the same time, the latter have higher administrative costs and long-term priority in share-based banks.
More investment is needed, but the returns from it are higher; and there is strong support from merchant banks for financial science, technology and innovation, building up the science and technology base, and increasing investment in infrastructure development and R & D. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating
We use two stages of ddm and relative valuation to value the merchant bank. For risk-free interest rates, we use the average of 10 years of national interest rates on debt over the past year, while applying sensitivity tests to test deform valuation criteria, and we assume that we are affected by the epidemic and that China's economy will have a slow recovery process in 2020, so...
At the same time, the global banking sector has been affected by the slowdown in economic growth, the era of low interest rates, and exposure to emerging market risks, the credit boom has slowed, the “assets drain”, “breath-out” and “risk exposure” are three-fold challenges for our banking sector, and the tightening of regulations and digital attacks must not be underestimated.
Big bank, retailing of merchant banks, is likely to be influenced by the overall macroeconomics and to be more sensitive, and the difference between our views and those of the market is that, according to our analysis, the recruitment bank is the leader of the domestic retail business and has a significant market advantage.
The continuing dynamism of financial science and technology, the spread of private banks, and the upgrading of services; the transformation of 3.0 and the promotion of the One-Wide strategy, with light assets, which keeps the retail customer base solid; the increase in the share of non-interest income; and the management of financial operations and fees
Income from commissions is expected to continue to grow, such as credit risk, interest rate risk and liquidity risk; and other risks: the risk of force majeure, such as the new coronary virus, which suspends institutions.
In 1987, the first commercial bank in China to be fully owned by corporate entities - the Bank of Merchant Enterprises - was founded at the Shenzhen Snake. Since its inception, the Bank of Merchants has always been guided by the concept of “for you” business services.
Qualitative services attract clients, companies are growing rapidly, and brands are becoming more visible. Among the top 1,000 bankers in the world, published in the British leading financial magazine Silver Liners, the hiring bank ranked 19th in 2019, one step higher than in 2018; and the global bank’s top 500 list, the hiring bank is now fully represented.
On September 22, 2009, the company ' s h (3968.hk) was listed on the Hong Kong Board of Directors. As of the first quarter of 2020, the company 's share of HBM (3968.hk) was listed on the Hong Kong Board of Directors.
By the end of 2019, there were more than 1,800 foreign and domestic branches of the Bank of Merchants, 130 in mainland China.
The remaining municipalities have established service networks with six offshore branches and three offshore representative offices, the size of bank deposits (millions of yuan) and the corporate equity structure: the first commercial bank in the country to be fully owned by corporate entities.
The company is the first commercial bank in the country to be fully owned by corporate entities, with no shareholders and no real owners. The top seven shareholders are Hong Kong Central Clearing House Ltd., China Ocean Shipping Co. Ltd., Harmonious Health Insurance Co. Ltd., Andang Life Insurance Co. Ltd., and Shin.
In addition, there is a clear advantage in the financial license plate of the recruiting bank, Sing Qing Investment Development Ltd. and Shenzhen Investment Development Limited.
Equity, Consumed Consumer Finance Corporation, 24.15 per cent; Limited Public Department of Financial Holdings and Young-Long Bank Co. Ltd. in Hong Kong. The number of households (1,364 in total) has fallen sharply, with general corporate and insurance holdings being higher than at the end of 2019.
Most of them are smaller-holding fund companies and bond dealers. 1.2, three transformations have been successful in becoming the leader of commercial banking retail operations, which have been successfully transformed through several strategic transformations and innovations over the past few years and have become the leader of commercial banking retail operations in our country.
In 1995, Merchant Banks took the lead in launching a multifunctional, multi-storage, multi-currency, multi-functional debit card “one cartoon” that transformed the old paper-based deposit into an electronic account, created a differentiated service, led to personal silver business development, and laid the foundation for the rapid growth of retail operations in the future.
The products are “one-stop” and include online individual banks, online enterprise banks, a series of websites, etc., which create a brand image of the leading technology innovation players in the commercial banks. A series of innovative products, such as credit cards, gold fragrants, were introduced in 2002, creating an integrated retail product system, segmenting client groups and managing client services in a hierarchical manner.
“A first transition” in the case of personal business products of merchant banks: when the domestic banking sector as a whole is still in the development phase of public business, the recruiting banks take the lead in implementing business strategies and restructuring their operations in the domestic business community, based on the development of retail operations.
It was clearly proposed that “retail banking should be a strategic priority for development and that the regulatory and organizational changes in retail banking systems should be gradually advanced”. In 2005, Merchant Banks formally proposed “accelerate the development of retail, intermediate and small and medium-sized business operations”. Retailing by Merchant Banks grew rapidly and, as of the end of 2010, Retail Deposits by Merchant Banks accounted for a total of deposits.
While the “one-time transition” has significantly improved the business structure of merchant banks, the 2008 financial crisis, in which most countries responded to the crisis with interest cuts, led to lower net interest differentials and higher core capital requirements under the Basel agreement.
As demand deposits, retail loans, paper business, etc. in the balance sheet of a merchant bank are more sensitive to changes in interest differentials, the net profit of the latter bank in 2009 was 13.48% below the line, the only setback in its performance. This has also triggered a more in-depth reflection by the management of the merchant bank on the transition.
“Second transformation”: In order to respond effectively to changes in the internal and external operating environment, banks were recruited in 2010 to fully implement a “second transformation” to reduce capital consumption, increase loan pricing, control financial costs, add value to customers, and ensure that risk can be controlled as a major objective of the five major objectives.
In 2014, commercial banks further deepened the “second transformation” and positioned “light banking” to define “one-wing” development strategies. In the “one-wing” strategy, “one-way” is retail banking, further highlighting the strategic position of retailing and enhancing the combined advantages of retailing.
Focused development on micro-finance, wealth management, consumer finance; “two wings” rose to 37.29 per cent at the end of the year, respectively. The advantages of retail operations: first, capital-saving occupation; second, more countercyclical; and third, the need to respond to economic transitions, especially when the economy moved from an investment-oriented to a consumer-led economy.
The third transformation of S&T-enabling Banks - “Financial Science and Technology Banks”: As S&T Banks adhere to their development strategy, as they innovate, they are based on market and customer demand, and are deeply engaged in innovation-driven development strategies, promoting overall business through S&T, and accelerating the building of financial science and technology banks.
In 2017, the Bank of Merchants introduced and implemented a “mobile priority” strategy, introducing a hands-on version of App5.0 in the same year, taking the lead in the industry, opening it up to his cardholders and laying the groundwork for the expansion of the platform; and in 2017, the Bank of Merchants, applying financial technology such as mobile interconnection, big data, cloud computing and artificial intelligence to create more value for its clients.
In September 2019, the number of subscribers to the Bank of Merchants was one of the highest in the financial apps. The Bank of Merchants is increasing its use of financial technology, and the Bank of Merchants' annual report of 2019 shows that in 2019, the Bank of Merchants invested 9,361 million yuan in information technology, an increase of 43.97 per cent, compared with 43.97 per cent.
3.72% of the company ' s revenues; the Bank has cumulatively declared 2.260 financial STI projects, with 1.611 projects, of which 957 projects have been put on line to cover areas of retail, wholesale, risk, technology and organizational cultural transformation, providing solid support for the exploration of the 3.0 business model.
Integration of technology and business, rapid succession, continuous delivery of products and services, creation of best customer experience, and optimal balance of efficiency, cost and risk.
2.1 National equity banks with high asset growth have the highest net assets among the publicly listed national equity banks. While total assets continue to grow, corporate net profits have remained high.
The company Roe is also at the forefront of all listed banks for many years, beginning in 2019, with the impact of the epidemic on the banking sector as a whole and the impact on its profitability, but the earnings performance of the merchant banks is still at the top of the list, with the net profits of the merchant banks increasing at a rate of 9.64 per cent in the first quarter of 2020.
Roe is 4.43 per cent, all of whom are in the forefront of the industry. Roe is in the forefront of the industry (%) High marketability and significant cost advantages at the end of the liability
The ratio of debt-paying bonds to the interest-paying liabilities of merchant banks has increased, while the ratio of deposit-absorption, peer-to-peer liabilities has declined, net interest differentials and interest-bearing liability-cost ratios have had an absolute advantage in the share-based banks. The ratio of interest-paying deposits to interest-paying liabilities of merchant banks has been the largest, while the ratio of debt-paying bonds has risen, owing to financial downsides.
On the whole, the absorption of deposits was the largest component of interest-paying liabilities of the commercial banks, which accounted for more than 75 per cent in the long run, but in recent years, as a result of the increase in the size of other types of liabilities, the latter absorbed long-term funds from the open market for bond collection, which fell to 8.17 per cent in the first quarter of 2020, as a result of the epidemic.
Since 2010, the recruitment bank has been strategicly transformed, with the net difference at the top of the stock-based banking industry. In 2015, central banks reduced interest rates with the liberalization of deposit interest rate ceilings, interest rate marketization processes, and the final caller bank net difference was 2.59%, which was affected by the epidemic in early 2020, the net difference was reduced, and the firmer bank net difference was reduced.
A small drop to 2.56 per cent, but still at the forefront of the industry. The higher net bank balance is largely attributable to the lower cost of the debt, and it can be seen that the hiring bank has always maintained a significant cost advantage among its counterparts, with the lowest interest-bearing cost of the share-based bank, with only a relative country.
Large banks are high. The cost of interest-bearing liabilities in the banking sector as a whole has recovered since 2016, and in late 2019, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities in merchant banks was only 1.9 per cent.
In 2014, merchant banks defined a “one-wing” strategy, developed a “light bank” and improved their demand deposit operations. The average demand deposit was 61.08% between 2015 and 2018, with low cost to companies.
Lower interest rate. In 2019, the share of bank term deposits increased, falling to 59.10 per cent, but in 2019, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities was only 1.9 per cent. This was due in part to the easing of market liquidity in 2019 and the closing of the commercial bank ' s working liability, with a generally lower rate of returns in the peer market.
All right, caller banks can also help to reduce the cost of interest payments at the end of the liability by issuing inter-bank deposits. Cost of caller banks ' interest-bearing liabilities has remained low over time (%)
Since 2015, loans and advances account for more than half of total assets, and in the first quarter of 2020, they accounted for 58.03% of loans, which are in the forefront of equity banks.
Merchant banks are based on retail strategies, retail operations are growing rapidly, and high net-value clients have larger assets.As reported in the first quarter of 2020, there were 146 million retail customers (including debit and credit card customers) in merchant banks, an increase of 139 per cent compared to the end of 2019; and management of total retail customer asset balances of $7,884,221 million, an increase compared to the end of 2019
High net-value clients, high-quality loans from a merchant bank, consistently in the forefront of a share-based bank, and low-performing lending rates. Since 2010, the overall rate of non-performing loans from a merchant bank has been rising and decreasing.
The impact of the factors is that the rate of non-performing loans to commercial banks has risen year after year, rising to 1.87% in 2016; after 2017, as macroeconomics have gradually recovered, the rate of non-performing loans to commercial banks has gradually declined, with a drop of 0.25 percentage points at the end of 2019, the lowest of the share-based banks.
Loans have been relatively less affected by the epidemic, mainly because of a decline in the poor rate of public loans, while the quality of individual loans has changed as a result of lower non-performing lending rates, higher asset quality and higher risk awareness, increased bank provision, long-standing inter-operator banks in 2018, 2019 and 2020q1
The share-based bank coverage rate is the first of the share-based banks. In 2020, q1 recruitment banks cover 451.27%, up from 24.49 percentage points at the end of 2019, and rank third among all listed banks, after Bank Ningpo and Bank Favour.
Banker provision coverage is well above the industry average (%) 2.4 Regulatory indicator: capital adequacy at the core level is steadily increasing
The "lightness" of assets can ease capital constraints in the face of economic downside pressures. Since 2014, the capital adequacy of banks and core-level capital adequacy has been steadily rising and has been in stock.
The banks are the first, far above the regulatory requirements. 2020q1 recruitment bank capital adequacy rates of 15.52 per cent and 11.94 per cent at the core level, respectively, followed only by the construction of banks and business banks, which are in the forefront of the industry.
3.1. Analysis of interest income: a higher percentage of loans: interest income on loans and advances is the largest component of interest income earned by merchant banks, as measured by the income of the merchant banks. Interest on individual loans from 2007 to 2018, as a result of a sustained increase in proceeds from retail lending operations
In the case of public business; in the case of risk spread, the rate of non-performing loans is lower than that of public loans; in the case of customers, it is more sticky, which can generate more middle-level business income for banks. In terms of the loan structure, the share of individual bank loans in total loans is increasing every year.
One of the reasons for the higher interest income on individual loans was that, before 2017, enterprise loans and advances accounted for the highest proportion of total loans, at over 50 per cent, but since 2017, with the transformation of the company, individual loans and advances have risen to the top, with personal loans and advances accounting for 52.61 per cent of total loans in 2019, which also indicates that the hiring banks accounted for 52.61 per cent of total loans.
Deep-farm retailing has been very effective. The share of individual housing loans in all retail businesses has been the highest, rising from 2013 to a high of 47.46% in 2017, but has been more strongly influenced by property regulation policies since 2017, with the rate of growth of individual housing loans slowing down and the ratio of individual housing loans to individual loans reaching the end of 2019.
In addition, credit card loans have been growing at a relatively good rate, rising to 28.40 per cent at the end of 2019, the second largest retail loan category. In terms of the rate of return on loans, the rate of return on individual loans from a commercial bank is much higher than the rate of return on a business loan.
Retail lending returns are the most significant interest income, while retail lending by the callers ' banks is not only a high proportion of total lending and has a better rate of return than corporate loans. The average rate of return on individual loans at the end of 2019 was 6.07 per cent, which is 1.73 percentage points higher than the average rate of return on business loans (4.34 per cent).
Of these, the share of loans received was 35 per cent, both in terms of loan earnings and size, at the top of the stock-based banks; the rate of return on loans from the callers’ banks was at the top of the industry (%) The retail business of the callers’ banks was growing rapidly, and the size of the assets of retail customers and retail customers continued to grow.
The size of retail clients' assets at the Merchant Bank was $72,588.38 million, an increase of $456.73 million over the end of 2018;
In addition to interest income, a high percentage of non-interest income is also a long-standing priority for listed banks, which have since 2015 reconciled credit card instalments from fees to interest income sections. Subsequently, with the growth of fees and commission revenue for wealth management operations such as proxy insurance, trustees, etc., 2016
The share of non-interest income earned by merchant banks amounted to 25.67 per cent per year. The share of non-interest income earned by merchant banks declined, but remained at around 24 per cent. The highest share of non-interest income was from fees and commissions (over 80 per cent), with fees and commissions accounting for 82 per cent of non-interest income in 2019.
The percentage of non-interest income earned by the soliciting banks increased from year to year as compared with the long-standing preponderant share of non-interest income earned by the soliciting banks, which was more stable in terms of the breakdown of fees and commissions ' income, and was small in 2019.
Increase to 24.73 per cent, mainly due to growth in credit card intermediates, growth in income from bank card transactions; the impact of liquidity; relatively small fluctuations in guaranteed commitment operations, mainly due to changes in revenue from finance leases and domestic factoring charges; and, since 2014, trust and other fiduciary income has been in fees and commissions.
The largest share, but in recent years it has been affected by the decline in new regulations governing capital and the demand for social financing, low interest rates and the impact of the rapid decline in the size of hosting assets and the pressure on the overall market hosting rate, which reached 35.39 per cent in 2016, relying on financial science and technology, with clear cost advantages.
Merchant bank management costs are high, long in the first stock-based bank, and are among the top of all listed banks. In late 2019, recruitment bank management costs rose to 86,541 million yuan, representing an increase of 149 per cent compared to 2010 and an annual increase of 10.65 per cent.
More investment is needed, but banks also earn more from it; on the other hand, banks are heavily engaged in financial science, technology, innovation, building up the technological base, and increasing investment in infrastructure and research and development.
The fee for bank management is at the top of the industry (millions of yuan).4 Roe continues to grow at a high rate, the banks are more profitable, and Roe and Roa are all in the lead.
Over the years, it has been at the top of joint-stock banks since 2017, with 2019 rising to second place for all listed banks (16.13 per cent, after the Chengdu bank only 16.63 per cent) and 2020q1 rising to the top for all listed banks (4.44 per cent). In 2012, it was 24.78 per cent, followed by a change in the macro-environment of banks.
Bank roe has declined, but it is still in the forefront of the stock-based banks; and among all listed banks, the hiring bank roe has performed well. Since 2014, commercial bank roe has taken the lead and has jumped to the top of the list in 2019, reaching 16.13%, mainly as a result of deep-farm retailing, a structural transformation of the “one-wing”
Similarly, the recruiting bank, Roa, has been in the forefront of the share-based banks since 2012 and has been in the forefront of all listed banks since 2017.
In 2019, it was 1.32%. Roe is the first to have a share-based bank. (%) We believe that it was affected by the epidemic and that the net difference was at further risk of falling in 2020, but with corporate lending
Thanks to the company’s strong retail operations from 2014 to become a better moat, it has already accumulated better customers in 2020. And, as the epidemic picks up, small and medium-sized enterprises have greater demand for loans, and the central bank has also made a policy commitment to the Ministry.
Sub-enterprises tend to be skewed. Thus, it is projected that in 2020, the size of the loans and advances made by the company will be higher than the rate of economic growth and that, despite the net interest differential, the net interest income of the company will continue to grow in real terms. Depending on the difference in interest income = interest-bearing assets*, interest-bearing assets will be reduced by credit growth rates.
The net interest income is expected to remain at the same level of nominal economic growth, and we believe that there is still great scope for acting as a broker. As the per capita income level of the population rises, as well as the standardization and diversification of market-based varieties of property, the idea of financial management is gaining ground.
We believe that, as the size of the company’s lending expands, the size of the company’s assets increases, and the loans account for the total.
The share of production has also gradually increased, and the company’s asset structure has been further optimized. At the end of the firm’s liabilities, as central bank currencies ease, the cost of the company’s interest-paying liabilities is expected to decrease.
Using the three-stage ddm model, we use the next three years as a high-growth period, the next ten years as a transitional growth period, and thereafter as a sustained growth period. The assumptions for the valuation are: 1, assuming a market-no-risk rate of 3.40 per cent, which is worth 10 years of interest on debt over the past year;
The cost of equity capital is estimated at 9.28 per cent.2 Long-term profit growth rate: the net profit growth of the banks has been high in recent years, and has increased over the last three years.
The rate of payment for the transitional growth period and the permanent period may decline with the high rate of net profit, which we predict,4 which is significant in the future because the merchant banks have been maintaining a competitive advantage in the city's comptoirs. We assume 5, because the constant growth rate and the discount rate have had a greater impact on the forecast results.
Based on the above main assumptions, the fair value of the shares based on the sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation method is that the recruiting bank is a regional bank with excellent asset quality, management levels, and all aspects of the composition of the business. As can be seen from the preceding analysis, the hiring bank is undoubtedly a stock-based bank with better prospects for development.
From 2008 to 2019, there will be three rounds of strategic transitions in which banks will remain high in the future. Financial science and technology will continue to be active, private banks will become more widely available, and services will be upgraded; the transition will be 3.0, a “one-wing” strategy.
Promotion, light assets, keeping the retail customer base firm; rising non-interest-rate earnings, management of financial operations and fees, and commission revenues are expected to continue to grow.
Short-term share price catalysts: monetary policy continues to be relaxed, credit is growing faster than the economy. Business risks associated with business transformation: business decision-making risks for the new chairman, business transformation risks
The tightening of regulations has led to policy risks: following supply-side reforms, the country’s banking regulatory policy has become more stringent, and regulatory trends have severely limited the development of many of the banks’ revenues that are represented by business as a partner.
Market risks from the impact of the epidemic: China’s economy’s risk of falling down at an economic rate affected by the epidemic, credit risk in the banking sector, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, etc. Other risks: the risk of force majeure, such as the new coronary virus, which suspends institutions.
Appendix: Summary of financial projections