Despite short-term profit pressures, overall competitiveness has risen.
Wei Hongmei's 2021-h1 performance met expectations. On a quarterly basis, 2021-q1 and q2 achieved a significant increase in the company's 2021-h1 performance, mainly due to: 1 new experience in the first half of the year.
The impact of the epidemic, limited marketing and installation activities in the end-markets of the air-conditioning industry, and reduced demand for end-uses have affected the normal operation of the company’s core business, adding new energy efficiency standards to increase competition in the industry, resulting in a lower base of 1 in 2020.
Roe(ttm) Deep integration of channels on-line and below-line, relying on branding and technological advantages, insisting on self-innovation and continuously taking the December maximum price ($)
In 2021, h1, Māori points in company power manufacturing and air conditioning. In domestic appliances, the cost of raw materials for air conditioning is higher, as a result of the large upstream of h1 in 2021.
The price of raw materials has risen significantly, leading to a relatively large decline in the Māori rate of air conditioning operations. With the country’s active regulation and overall monitoring of prices of bulk raw materials, prices of raw materials such as copper, plastic, etc. have been falling and prices of raw materials such as aluminium, steel, etc. have stabilized in the recent past.
The rise in the price of raw materials will gradually be brought under control, prices are expected to fall, the profits of home power enterprises are expected to improve, and corporate profitability is expected to rise. The air-conditioning industry has recovered in a moderate manner, and companies have maintained a leading role in air-conditioning. (1) From the air-conditioning industry as a whole
According to industry online data, in 2021, the household air-conditioning industry showed a moderate recovery, with a total sales volume of 86.3736 million, an increase of 13.56 per cent over the same period. On the domestic sales side, the air-conditioning industry was affected by a combination of factors such as the country’s higher weather, slower temperatures, higher raw materials prices and lower than expected completion of real estate.
The overall demand for the end-of-life was weak, with 44.6154 million domestic air conditioners, an increase of 11.98 per cent over the same period in 2019, but a decrease over the same period. For external sales, with the global leading supply chain system and strong manufacturing capacity, the volume of external air conditioners reached 41.7582 million, an increase of 15.30 per cent compared to 2019.
The company ' s share of domestic air-conditioning sales reached 33.89 per cent, ranking first in the domestic electricity industry: according to HAC, the company ' s share of the central air-conditioning market was 16.2 per cent, ranking first, continuing the industry.
The revenue ratio was 13.83 per cent, an increase of 2.09 percentage points over 2020; the main reason was that companies continued to develop market-friendly, competitive products and low-carbon air conditioning in overseas markets, and increased the market for products.
B2c platforms such as Hopee and the docking of b2b platforms such as the Alibaba International Station and the China Manufacturing Network; in the same time, actively participated in competitions for offshore commercial engineering, winning several large offshore commercial air conditioning projects at the Feiradam Drugada Mall in São Paulo, Brazil, the Zambia International Conference Centre and the North Taishan Hospital in Hong Kong.
The company has become increasingly rich and more competitive in terms of products. At present, the company has moved from a monolithic category to one that currently covers a variety of products in both consumer and industrial areas, with air-conditioning expanding from domestic to commercial air-conditioning and special condition air-conditioning, with a focus on refrigeration, military-industrial countries.
Home air-conditioning plates, the company's three main areas of comfort, health, and intellectual ability, have developed five new systems, such as long-term air-conditioning cosmopolitans and the time sequence of the Green Eterns; the heating equipment plate, the company owns a central air-conditioning product of 13 major categories, and this year, it has developed five new products.
Six months after the launch of 20 new products, a variety of model works have been built in various fields; the household appliances section, which, as of 2021h1, had 46 household appliances of which there were 38 products of high quality quality for consumers; in the area of ice-washing, the company continuously optimizes the structure of its products;
Active promotion of the Glic ice-washing brand, reform of the ice-washing system and enhancement of the core competitiveness of the product; Industry Product plates, with companies developing manufacturing capacity with strong domestic power core parts, launched in 2021h1 and launched a new generation of multi-line series of trans-frequency compressors, high-frequency vortex compressors, machines
The company is the leader of the domestic air-conditioning industry, the expansion of internal and external channels, the gradual enrichment of product groups and the increased integrated competitiveness of the company.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have either a qualification in securities investment consulting or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.