On 27 October, a sedan announced a three-quarter profit of RMB 21 million, 81 per cent lower than the previous year, and our projections were 91 per cent lower. The main reason for the three-quarter underperformance was: 1) lower than expected revenue, which was
$6.4 billion, a 1 per cent decline in the same year, 15 per cent lower than our projections, delayed by the erosion of the brand price of Bent and Majuda (licensed production); 2) the Maori rate (after depreciation amortization) fell to 16.0 per cent, while the second quarter gave birth to a car (000800, sz)
The rise is offset by the increase in the purchase of an average of oa car industry by the end of 2017, the expiry of tax concessions, and the competition in 2018 in the car market will remain strong, thus discouraging a car.
For a full description of the investment summary indicators, see the disclosure section of the present report.
The three-quarter profit of a sedan is 91% lower than we expected and continues to seek to develop these relationships. Therefore, investors should take into account possible conflicts of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report.
Information can be found in the information disclosure appendix or contact your investment representative.
The author thanks Liu Waich for his contribution to this report.
We, Yang Ying Ying and Tin Jingxing, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities mentioned above. Moreover, any portion of our salaries is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of some companies being acquired.
We rate companies by M & As from 1 to 3, of which one represents a higher probability of the company becoming a M & As (30-50 per cent), two has a medium probability (15-30 per cent) and three have a lower probability (0 per cent - Quantum quantum Quantum), a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single company or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well in the long term vis-à-vis their global counterparts with excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of the risks of esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Yang Xiaopen: a car, a Chinese car. Tin Xin Xin: a car, a Chinese car. a car: Jiang Huai, Biadi (a), Changan (a), a car, a car, Fukuyo glass (a), Walle car (a), Guangya group (a), Chinese automobile, all-electronics, upper gas group, wood power (a), Weifu Ko
China ' s automobiles: Wa morning car, Biadeh (h), Harmonious Car, East Wind Group, Fukuyo Glass (h), Jili Car, Guangxun Suzin, Great Wall Car (h), Hiro Gas Group (h), Min-Shin Group, Nishte, China Heavy Steam, Chai Chai Mot (h), Jingxing Motor Group, Middle and Higher Group. Company-related statutory disclosures
No specific information has been disclosed about a car (rmb12.69), its rating, research industry, and rating and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive or sell a rating and has an active rating (i.e., shares that are not suspended, temporarily rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating.
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a list of strong regional purchases or sales, which is suspended at the level of overall potential returns (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High-City Securities.