National gold foliage urities Chinese travels (60188.sh)
"From One to More" strategic layout.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Industry environment - warmer consumption of luxury goods + back stream, tax exemption policy continues to benefit: 76 per cent of luxury consumption costs occurred abroad in 2016, under constant depreciation of exchange rates, a decline in the pace of emigration and tight foreign exchange policies.
The tax-free industry, as the main source of luxury consumption, has an absolute price advantage over cross-border power suppliers, sub-purchases, etc. Internal performance – tax-exempt business accounts for 90% of company profits, and Sanya scenes have risen since the second half of 2016.
To improve business: 2016h began to benefit from the natural advantages of tourism market restructuring, reasonable price fallbacks, weather and environment, and the three-year tourism and tax-free markets were gradually warming. More than 2019-2019 high-end hotels and entertainment projects were opened in the Bay, bringing about a significant increase in the number of tourists in duty-free shops.
This increase is expected - the competitive bidding capital and the Hong Kong airport, the strategic layout of the entry duty-free shop, which has increased significantly since 2018: the capital airport has increased its performance by about 100 million and 300 million, respectively, while the Hong Kong airport has only one of its targets, namely 200 million, and the performance has increased by 100-50 million, which will increase in 2018.
Expired acquisitions - 51% of the shares in the tax-exempt company (Beijing) and top executives in the company. Strong and strong combined to change China's tax-exempt industry, using Japanese channels and bargaining power, will achieve a tax-exempt-scale effect of absolute domestic hegemony.
(+8.5 per cent) and performance (+10 per cent). Senior management changes - a new board of directors of the company was established, with a management update presage that the strategic group approach: two of the new board members have a management background.
Leecharncheng, with extensive experience in tax-free operations, serves as the chief operator to advance the global strategy and directly contributes to competition for tax-free operations at Hong Kong Airport. Strategic development - tax-free flagship and external expansion, “one-to-many” scale-up, opening up estimates.
Value space: Strategic layout through the acquisition of airport duty-free shops, progressive upgrading of access to bargaining power and Māori rates to achieve higher performances after income scale. Management changes, such as previous stock transfer and the establishment of the China Tourism Group, and the downside of the Sanya region
The value level of the company has been low since 2016. Under a variety of factors, such as the favourable macro-environment, the recovery of endogenous performance, the expected expansion, the increase in holdings and the efficiency of management changes, many of them have been driven by factors such as a favourable macro-environment, the recovery of internal performance, the expected expansion, and the increasing efficiency of the management system.
In 2017, the company will have a new round of investment opportunities, and the policy landscape will not be conducive to corporate development;
Figure 1: Investment logic of the industry and the company
1.2 Business financial analysis and forecasting Industry environment — warmer consumption of luxury goods + back flow, tax-free policy continues to benefit: 76 per cent of luxury goods consumed abroad in 2016, continued depreciation of exchange rates, a decline in the pace of exits and tight foreign exchange policies
The tax-free industry, as the main source of luxury consumption, has an absolute price advantage over cross-border power suppliers, sub-purchases, etc. Internal performance – tax-exempt business accounts for 90% of company profits, and Sanya has recovered since the second half of 2016.
This has led to business improvements: 2016h began to benefit from natural advantages such as tourism market restructuring, reasonable price fallbacks, weather and the environment, and the three-year tourism and tax-free markets are gradually warming. More than 2019-2019 high-end resorts and entertainment projects in Sea Shore have been opened intensively, bringing about a significant increase in the number of tourists in duty-free shops.
• Growth expectations - competitive bidding for the capital and Hong Kong airport, strategic layout of entry duty-free shops, with significant growth since 2018: the capital airport has increased by about 100 million and 300 million, respectively, with Hong Kong airport having only one segment, i.e. 200 million, with an increase in performance between 100 million and 500 million, and will increase performance in 2018.
Outlier acquisitions - 51% of the shares in the Free Shares Day (Beijing) and the Chief Executive (Beijing) as Chairman of Japan. Strong and strong combined to change China's tax-exempt industry, using Japanese channels and bargaining power, will achieve a tax-exempt-scale effect of absolute domestic hegemony.
• Senior Management Change - The new board of directors of the company was established with a management update that presaged the group's strategic approach: two of the new board members have a middle-level executive background. Meanwhile, business operations hire Leecharncheng, with extensive tax-exempt operating experience, to serve as Chief Operations Officer and move forward fully
A strategy for globalization that directly contributes to competitive bidding for tax-free operations at Hong Kong airports.
Interest rates, after realizing the income scale to achieve higher performance.
With a combination of factors, such as a strong expectation of expansion, rising holdings, and increased efficiency in management changes, companies will have a new round of investment opportunities in 2017. The policy landscape is not conducive to corporate development.
At the airport, the winning results fell short of expectations.
2.1 Seaside Bay tax-free operations: Sanya weather recovery, renewed cooperation among travel agencies, comprehensiveness of the three factors of the low base  Sanya regional advantage of sheltering from the haze, with a marked recovery of tourists in the second half of 2016. In the first half of 2016, Hainan Province stepped up its efforts to regulate the tourism market, affecting the short-term growth in passenger flow, but long-term benefits to the sea.
In the second half of 2016, there was a recovery in the market as a whole, with a marked rise in tourists. In the medium and long term, the third expansion of the San Phoenix airport was completed in 2017, effectively increasing airport reception capacity, with an estimated doubling of the volume of throughput.
The wave of openings at the Sea Bay Hotels in 2017-2018 has increased the attractiveness of destinations. The boom will be concentrated in 2017-2018, with luxury hotels like Atlantis, Mangroves, Jiri, Anders, Four Seasons, Waldorf, Windau East, and so on.
Figure 8: High-end hotel groups in Seagull Bay and the Atlantis Waterland Project
In view of the 3-4 months of preparation required for the cruise line arrangement, the travel agency inflow will achieve full duty-free sales of 13.9 per cent in the south (including Sanya and Seagate) and 6.09 billion in 2017. The rate of population growth will be 12.1 per cent, or 1.85 million.
The size of the store exceeded 250,000 times, 26% more than the same year, and tax-free sales amounted to over $290 million, or 6% more than the same year. The 2016h base is low in terms of monthly entry and sales.
2.2 Airport bidding: the capital and Hong Kong airport are expected to increase their tax-free bidding, waiting for the April window period.
Shareholdings, significantly increasing the winning margin: the capital airport recorded 94.39 million passenger traffic in 2016, of which 32 million were travelling in and out of the country. Tax-free cakes are expected to split, with an estimated increase of 100 million and 300 million in performance after winning t2 and t3:
In 2015, tax-free sales amounted to RMB 9.9 billion, covering Beijing Capital Airport, Shanghai Pudong Airport, and Rainbow Bridge Airport. If you are conservative, sales in 2016 will be about RMB 11 billion at an average rate of 10% of the industry.
It's slightly larger than Beijing, where the amount of $4.5 billion is estimated. The rent for the airport's tax-free shop is made up of two parts, one fixed rent and the other floating sales share, so the overall net interest rate should be below the level of the tax-free shop in the Bay of Sea.
The cost of the renovation of the new premises is assumed to be net interest rate of 9 per cent, or 400 million, from the capital airport duty-free shop, and the estimated international flight traffic of 400 million international flights of about 1:3, t2 and t3 based on the capital international airport statistics is estimated as a result of the current bidding programme, which is a partial bidding exercise.
According to the report, China's travels 2011-2015 newspaper, Moody reported that:  51% of the shares, or $2.2 billion, are free of net profits of approximately $200 million: 1) the capital won 100 million + 300 million * 51% = 250 million. 2.t2 winning, t3 winning, 100 million winning.
There is a significant increase in malignant competition to the airport revenue deductions. The market has been eliminated from the expected downside of the capital airport due to excessive cuts at the Guangzhou airport. 4) Large amounts of airport duty-free operations and increased bargaining power with suppliers will significantly increase the company ' s Māori ratio.
Joint competition with the international tax-exempt giant Lagarde to enhance negotiating competitiveness behind the Hong Kong Central Brigade: the tax-exempt agreement at the airport covering three core commodity categories will expire from 2017, of which the tobacco and alcohol business will expire in November 2017 (out of eight stores totalling 3,400 square metres) and brander
The product business expired in December 2017 (bids closed), and the fragrance business expired in early 2018 (with a total of 3,300 square metres in six stores). There are now competitions from mainstream tax-exempt groups such as China, Dfs, Japan, Lecten, New Ro, and Thailand.
This bid was launched by the Chinese National Brigade in conjunction with the international tax-exempt giant Lagarde, which increased the bid by about 200 million dollars for a certain segment of the Hong Kong airport: according to the Hong Kong airport ' s 2015 fiscal year data, zero sales authorizations and advertising revenue accounted for approximately 41.4 per cent of the airport ' s total revenue, or approximately 7,523 million hkd or 6.7 billion.
According to press reports (interface), a retail store at the airport usually receives 40-60% of the monthly rent, while a higher percentage of tax-exempt business is calculated by calculating the tax-free Hong Kong airport + its retail revenue of 10 billion. Hong Kong airport has 70.5 million customers in 2016, and because of the fact that it has a tax-free business.
The Hong Kong airport does not have a “domestic” route, so the tax-free shop has twice as many radiation users as Shanghai Pudong Airport, and the tax-free goods are more varied and are not subject to monetary restrictions, and we assume that the total tax-free business at Hong Kong Airport is higher than Shanghai Pudong Airport (about $5.7 billion in 2016) and lower than retail + duty-free shop surface income.
Total (estimated at $10 billion in 2015), and therefore total estimated tax-free operations at $7.5 billion. Since the current branding business is being tendered by the airport itself, it is calculated that the tax-free business of the tobacco and alcohol business plus the perfume business is collected square metres, the estimated revenue per section is 2.5 billion dollars.
Less than the net interest rate of the city’s tax-free shop, with a net interest rate of 8%, the net gain would be about $200 million if the cigarette/fragmized band were to be marked in any one paragraph.
In a column, the non-exclusive situation would increase the chances of winning the bid; (2) According to Moody, this time, the exemption is made up of two groups of products: tobacco and perfume (free from absolute control) and ltr (the world’s fourth largest tax-free operator, lagardèreservices parent).
It is the leading global airport retailer, operating at more than 150 airports on four continents, with a wealth of experience in large international hub airport operations, with tourism retailing amounting to 3,695 million Euros in 2016, which can be well complemented by China.
The Hong Kong airport has a higher rent and a higher share of sales, free of the comparative advantage of domestic channels and resources on tobacco and alcohol.
▪ Launch of tenders due in 19 at Shanghai Pudong Airport, with international passengers more profitable than tax-free sales, and rebidding is expected to start in 2019, along with a new three-phase extension of the Engineering Range Satellite Office at Pudong Airport, which will be called for duty-free operations.
In the first half of 2016, international routes accounted for 50% of the consumption. Passengers consume 33.0 yuan per person, compared to the capital airport, where only half of the international and regional lines are located, and only 25.8 yuan per person per person.
The number of sales is proportional to the flow of international airline passengers at the airport, and airports with a wealth of international passenger resources will be able to achieve more sales and positive benefits for tax-exempt groups. Taken together, companies will benefit from competitive bidding for Hong Kong and Capital Airports in the following ways:
1) Overall performance improvement in 2018: the capital airport t2 and t3 can raise about 100 million and 300 million, respectively. Hong Kong airport can only mark one of the parts, or about 200 million, which assumes that the company will be able to mark at least two of the two airports, with up to two of the two, with performance enhancement spaces floating in 100-50 million zones, taking into account the discussions.
Upgrade Māori ratio: access to better bargaining power at the end of the channel and resources, and lower cost of transportation through the channel is now 45 per cent free of Māori and there is still much room for improvement from about 60 per cent of Māori in the international tax-exempt group. 3) Increase the impact and effectiveness of companies ' future competition for airport exit and entry duty-free shops
Li: The tax-free shop at Shanghai Pudong Airport will also expire in 2019, and the anticipated increase in the international tender will be strong. 4) The “one-to-one” scale increases and opens up valuation space: the tax-free shop at Sanya Bay alone will be free of the group's revenues, while the offshore duty-free shop and the airport's duty-free entry stores will be free at this stage.
The size of the scale is too small for Hong Kong, the capital and the future Shanghai Pudong Airport to achieve a successful bid that would significantly increase the company’s value-added space from one to more. 2.3 Entry duty-free shops: focus on strategic layout, gradually increasing the Māori ratio.
19 new border entry duty-free shops were added, and in April there were 7 competitions published: in February 2016, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Commerce, the General Customs Service, the National Tax Administration, the National Tourism Administration issued a joint announcement on 19 February on the issuance of the Interim Measures for the Management of Border Entry Tax-free Shops, the creation and rehabilitation of border entry duty-free shops.
A reasonable expansion of the tax-exempt variety and an increase in the amount of the tax-free purchases is also specified: on the basis of the maintenance of the tax-exempt limit of 5,000 yuan for goods imported by resident passengers, it is allowed to increase the amount of tax-free purchases at the ports of entry, together with the total amount of foreign tax-exempt purchases.
8000 yuan. At present, out of the 19 ports that have been tendered, the six airports of Chengdu, Dalian, Nanjing, Qingji, Tianjin, and Urumqi will be declared in February 2017 - the winning airport of Chongqing, the winning airport of Kunming and the closing of Guangzhou.
At the end of April, the results of the competitive bidding were published. Kunming Longwater Airport: the fourth national portal hub airport after Beijing, Guangzhou and Shanghai...is also the only national portal hub airport in the western part of China.
The number of passengers passing through the site has reached 40 million a year, and 41.8 million a year in 2016, of which some 3.25 million are arriving and leaving. The number of duty-free places at Kunming Airport is not the highest, and the area close to the international baggage transfer pallet is 489 square metres.
Guangzhou White Cloud Airport: In 2016, the number of passengers at Guangzhou White Cloud Airport reached 59.7 million, surpassing Singapore Airport and ranked 16th in the world. International passenger traffic stood at 1,358 million, or about 6.8 million, an increase of 19.3 per cent over 2015.
The expansion will be completed by February 2018 and, upon completion, White Cloud Airport will meet the annual demand of 80 million passengers, 2.5 million tons of mail, and 620,000 aircraft landings. The bid base of the Group will be sold 8.7 times higher than the bottom of the bid, with 42%.
In the absence of any special circumstances, the Group will win nine years of tax-free international entry stores at Baiyun Airport in Guangzhou.
In general, the duration of stay is about two hours, with sufficient consumption time. Thus, the sales and retail area of the general exit duty-free shop is much higher than that of the entry store.
The exit duty-free shop has been exempt from operation and is the only airport with an exit + entry duty-free shop in 19 new ports. 4) International passenger traffic in 2016 (1.358 million) is about half of Shanghai Hai Pudong (nearly 35 million) or Beijing Capital Airport (nearly 25 million) but from sales.
From this point of view, the capital airport's exit and exit duty-free stores are worth $4 billion-$5 billion, the Pudong airport $5 billion-$6 billion, and the White Cloud airport has only an exit shop with a turnover of less than $300 million. (5) Even if Guangzhou is removed from Hong Kong's radiation ring, the need for duty-free shopping has been diluted by Hong Kong and Macao, the current situation is that at Guangzhou's White Cloud airport
In February 2017, the company opened eight duty-free shops for a total of 16 years, contributing an average of about 12 million people.
Assuming a net interest rate of 10 per cent, an average of approximately 1.2 million net profits is contributed to an inbound duty-free shop. Currently, 2.4 business cadres are promoted as core management, corporate management efficiency is enhanced, China Tourism Group personnel adjustments are completed, and travel and central and high-ranking officials are appointed in cross-cutting positions to ensure group operations
(b) At the operational level, managers are appointed through market-based mechanisms: professional managers with extensive experience in tax-exempt operations, Leecharncheng, will advance the group's globalization strategy and will contribute directly to Hong Kong's economy.
A competitive bidding for tax-free operations (fragmization and tobacco and alcohol). 2.5 Holdings are tax-free on a day-to-day basis (Beijing), claiming full dominance over the domestic market.
In the past, there were five strong players in the China Free Group and the Japan Free Trade Association, and today 51% of the exemption will be a direct tax-free giant, with an absolute tax-free size that will benefit directly from the bidding of the capital airport. The capital airport, which operates in Japan, will expire this year.
In the context of the global expansion strategy, the China Free Group will have to compete for tax-free business in the capital airport, whose biggest competitor will be tax-free in the day. The battle for the capital airport will end with a combination of the two, with a presumably high rate of success, and a bid for one of the points, the industry, and the other.
In the long run, after the expiry of Shanghai Podong Airport and Rainbow Bridge Airport in 2019, the success of the Middle East Group has increased considerably.  In the long run, the combination of the two tax-exempt giants will have the effect of 1+1>2.
The battalion is an international air traffic hub in Beijing and Shanghai, and the Japanese tax-exempt industry has a strong channel and bargaining power, combined with the size of the China-China group, to generate a cost, channel and multi-faceted analysis of the consumption of luxury goods: domestic warming + reflow, with an increase in the domestic share of consumer demand.
3.1 China ' s consumption of luxury goods recovered significantly in 2016, with 76 per cent of consumption abroad of luxury goods; the impact of rising levels of the economy combined with rising consumption; the scale of consumption of luxury goods increased (+26 per cent); the share of offshore consumption increased (76 per cent): according to Bann data, China ' s luxury goods market 2010-2015
From $212 billion in sales to $51 billion, consumption recovered significantly in 2016 (+26 per cent), exceeding the compound growth rate of the last five years (+19 per cent). In the interior, Luxury sales increased from 61 per cent in 2010 to 76 per cent.
▪ Economic growth leads to the development of the luxury goods industry and the upgrading of consumer products, and increased demand for high net worth people and investment assets contributes to the growth of the consumption of luxury goods: China ' s consumers ' global consumption of luxury goods amounted to $116.8 billion in 2015, 76 per cent of which was consumed abroad. Luxury goods are subject to high tariffs and import duties
Much of the consumption of luxury goods takes place abroad, and if this part of consumption returns to the domestic duty-free market, it will have a greater impact on the duty-free market. Meanwhile, China’s per capita consumption is relatively low, and there are opportunities to increase in the future.
3.2 China’s consumption abroad of luxury goods is returning, domestic consumption is expected to recover, domestic consumption in China’s luxury goods market rebounded in 2016, and overseas consumption is showing signs of returning: for the first time since the year, it is increasing. China’s consumption of luxury goods is showing signs of returning.
The mission's performance shows that the luxury markets in China and China are gradually warming, and that the impact of anti-corruption efforts has reached the point where the upgrading of consumption is key to the upgrading of the luxury markets and is the cause of the warming of domestic markets: domestic markets have been experiencing an upswing in consumption, from traditional subsistence, material consumption to development.
High-level demand, such as for both types of services. Luxury consumption returns are inevitable trends, and the global price integration of luxury goods and the global integration of luxury Internet operations will result in an increasing number of luxury trades in services within the country.
▪ The government is bringing back the foreign purchasing power through policy adjustments: in order to revive domestic consumption, the state is committed to attracting consumption of luxury goods back into the underworld through policies such as lowering import tariffs and liberalizing tax-free policies. Under downward pressure, the government’s policy to induce consumption back home is consistent with the economic environment.
▪ Reduction in the cost of some imports and lower prices for the sale of domestic imports through a reduction in import tariff policies; promotion of the regulation of cross-border power suppliers to replace sub-purchases with cross-border power suppliers.
The “Investment Cross-Border Electrician Tax Administration” has adopted policies to regularize imports by importers, while increasing foreign consumption into domestic consumption through the use of surrogate markets that can be used by consumers to avoid taxes, by increasing the tax burden, by raising the prices of overseas commodities.
The size of China's luxury-purchase market in the interior of the country, the tightening of foreign exchange policies, the decline in the renminbi exchange rate and the decline in the rate of increase in the exit from China, led to a return of high-end consumption. Exchange controls were tightened, and the expansion of domestic consumption levels was the current policy direction: at the policy level China
Foreign exchange policies have been tightened, and consumption will return from abroad to domestic consumption. At the same time, in order to stabilize exchange rate levels in the foreign exchange market, in the general context of national policy, the expansion of duty-free markets has led to an increase in domestic consumption by domestic residents, as well as domestic consumption by incoming tourists.
The decline in the renminbi exchange rate has led to a reduction in consumer price differentials, both within and outside the country: foreign luxury goods are subject to reduced commodity price differentials, both within and outside the country, as a result of the devaluation pressure of the renminbi. The devaluation of the renminbi has led to higher costs of consumption abroad, and the consumption of foreign luxury goods as price-sensitive commodities in the context of the devaluation of the renminbi.
Demand will move from abroad to home. Since 2016, the dollar has risen by 6.24% against the renminbi, the devaluation of the renminbi will lead to a reduction in consumption abroad, and the consumption of imported goods by high net domestic populations will be curbed, leading to tax-free market consumption in the country.
As the markets of the destination countries decline, consumer demand flows back home with tourism: Europe and the United States countries are inflamed by the horrors of the attacks, which call into question the security environment for tourism. The impact of fingerprinting is also more negative. Hong Kong and Macao are subject to geopolitical factors and the upgrading of their tourist base.
Japan’s travel environment is also affected by the nuclear spill. Tax-free industry analysis: tax exemption is the main source of domestic consumption of luxury goods and benefits from policy development.
In order to expand domestic consumption tax-free policies, it has been gradually liberalized: due to tax exemptions.
Trade in goods involves the regulation of duty-free goods, the collection of State taxes and the management of foreign exchange. The sale of duty-free goods has a unique idea and approach to business, and the sale of duty-free goods in China is managed centrally and centrally.
In line with the policy of the industry, tax-free policies will gradually liberalize consumption flows: first, China’s consumption outflows have become apparent, especially in the luxury goods category, where only about 23% of luxury goods are sold domestically. The outflow of capital has slowed down in China’s economy.
The tax-free policy is also reflected in the opening of offshore duty-free shops and the addition of import-free shops, which increase the value of beauty and health-care supplies, dishes and kitchen supplies, toys, which are tentatively set at RMB 8,000.
After adjustment, you will be exempted (including $8,000), i.e., the unit price The age condition will be adjusted to the year.
The number of duty-free goods for each of the 21 types of goods whose national regulations do not comply with civil aviation security requirements, import bans and 20 non-diversion items is increased.
Accumulated purchases may not exceed 17 items of infant formula, coffee, health food, household air purification units, home medicine devices, etc. that will be retailly packaged.
Consumer goods are covered by duty-free off-island goods.
Cancelling the purchase of goods for non-island passengers, with a cumulative limit of up to tax-free purchases per person per year
The train leaves the island at the age of 16 on a personal basis.
4.2 The future growth of China's tax-exempt industry is promising, both on the policy and on the demand side of China's tax-free market starts late, and will increase with the addition of assets and consumption by middle- and high-income groups.
In 2016, the total number of duty-free purchases from the island was 1.73 million, or 5% more. The per capita tax-free consumption was 3506 yuan, or 8.2% more in 2016.
The increase in consumption was mainly due to the liberalization of the tax-free consumption line, from $8,000 per person per year to $16,000 per person per year, which stimulated per capita consumption of water at the policy level.
According to monthly data, the off-shore duty-free market has been warming since July this year, increasing the number of customers and the scale of sales. The main reason for warming is that the tourism market in Hainan Province is warming up gradually, and the environment and weather are absolute advantages.
Half-yearly, Hainan Province stepped up its efforts to regulate the tourism market, short-term impact on the increased flow of tourists, but long-term benefits for tourism in China and South China, with the recovery of the entire Sanya market beginning in the second half of 2016.
4.3 The domestic tax-exempt market presents a preponderant monopoly, and the competition patterns under the tax-exempt license analysis of China ' s tax-exempt industry have three main business models: one is a port and intra-city duty-free shop, which is worldwide; the other is an off-island duty-free shop; and in March 2011, the Chinese Government issued an exemption for Hainan off-island.
The policy of agreeing to pilot the piloting of tax-free shops in Sanya City and Haiguchi Airport is currently being established in only four regions of China, Hainan Island, Okinawa Island, Jeju Island, and Taiwan off the island: three are tax-free foreign exchange malls, which are a special form of tax-free shopping and are very rare in China, the Philippines, etc.
The country exists. There are five enterprises operating duty-free shops at ports and within the city, including mainly China.