In the first half of 2016, Sanya tax-free shopping malls suspended their collaboration with travel agencies, resulting in a reduction in the number of group guests.
Wei Hongmei, in June 2016, cooperation was restored, and the conglomerates in the tax-free shop are expected to grow. In addition, in September 2016, the G98 ring high-speed stony Bay to the Sanya section was renovated and fully accessible.
The negative impact of pre-traffic transport on the number of tourists will gradually be eliminated. Taken together, with the revival of the travel agency’s marketing channels and the improvement of transport accessibility, the performance of Sanya Free Mall in 2017 will be expanded or will continue, with the growth of traditional tax-free operations.
The temporary scheme for the management of border entry duty-free shops in Lulitine, which has been established at 19 ports in the country, provides for the establishment of duty-free entry stores.
Most of these ports are now covered by tax-free company operations, and the company has opened duty-free entry stores at some ports in 2016, and the rest will continue to be tendered in 2017. The company, by virtue of its advantages in purchasing and logistics on its own scale, is still expected to win the bid.
In August 2016, the company opened a third municipal tax-free shop in Cambodia, the Phnom Penh tax-free shop (with an area of 4,500 square metres).
In September 2016, the company announced that 55.30% of the company’s original holdings had been transferred to China’s Travel Group (the former Central Tourism Group) for direct possession.
After the transfer, the company is at the same managerial level as other major China Travel Group operations, which facilitates internal business synergies and customer resource sharing, as well as the injection of high-quality assets of the same kind into the company by the future China Tourism Group.
Building a unique “tourism + tax exemption” industry, with a clear competitive advantage in the industry, the shares of the China Travel Company Ltd. (hereinafter “the company”) were officially listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 15 October 2009. The company’s three-monthly report of 2016 showed that the group held 55.3 per cent of its shares, while the company held 55.3 per cent of its shares.
In September 2016, the company announced that all shares of companies held by the company’s former shareholders’ National Travel Group would be transferred free of charge to China’s Tourist Group (the former Hong Kong Central Travel Group); the South China People’s Asset Management Scheme for futures in South China held 5% of the shares: the Chinese Diaspora Group held 4.08% of the shares.
An average annual increase of 21.77% in net female profits shows that the company has grown better over the past five years.
The share of sales of commodities with a high Māori ratio in operating income has increased year by year, from 32.07 per cent in 2011 to 40.48 per cent in 2015. At the same time, companies have a relatively good cost-control capacity, with long-term cost rates that have been maintained over the past five years at $1.452 billion, a 10.77 per cent increase over the previous five years, and performance has grown steadily and faster.
Sub-operations show that the company's main business is tourism services and sales of goods. The share of sales of goods in total revenue is 47.48 per cent of sales and 50.73 per cent of tourism services. In Māori, since the Māori rate of sales of goods is significantly higher than the Māori rate of tourism services in 2015
The contribution to the gross profits of the company was 72.51 per cent, while the gross profits of the tourism service sector was 22.88 per cent. The net gain was 0.4 per cent. Since the net interest rate of the commodity sales business was significantly higher than the net interest rate of the tourism services business, the commodity sales business was specific to each segment of the business, with the company ' s commodity sales being dominated by tax-free sales, which were sold in 2015.
The share of income is 93.48%, with the remainder being the sale of taxed goods. Among these, the contribution of tax-free shop operations in Sanya City to tax-exempt operations as a whole has increased year by year, from 24.69% in 2011 to 39.05% in 2014.
The share of income from the cruise services business was 56.37 per cent; followed by domestic tourism revenues, which represented 26.02 per cent of income from the tourism service; and the remainder, which included income from the inbound tourism business, ticket agency revenue and other services income.
In 2008-2015, the sale of tax-exempt goods increased at a double-digit rate, with a market share of around 30% in the country over the years, rising in the industry, and a significant increase of 58 (about 49.57% in the same year) in the same year in 2015.
In addition to the traditional duty-free operations, the Chinese company seized the opportunity to develop tax-free operations off the island.
In 2013, the tax-free shop in Sanya East China Sea accumulated nearly 6.55 million visits, with an average of more than 10,700 daily visits. In September 2014, the Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shopping centre (renamed the Third Asian Free Shopping City in 2015) was officially opened.
In 2008, the company conducted a foreign-ship supply operation in Taiwan: in 2011 it established a tax-free shop for Taiwan’s Golden Gate. In the same year, China’s tax-exempt (Macao) Limited was registered in Macao.
Tax shops. In December 2014, December 2015 and August 2016, the company opened municipal tax-free shops in Angkor, Sihanouk Port and Phnom Penh, Cambodia, respectively. Of these, the tax-free shops in Angkor and Phnom Penh are larger, with an area of 3,800 square metres and 4,500 square metres, respectively.
In the first half of 2016, the company actively promoted priority projects (including an agency agreement with the Shanghai Disney resort, cooperation with the Guangdong Longlong resort) and made significant efforts to diversify its business channels (including the expansion of the ota channels such as cattle and couriers).
In the area of tourism, companies have focused on tourism promotion and the development of differentiated products.
In the first half of 2016, with regard to building channels for travel agencies, companies sought to integrate e-commerce into online and off-line processes such as citizen tourism products, sales, marketing, and marketing, to promote business transformation, and to actively promote the construction and operation of the b2b platform.
Upgrades the platform ' s user experience and management benefits, establishing direct links and micro-payment interfaces with platforms such as Chao Nie and where Ali goes. Actively promoting mobile end-building not only improves the response speed of the front desk, but also significantly improves the efficiency of back-office work. The new version of the mobile phone website already has exit, in-country, free travel, cruises, cruises, visas, tickets, local trips, brigades.
2. The growing middle class is an important force in the consumption of tax-free goods.
According to data from the Tribunal ' s Financial Investigation and Research Centre, in 2015, the current adult population of the middle class in China is about 204 million people, or 20.1 per cent of the adult population, according to the criteria of US$ 50,000 to US$ 500,000; the total wealth held by the middle class is about US$ 28.3 trillion, well above US$ 16.8 trillion and US$ 9.7 trillion in Japan.
Both in terms of the size of the middle class and the overall wealth of the middle class, China is on the top of the world’s list. The Secretary-General of the National Development and Reform Commission Academic Council, Zhang Yinsheng, predicts that the number of Chinese middle class members will rise to 630 million in the next 20 years, becoming a huge consumer in pursuit of high-quality products and services.
The number of people travelling abroad, the consumption of duty-free goods abroad have slowed or facilitated duty-free sales from home to island. From 2010 to 2014, China grew at an average annual rate of 20.90 per cent of tourists travelling abroad for reasons of export. The rate of growth declined in 2015, but remained at a faster rate of 10.63 per cent.
The negative impact of factors such as values is expected to be a relatively low increase in the number of people travelling abroad in 2016, at a rate of about 4%. In terms of overseas duty-free consumption, Globalblue’s survey reports show that China’s tourists’ tax-free consumption increased by 58% in 2015, about 30% of global duty-free consumption.
The fee group, and about 80% of duty-free consumption, took place overseas. However, in the first quarter of 2016, China’s tourist-free consumption slowed down, with 11% and 5%, respectively, in January and January, and 24%, in March.
Tax-exempt consumption increased by 122 per cent at the same rate; Europe (France, Germany, the United Kingdom and Italy are the hot destinations for duty-free shopping for Chinese tourists abroad. For example, 22 per cent of the tax-exempt charges for Chinese tourists are in France) and the willingness of Chinese tourists to travel has declined as a result of frequent violent attacks.
The negative impact of the violent attacks on Europe’s cruise routes is likely to continue in the short term, and the devaluation of the renminbi has made it possible to replace the effects of the country’s internal migration. As a result, our residents’ tax-free consumption may be diverted to their home countries, particularly in the interest of duty-free operations off the island.
In addition to the above factors, policy support has contributed to the development of our tax-exempt industry. The government report of 2016 clearly states that some imports of consumer goods will be reduced and additional duty-free shops will be created. This demonstrates the positive attitude of the government to promote the return of consumption abroad by easing tax-exempt policies.
In the first half of 2016, the tax market in Sanya was growing by 2.94 per cent on a year-on-year basis, up from 30.71 per cent in the same period last year.
The decrease of 27.77 percentage points was due to: (i) the suspension of the company ' s engagement with the travel agency in the first half of the year, which led to a reduction in the number of inter-stores; and (ii) the major renovation of the high-speed stony Bay to Sanya sector of the island, which resulted in the resumption of cooperation with the travel agency in the Sanya Free Shopping City in June 2016, where the group was expected to recover.
At the same time, in September 2016, the g98 roundabout high-speed stony Bay to the Sanya section was refurbished and fully accessible, and the negative impact of traffic inconvenience on the number of tourists will gradually be eliminated. Taken together, the Sanya Free Mall is expected to grow faster in 2017 as traffic accessibility and travel agency marketing resumes.
In terms of improving the ancillary facilities, the company is committed to providing high-value-added services to its customers, as well as a full-scale consumption experience. The Bay Bay II and Hakoshima projects, which have been identified as a catering and entertainment culture complex, are progressing steadily and are now complete with the design of the initial concept programme.
With the construction of the project, a new phase of the Sanya International Free City will be linked to a comprehensive one-stop shop, catering and cultural entertainment service for tourists, which will help to extend the stay time of customers and increase the consumption of free goods in the tourist industry.
In 2016, 2017, the performance of the Sanya Free Shopping City was increased by 11% per year for both airports in 2013-2015, while the number of passengers at the two airports is expected to reach 3,591.84 million and 3,951.0 million, respectively. In terms of penetration, the number of shopping in the San Asia Free Shopping City in 2015 compared to the volume at the two airports was as follows:
3.12 per cent As a result of the suspension of cooperation with travel agencies in the Sanya Free Shopping City in the first half of the year, there has been a marked reduction in the number of inter-shopping visitors, which is expected to decrease to 2.85 per cent throughout 2016. Assuming a slight recovery in the penetration rate in 2017 to an annual average of $4309.45 and $4417.18, the number of people buying is therefore tripled by the average unit price.
The revenue from the operation of the tax-free shopping mall is projected to be $4.411 billion and $5.1007 billion in 2016 and 2017, an increase of 3.88 per cent and 15.77 per cent, respectively, respectively. A sensitivity analysis of the revenue from the operation of the tax-free shopping mall is carried out, assuming a similar 11 per cent increase in passenger traffic at Sanya and American airports in 2016.
If the penetration rate is more than or equal to 2.9 per cent per annum, or 2.8 per cent per capita per capita per capita growth rate is greater than or equal to 1.5 per cent per annum, the revenue from the operation of the tax-free market in Sanya will grow at a positive year-on-year rate, and the revenue from the operation will increase relative to the penetration rate and the price of the passenger unit 4. Extension or will continue, with the growth of the traditional tax-free business over time.
(i) The establishment of an entry duty-free shop policy, in which the company will be the largest beneficiary, has been proposed by the State Council on several occasions since August 2014 for the establishment of an entry duty-free shop. The State Council ' s Opinions on Promoting the Development of Tourism Reform, issued in January 2015, called for a study on the feasibility of establishing an entry duty-free shop.
In 2016, the Government issued the Interim Scheme for the Management of Border Entry Tax Free Shops (hereinafter referred to as the Provisional Scheme), which decided to establish 19 additional border entry duty-free shops with an increase in tax-free products and an increase in the maximum amount of duty-free shopping. The policy will be implemented in Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Hong Kong, Shanshan, Chengdu, Qing, and Qing.
The airport ports of Shimazutin, Nanjing Lok, Shenzhen Bao An, Kunming Long Shui, Chongqing Jiangbei, Tianjin Sea, Dalian Zhou Shui, Shenyang, Xianyang Xianyang and Urumqi, the Shenzhen Fukuda, Wang Tong, Shaihu Cape, Wen Yui Crossing, the Pearl Sea Gate, the Black River Port, etc.
In addition, the Temporary Measures provide for entry point operations, in which passengers may book and deposit goods through exit duty-free shops.
This is considered to be the sale of duty-free stores at ports. Allowing the addition of tax-free shops, expanding tax-free varieties, increasing shopping limits and liberalizing the operations at points of entry directly benefits the sale of duty-free goods at ports by Chinese companies under the flag of the Chinese State.
As the only tax-free operator in the country that can operate duty-free operations at major airports, ports and border crossings throughout the country without territorial restrictions, China will be the largest beneficiary of this policy.
In 2016, companies opened duty-free ports at some of the 19 ports, and the remaining ones will be tendered in 2017. Companies, by virtue of their advantages in purchasing and logistics of their own size, are still expected to win the bid and are expected to be tax-free.
In addition to policy escorts, with advantages in procurement and logistics distribution, middle- and middle-income companies are expected to take better advantage of the opportunity to create additional duty-free shops, with a scale effect that stimulates further growth in performance. Currently, the middle- and-class groups have established long-term partnerships with more than 300 world-class top luxury brands, and the procurement of duty-free goods has a significant scale effect.
At the same time, companies focus on maintaining the pace of conversion of duty-free goods and ensuring that they keep pace with the world’s availability of the most recent suppliers’ commodities. In logistics delivery, they have been exempt from competition since 1997 in Shanghai, Qingdao, Dalian, and Shanghai.
Four distribution centres have been set up in Shenzhen. The first phase of the Sanya Bay logistics base project in 2014 was largely completed, improving logistics efficiency and meeting the cargo storage needs of Sanya duty-free consumption.
In addition, due to the geographical distance from the five distribution centres, given the cost of transportation, some of the goods are not transferred through distribution centres, but are delivered directly by suppliers to these duty-free shops. On balance, China Rabbit will take advantage of its domestic procurement and logistics advantages to manage the policy liberalization.
In March 2016, the capital airport website published an announcement that the Beijing International Trade Corporation would become the capital airport international zone.
In accordance with the relevant regulations, five of China’s top duty-free operators are eligible for competitive bidding, while the likelihood of successful bids is high for companies that are exempt from the system of scientificly efficient procurement, logistics distribution, and sales. As of now, however, the bid process has not been carried out, and progress has been slower than expected.
According to the data, the number of visitors abroad organized by our travel agencies has been growing rapidly in recent years.
The number of tourists leaving the country organized by our travel agencies rose at an average annual rate of 22.78%, faster than the average annual rate (17.38%) during the same period, thus increasing the proportion of people travelling in groups each year, from 28.99% in 2010 to 36.32% in 2015.
In Hong Kong, the Hong Kong dollar invested in the establishment of China Overseas Tourism Investment Management Ltd. The company will, when established, invest in and manage the upstream resources of the tourism industry chain, such as overseas tourism retail stores, for citizens' tourist destinations in China, and expand the overseas travel retail market.
Tourism, Bamboo International Travel Agency Ltd., Caesar Ansang (Beijing) Investment Ltd., Beijing Phoenix Holiday International Travel Agency Ltd. Figure 21: Shareholders, China Overseas Tourism Investment Management Ltd.
Thanks to the advantages of these three travel agencies in terms of travel abroad, the Chinese National Brigade is expected to share their wealth of tourism customer resources, cooperate in depth and intensify its efforts to develop “tourism plus shopping” high-value tourism routes, form corporate offshore duty-free shops, act as a channel for companies to share big cakes from China's duty-free consumer markets, and speed up duty-free sales abroad.
The company has set up branches in Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan, and has been involved in foreign-ship supply and has set up cruise duty-free stores.
The first duty-free shop in an overseas city opened by Angkor is officially opened. Angkor’s tax-free shop is located in an area of 3,800 square metres, the first in-country duty-free store in Cambodia that can operate multi-goods, buy unlimited amounts for customers, and deliver on-site. The company has worked hard to build a competitive edge in the price of the shop’s commodities, and has worked to make it “Asia’s best price-free shopping mall”
According to the China Free Group Cambodia company, the price of Angkor's tax-free shop is 15-35% lower than retail prices in the tax-free market, and is not higher than tax-free prices in Hong Kong and neighbouring countries. During the spring of 2015, sales were more than four times higher than daily sales: nearly 10,000 passengers were received at the beginning of the first seven months, with a peak of nearly 3,000 passengers a day.
In December 2015, the company invested in a second municipal tax-free shop in the port of Sihanouk, Cambodia; in August 2016, the company opened a third municipal tax-free shop in Cambodia, the Phnom Penh tax-free shop (with 4,500 square metres of business) and continued to operate.
At present, the main consumer of duty-free shops in Cambodia is Chinese tourists. From 2010 to 2015, China’s tourist arrivals to Cambodia grew at an average annual compound rate of 32.72%, showing rapid growth. China’s tourist arrivals to Cambodia reached 700,000 trips in 2015, a 25% increase compared to the previous year, and are expected to reach 2 million in 2020, so Cambodia is tax-free.
As the first stop away from overseas expansion, Cambodia has performed well, building valuable business management experience for companies to further expand their market for duty-free shops in South-East Asia and even around the world.
On the basis of this, Sino-Chinese companies are planning to open in-country duty-free shops in other South-East Asian countries where Chinese tourists are eager to do so in the future, further implementing the “out-of-country” strategic layout, promoting the return of consumption abroad, creating a “tourism + duty-free” business development that provides positive expectations for the future growth of the company's performance.
6. Group asset consolidation, with a promising return on the company, announced on 23 February 2016 that the controlling shareholder, China National Travel Closed Company Ltd., and Hong Kong, China, were in the middle of the year.
The group has both overlapping and complementary parts of its business. Tourism services are now available to both sides, and the Chinese brigade has a profitable and tax-free sale of goods, while Hong Kong and Hong Kong have such business areas, hotels, resorts, golf clubs, and performances.
On July 11, 2016, the company announced that, with the approval of the State Council, the company's controlling shareholder, China National Travel Group Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “China National Tourism Group”) had been integrated into Hong Kong, China Tourism Group Company (hereinafter referred to as the Hong Kong China Tourism Group) to become its fully-owned subsidiary.
In September 2016, the company announced that 539,846,100 shares (55.30% of the company's total stock) held by the company's formerly held shareholders in the China Tourist Group had been transferred directly to the China Tourist Group.
China Tourism Group undertakes to reduce to the greatest extent possible the re-integration of its operations with a view to their eventual elimination. To resolve and avoid competition between China’s tourism groups and companies after the reorganization of the group and the transfer of shares in listed companies has been completed, China’s tourism industry will continue to compete with the company.
The Group undertakes: (1) to reduce business overlap between China ' s tourism groups and their subsidiaries and companies in a manner that includes but is not limited to commission management, asset restructuring and business integration: (2) China Tourism Group and its affiliates will not add to their operations or activities that constitute or may constitute a direct or indirect competitive relationship with the company ' s main business; (3) China Tourism Group
If they find any new business opportunities that constitute or may constitute a direct or indirect competitive relationship with the company’s main business, they will first provide the new business opportunities to the company on reasonable and fair terms.
At the same time, when the transfer is made free of charge, the company is at the same managerial level as the other major enterprises of the China Travel Group, which facilitates internal business synergies and customer access, as well as the future injection of high-quality assets of the same kind into the company.
Figure 24: Changes in the relationship between the company and its controlling shareholders since July 2016 7. The company has been cut off from the market in China, where the new tax on cross-border electricity suppliers has had limited short-term impact on the company, and in recent years, the overseas sub-purchase industry, which has facilitated overseas shopping for domestic residents, has developed rapidly.
The average annual compound growth rate in the scale of foreign-purchase transactions was 98.71%. In 2014, our overseas-purchase transactions amounted to $154.9 billion, compared to 18 million in the sea-grave population, and were reflected in the fires in the overseas-purchase industry.
In addition, China has been actively encouraging the development of cross-border power suppliers in recent years, while combating overseas sub-purchases. Unlike overseas sub-purchases that steal taxes and taxes, cross-border power providers pay taxes in accordance with the law and are supported by national policies.
Cross-border electric power providers provide tax policy preferences, i.e. exemption from customs duties, value-added taxes and consumer taxes on cross-border electricity suppliers in general import trade, and payment of only postage taxes. With State policy encouragement and support, China achieved rapid growth in the size of cross-border electricity dealers in 2011-2014, with an average compound annual growth rate of 35.19 per cent.
It is noteworthy that, on 24 March 2016, the Circular on Policies for Retailed Import Taxation of Cross-border E-Commerce was issued, which established a single transaction limit value of RMB 2,000 for retail imports of cross-border e-commerce and RMB 2000 for annual transactions of individuals.
Value added tax (VAT), consumer tax (CAT) and tax exemption (CAT) are temporarily levied at 70% of the statutory taxable amount.
E-commerce retail enterprises are exempt from customs duties, value added tax and consumer tax on imported goods, which are taxed on postage, which is generally lower than the combined rate of general import trade, and from the 50-dollar tax on the original postage tax (i.e. within $1,000 in the mainland region and $800 in the Hong Kong and Atota region), which exempts from postage taxes on imports by cross-border electricity dealers).
Lower-priced health-care products, mother-and-child products, etc. are exempted from paying taxes and taxes by making them zero. The new rates applicable to different goods under the new tax system for cross-border electricity suppliers are not equal to the old tax system. Health-care products, milk powder, etc., which were exempted from paying postage taxes by making them zero, are taxed by 11.9% under the new tax system; clothing, digital products, part of cosmetics, etc.
In addition, on 7 April 2016, the relevant departments issued a list of retail imports of cross-border electronic commerce, which includes 1,142 8 tariff-coded goods of far less variety than the current import varieties of cross-border power suppliers.
The system for the registration of formulas for infant and child formula products, which was introduced on 1 October, provides that for imported powder to qualify for national formula registration, three additional documents, including certificates issued by the National Immigration and Quarantine Service for the registration of imported infant and child formula products outside the country, are required. In fact, it is currently accessible through cross-border power suppliers.
We have more than 1,000 brands of milk powder, but only more than 300 registered in China, which means that 70% of the milk powder currently imported through cross-border power suppliers will be out of the market. Taken as a whole, the new tax system could have had a greater impact on the types of goods that are exempt from postage taxes by converting them into zero.
Import costs rise by about 10%; and a positive list system will result in a significant reduction in the range of goods that can be imported by cross-border electricians. To import multiple types of goods to meet consumer demand, the business model of some cross-border electric power suppliers has begun to shift from a bond model to a relatively high-cost direct overseas mail model.
However, as a result of the imperfection of the accompanying system, the industry reacted strongly, in May 2016, to the decision to extend the implementation of the new cross-border electricity provider’s tax system by one year, and then by the end of 2017. The extension of the new tax system gave the cross-border electricity provider an opportunity to breathe, facilitating the restructuring of business models and orderly healthy development.
While the implementation of the new system of cross-border electricity suppliers has been delayed, its impact on the tax-exempt industry is worth exploring. Before exploring that impact, a comparison should be made between duty-free commodity sellers and cross-border electricity traders. First, the tax-free sector has advantages in terms of low procurement costs and tax preferences over the cross-border electricity-marketing industry. Second, the position of the cross-border electricity-seller industry and the tax-free sector should be compared.
Cross-border electric power providers are located in a group of customers, mainly for imported goods of daily use, light luxury goods, with relatively high purchasing frequency, while duty-free commodity sales enterprises are located in an influx of tourists, mainly for the purchase of luxury goods, and these tourists are motivated to purchase duty-free goods with relatively low frequency.
By definition, more emphasis is placed on the distribution channels on the line, while the distribution channels for duty-free commodity sellers are mainly airports, ports, and mostly under the line. Thus, a comparison shows that the competitive relationship between duty-free commodity sellers and cross-border power suppliers is not prominent.
Tax rates will increase to varying degrees, with high-end watch rates increasing by about 30 percentage points, leading objectively to duty-free commodity sales firms gaining price advantages in high-end refined goods. However, the introduction of a new tax on cross-border electricity suppliers will be tax-free in the short term because of the restrictions imposed on the purchase of duty-free goods by ordinary consumers as a result of the allocation of duty-free goods to the tourist population.
In addition, in October 2016, companies stopped operating off-line sales platforms because of problems such as weak cost-control, which further weakened the company’s tax-free business and the competitive relationship of cross-border power suppliers, and the impact on companies of the new cross-border electricity provider’s tax regime may be further reduced.
After detailed planning, the possibility of developing duty-free sales on the line will continue to be explored in the future. 8. Investment proposal: maintain a recommended rating, first of all, better marketing, better transportation, and perhaps faster growth in the tax-free city of Sanya in 2017.
In addition, in September 2016, the G98 Ribbon high-speed stony Bay to Sanya section was refurbished and fully accessible, before the negative impact of traffic difficulties on the number of tourists was gradually eliminated.
In February 2016, the government issued the Interim Measures for the Administration of Border Entry Tax Free Shops, which decided to establish additional duty-free entry stores at 19 ports in the country. The company has opened duty-free entry stores at some ports in 2016, and the remaining posts will be tendered in 2017.
In August 2016, the company opened a third municipal tax-free shop in Cambodia, Phnom Penh, and continued to operate a tax-free market in Cambodia.
In September 2016, the company announced that 539.846.100 shares of companies held by the company’s formerly held shareholders in the National Travel Group were transferred free of charge to and held directly by China’s tourism group. After this non-reimbursable transfer, the company was at the same management level as the other major businesses of China’s tourism group.
This is also conducive to the creation of future companies with high-quality assets of the same kind from China’s tourism groups, the creation of duty-free airports, the release of tax-free shopping malls and the underdevelopment of overseas operations.
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to a depth 300 index. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific variety of recommendations and ratings are rated according to the market studied in the product, i.e. studies on the credit and derivative markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; studies on the market aspects of equities, equity-based funds, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk: studies on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, currency-based funds and macroeconomic policies, etc.
This report is presented independently, objectively and to the extent that you know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is independent of the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.