2023q4 Performance exceeded expectations, with new bright spots for continued high performances
The company issued a performance forecast that in 2023 it was expected to realize a net return profit of $2-2.2 billion, and that this was a year-on-year increase in sales, which continued to capture the upper- and middle-level share. Corporate technology continued to drop, new products were priced at a Māori rate plus, company 2024ces displayed new overseas flagships, and American access was broken down.
The company's 2024ces displays new items for the annual flagship sweeper s8maxvultra&s8maxultra and qrevomaxv&qrevopro for the full-scale site. The new flagship s8maxvultra is for the characteristics of the market in Europe and America, using vibrating tugs and suction methods, adding a dynamic arm, "brushing" and a fixed edge.
Disc mops, base-station little mops from cleaning and drying functions, better to solve the problem of edge-scanning and carpets, cleaning problems, products bright, and looking at the opening of new item 2024q2 to support sustained performance. The company has made zero breakthroughs under the US line, and has been located in nearly 200 storehouses in Target.
Most of the machine goods are low- and medium-end single dust collectors, and in the face of the strong strength of overseas brand companies, the company relies on the good slogans and circuits that have developed over long periods of deep cultivation to capture the opportunity to increase the penetration of all-power-based stations. • In a price-for-value trend, the company’s share in the market for land sweepers continues to rise.
According to avc, sales on the land sweep industry line of 2023q4 amounted to $4.38 billion (+17.1 per cent), sales volume of 1.79 million " Land sweeper under US line: stone section " (+11.4 per cent), sales on the stone sweeper line amounted to $990 million (+35.1 per cent) and sales on the market amounted to 22.6 per cent.
The Division continues to spread the price bands for all-power station sweepers through technology and product innovation, and captures the price belts for all-power stations.
It is hoped to continue the upward trend by exploring the opportunities for release, as well as the continuous turnover of functions. Business leaders - company updates. New Perspectives on Land Cruisers Overseas Markets: Bestseller,
App Download Analysis - Corporate Insight Report