Rocks and technology: the potential for overseas development, active marketing and expansion of the national population Events: Stone and Technology published a 2023 performance flash report, 23 years of company expected to achieve business income Stone and technology (688169)
Rowanyang wins the country's economy at a high rate of income growth, and q4 has significantly improved profitability.
According to the 23-year increase in sales of land-cleaning robots by 10 per cent, and 22 per cent in sales of land-washing machines by 22 per cent, we believe that the reason why companies have been able to outpace the industry for 23 years is that: 1) on the one hand, companies are actively promoting changes in product structure in the country to meet the changing consumption needs of the country;
2. On the other hand, companies are increasing their competitiveness by launching many new products abroad, expanding their local markets. q4 companies are expected to earn 2,965 million yuan, compared to 32.60 per cent, and are expected to do so.
The new product opened up the 3,000-bit market and then introduced an updated version of p10pro. As of 24w07 (2.18), p10pro series products (including the upper-water version) had a cumulative sales rate of 11.61 per cent on the 24-year line, p10 series (including the upper-water version).
In February 24, stones continued to be introduced at a price of $3999 and $4599 (auto-drain version) respectively, as well as new land washing machines a20air.
In addition to the new product, the rock has also opened its brand name through a proactive marketing strategy, with a series of 20 stone scrubbers on the 24-year-old spring evening stage.
We think that this way of growing into marketing can give further impetus to the rapid increase in the visibility of stone brands and the orderly expansion of offline channels. Twenty-three years, four quarters of the year, stones first entered American offline channels, target, s7maxultra, into more than 180 single shops, we think, 24 years of rock.
The head is expected to enter more down-to-door shops on the target line (almost 2,000 in the United States) and open up the North American down-to-market. On the product side, the company’s sku abroad now covers several price bands, and Amazon officials’ stores include both S8proultra and $359.99.
q5+, for customers with different needs. At this year's ces exhibition, stones launched six new items: s8maxv ultra, s8maxultra, qrevomaxv, qrevopro, flexipro, and flexi list.
Sunda Securities Inc. Profit Forecasts: We look forward to the multi-priced portion of stone technology as a cleaning power tap, both inside and outside the country.
The company's business income is projected for 23-25 years in the 9th House of the City of the West Side in Beijing.
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, under-anticipated demand from within and outside the country, under-research and development of new products, higher income dependency in the single category, increased competition in the industry, exchange rate fluctuations, etc. M.A. in Fusion & Management. Worked in commercial communications equipment development in tp-link hardware research and development.
New wealth in 2015 and 2017. In July 2020, it joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is a researcher in the domestic electricity industry, Yoon Sung-dy, an assistant research assistant in the domestic electricity industry. Master ' s degree in regional economics, University College of London, double master ' s degree in economics, University of Covinius, Budapest, bachelor ' s degree in finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, two degrees in Spanish.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.