Investment rating: buying (for the first time) the world's leading smart-and-scan robot brand, q3 performance up and up.
The company has autonomously developed lds, laser radars and slam algorithms, and has led the development of the industry with the power of smart sweep robotic products. The company 2023q1-3 achieved operating income of $5,689 million, compared to +160.38 per cent, with both internal and external sales exceeding expectations.
• Core point of view: inward sales increase penetration at a price-for-price rate, sea-for-sea acceleration, share of inward sales: consistent with industry’s trend towards value-for-money and full-power growth, which is expected to continue. According to the Orient Cloud Network, in 2023, the total value of all robotics moved downwards and rose.
In 2023, the Division launched the new flagship g20 full and value-for-money series p10 and p10pro, lowering the threshold of full-power entry. The company’s product is in the lead, actively comparing its prices with the depth of 300 per cent.
The share of market retail sales on robotic lines is 26.3%, an increase of 2.7 percentage points from the same year. Outsourcing: Innovative products accelerate the structural upgrading of products in overseas markets and are expected to increase their prices. Offshore leaders, irobot, are located at the lower and lower ends, and produce more slowly. Companies, based on the characteristics of overseas markets.
q5, q8 and s7 have been introduced, enabling a gradual shift in the structure of overseas products from a single machine to a multifunctional combination of self-cleaning, self-purification, drying, etc.
600-9000 dollars, significantly higher than industry averages. Market demand is not as high as expected; industry competition is increasing; new products are not as diverse as they are expected; 1 robot head brands are cleared and sold internally and reloaded.
The company was founded in 2014 with its own brand name, "Stony-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-Small-St-Sm-Sm-St-Sm-St-Sm-Sm-Sm-St-St-St-St-St-St-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-
The current matrix of corporate products includes smart-scanning robots, land washing machines, washing machines, and other smart appliances. 2023h1, the company releases a low-temper-temper-dry dry-dryer (h1), which continues to advance to the world’s leading technologists.
With the successful transformation of the company from surrogate to own branding, the company's profitability continues to be sold at a price, and the company takes a market share in the introduction of a series of new P-type products for competitive value for money: high-end external sales positioning, with a focus on the development of the United States, European and Asia-Pacific markets, q8max+, s7maxvoltra and other new overseas sales-led collections, q8max+, s7maxvoltra, etc.
Growth in revenue and improvement in product structure. Chart 1 Corporate collection and acceleration.
Intra-marketing: caters to the industry ' s trend towards full value and energy, with product strength expected to continue. According to latitude 67.4%, the number rose to 76.9% in 2023, and the company launched the new flagship g20 series and the P10pro series in 2023, lowering the threshold for full-power entry.
By 30 June 2023, the share of retail sales on the public clearing robot line had reached 26.3 per cent, an increase of 2.7 pp and a rise of 21.2 per cent and 2.8 pp.
Annual reports show that 41% of overseas consumers are willing to pay premiums for simplified products. The most typical example of this is smart sweep robots, which, despite being four times the standard version (423 US dollars for smart sweeps and 116 US dollars for ordinary performance sweeps), are willing to pay for them.
But the offshore leader irobot is located at the lower end of the border, and the product is slow. Based on the characteristics of the overseas market, the company has introduced q5, q8 and s7 ground-scavenging robotic products, enabling the gradual transition of the structure of overseas products from single machine products to multifunctional composite products such as self-cleaning, collection of dust, drying, etc. As of December 28, 2023, in the US and Asia.
In the top 50 of the list of bestsellers, stone products occupy eight seats at a price of between $600 and $900, notably higher than the industry average. In 2023, rock technology won the Amazon 'Annual Product Innovation Leadership' because of its superior product innovation and market performance.
Market demand is not as high as expected: increased competition in the industry: new products and volumes are not as high as expected, mainly white wine, and the data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively using information on legal compliance.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.