q4 over-expected performance, positive overseas placement of new products, looking at long-term growth potential Events: Stone Technology issued a 2023 performance forecast, 23 years of companies expected to realize net return profits Stone Technology (688169)
Rowanyang q4 has maintained a steady increase in performance and a steady increase in city share. q4 companies are expected to achieve a net return profit.
In addition, the company's 23-year high performance is due to the fact that the company's wholly-owned subsidiaries have received tax benefits on income tax rates after state-encouraged priority software firms have determined that they have received tax benefits.
In 23 years, companies have further refined their product price belts by launching home-grown high-priced machine products p. 10 and p. 10pro, flag.
The company has also been active in expanding the new product category by introducing molecular sifting machines H1, H1neo, and mini-m1. On overseas markets, it has benefited from a rapid increase in consumption demand from overseas.
There has also been an active restructuring of products, with a gradual shift in the structure of overseas products from single-organic products to multifunctional composite products such as cleaning, self-purification, drying, and faster growth in offshore collections. At the same time, companies have been active in introducing new products abroad, and stones have been launched this year at the ces conference.
High-end series of s8maxvoltras and s8maxultras, mid-end machines qrevomaxv and qrevopros and new land washing machines flexilete and pros. Profit predictions: we look at rock technology as a front-load of clean appliances at multiple prices in the country and abroad,
Multi-channel layout. We expect corporate business income for 23-25 years to be risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, under-required demand at home and abroad, under-research and development of new products, \triangleright
Higher income dependency, increased industry competition, exchange rate fluctuations, etc., for the single product group.
In July 2020, it joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the home and electricity industry.
In 2022, he joined the Sindam voucher for research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, white power, small household electricity, and parts and components.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.