Stone technology (688169.sz)
Events: The company issued an advance forecast of its performance in 2023, and in 2023 the company recorded a net profit from its parent, of which the non-recurrent gains and losses were mainly derived from tax returns, revenue management, etc. According to the warming of the domestic market for land-cleaning machines, the company’s share of the market rose further: after 2020, the country’s net profits were reduced to less than RMB 2 billion – 22,50.3 – 67.0 %.
The market for ground robots has fallen into a bottleneck of growth (figure 1), mainly because of the limited functionality of single machine sweepers. With technological breakthroughs such as “ground sweepers + clean-up base stations” – ground sweeps have become much less dependent on people, better meeting consumers’ need for intelligence and convenience, thus driving the country’s economy.
According to the Ovi Clouds Network, the volume of domestic land-cleaning machines increased by 4 per cent in January-November 2023, while the rate of full-power station-type penetration at higher unit prices increased by 27 per cent.
The value-for-money products p10 and p10pro (e.g., figure 3) cover medium- and high-end requirements.
The share of retail sales on the line rose by 2.6 pcts to 23.9% on a year-on-year basis, the second highest in the country. Companies’ overseas products are more competitive, looking at co-development below the line: companies are ahead of the sea, earning up to $3.48 billion in 2022, representing 53% of total revenues (e.g. figure 5) and covering mainly
Euro-American pipelines have a higher Māori rate than in the country (see figure 6 for example) and we appreciate the growth of companies in overseas markets, mainly because one company is more competitive in overseas products. The market is large, but still single-handed.
Main, high unit-priced base-scanners have a huge space to replace. The company’s seafood includes a base-shelter type such as flagship product s8 and value-for-money product q series, with a full range of prices and a higher score than comparable-priced products on floors, carpets, pets, etc. (e.g., table 1).
In 2023, the United States city of Amazonia accounted for about 14.3 per cent, after irobot (25 per cent). In addition, the Department ' s new flagship s8maxvoltra in 2024, which has a capacity of up to 10,000 pa (e.g. table 2), is more closely aligned with overseas demand for high-sort capacity (more than 50 per cent of the United States interior carpet area) and is available.
Ids has advanced capabilities such as navigation, voice control, mechanical arm, which have a clear advantage over manufacturers such as irobot, and are expected to contribute to a further increase in the company ' s market share in 2024. 2 companies have succeeded in creating a high-end brand image.
With technological change and multimedia marketing, high-end branding has been successfully established, and, according to the mirror oversea's American data, companies are far ahead of more than $788 in high-end markets (for example, figure 7, statistical top brands only). With new products listed in 2024 in thousands of United States dollars, corporate brands have gained influence.
Three companies have made a major breakthrough in their offline pipelines. More than 50 per cent of all electrical products overseas are still sold off the line, including through retailers, and it is relatively easy on the national product plate extension line, but it is difficult to enter the offline real-estate shop, and most of the offline consumption scenes are monopolized by manufacturers such as irobot.
Yes, the company managed to break through the U.S. line by entering more than 180 selected shops in Target in 2023q4, through sales certification of pipelines on the US-Asia line, and high-end branding. The commons will continue to infiltrate the underline retail pipelines in the future, and we look at the company’s synergies on the overseas line.
There is still room for companies to reduce capital costs, and preferential tax policies continue to increase profits: the company’s products are mainly produced in substitute plants, and the self-built Huaizhou plant was partially piloted in 2023h1 and is expected to be invested in 2024.
On the cost side, the company is still in the off-sea market phase, with sales costs growing faster, and q1-q3 sales, management, R & D costs in 2023.
In addition, the company's subsidiary, Beijing Stone Innovations and Innovations, has an impact of about 55 million yuan, which will be taxed at a 10 per cent tax rate in 2024 and beyond.
Revenues will grow rapidly, while the company’s domestic operations are expected to benefit from market warming. We expect tight supply, offshore pipelines to expand as expected, trade warfare risks. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.