Annual performance forecast for 2023: Strong domestic and foreign sales of new goods, four quarters doubling performance, four quarters doubling performance, year-round profit performance. Companies publish annual performance forecast increases for 2023.
Revenues are growing rapidly with outstanding product performance and technological advantages; at the same time, the ability to control the cost of a company's products has increased significantly in profitability by continuously optimizing the product structure and expanding the multichannel market.
q4 land-cleaning retail sales are accelerating the improvement. The company’s p series takes up 3,000 bits with high performance, high value, and g-lines hold the high end. With multi-price segments, the company’s market is the highest/lowest price in 52 weeks.
Land sweeper sales, such as German and French stations, have continued their strong rebound, especially during the boom, with a general doubling of growth. The company’s market share has steadily increased, driven by the high end of the series of new products, and the company’s q4 overseas earnings are expected to continue to grow strongly.
Technology advantages are evident, and one-quarter profits innovations are high. Companies start with technology, continue to grow deep in soft and hardware technology, such as navigation algorithms, hardware development and design, with multiple high-performance ground sweeper blast products, high product strength, high cost control, price accuracy. The domestic context is price-for-priced.
The company’s roll-out of the value for money p series remains at a very good level of profitability; overseas capture of high-end markets with high performance leads to further gains. With strong rebounds in overseas markets and sustained expansion of channels, the company’s four-quarter profits are re-innovated.
A positive contribution to net profits has been the increase in income from income tax refunds and fair value changes. Rocks and Technology (688169.sh) 2023: Technology excellence has been highlighted, new overseas performances have been upgraded, and global share has been enhanced.
Stone Technology (688169.sh)-2022 & Quarterly 2023: A quarter of business pressure, new products waiting for industrial warming - s and mid-q series 4 new items, new mechanical arm structures, suction, etc., re-enhancement of performance expected
Strengthening the company’s high-end brand image and promoting the company’s increased share in the high- and middle-end markets abroad. Stone technology (688169.sh) – Outlook for the potential of stone molecules to sifting for a single dryer – Stone technology (688169.sh)-2022: four-quarter outlet.
Investment Recommendations: Higher Profit Forecasts, Maintenance of “buy-in” rating
Figure 4: Company single-season net profit return and rate of increase, Figure 3: Corporate net profit return and rate of increase, Figure 5: Corporate Māori rate and net interest rate
Figure 6: Māori rate and net interest rate for a company per quarter
Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation tables Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future