Information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment 3-quarter review of Lungi stock (601012) - performance is still bright and has a prominent advantage: the company published the 3-quarter 2019 report.
Production and sales have increased significantly, and sales abroad have risen rapidly. At a time when domestic loading is not expected this year, the growth in corporate performance has been facilitated by the rapid growth in demand in overseas markets, and the sales of the company’s main product, monocrysilica and components, have increased substantially on an equal basis.
The share of sales has risen rapidly, the distribution area has expanded further, the income from overseas has increased significantly over the years, and the cost of company production has continued to decline as a result of the technological upgrading. In the first three quarters of 2019, companies achieved 4,553 million monocrystal silicon tablets and 4,639 million deliveries.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Production of single crystal components 5.74gw, volume of shipments 5.21gw. During the reporting period, the company’s overseas market expanded significantly, with a rapid increase in overseas sales of component products and a further expansion of distribution areas.
Large, the growth in overseas income was significant, with companies selling overseas single crystal components up to over 70% in the third quarter of 2019. Under the company’s leadership, the global share of single crystal markets continued to rise, according to the pvinfolink agency, as a result of a single crystal product’s comparative advantage.
(601012) Reported points - high performance is expected to rise to 62 per cent in 2019 and will increase further in the future, with significant overseas market expansion
Growing R & D inputs and increasing product competitiveness. Companies start by creating value for their customers (601012) annually and in a quarterly report - point of view, keeping an eye on their needs, increasing R & D inputs, and promoting the value of their products.
Sales continued to grow at a high rate, and overseas operations rose. In the first three quarters of 2019, corporate R & D investments accumulated $198 million, accounting for 5.38 per cent of current operating income; in addition, companies accumulated nearly 600 authorized patents of all types, in Lajing,
Research and development directions such as slices, batteries, components, equipment and informatization are progressing as planned and are expected (601012) to be evaluated in three quarters - production and sales, and new technology and product stocks are adequate.
Growth is evident, and the vanguard is still in place. The new component, which continues to meet market demand for high-efficiency products, effectively guides and drives further reductions in the combined costs and electricity costs of the chain of production, and drives the process of industry access to the Internet at par.
Efficient output expands at an accelerated rate, with clear cost advantages. According to the company ' s Product Performance Plan for the next three years (2019-2021), based on single crystal capacity at the end of 2018, the company plans to reach 65gw by the end of 2021 and single crystal battery capacity at the end of 2021.
20gw, with a single crystal component production capacity of 30gw by the end of 2021, silicon production capacity is expected to reach 65gw by the end of 2020, one year ahead of schedule, based on current construction progress. In order to guarantee market demand for efficient monocrystal products, companies are accelerating their capacity-building.
Lungi shares (601012) -- performance is still bright, with a leading advantage. The 10gw Single Crystal Silicon Project (phase I) and the 5gw Component Project in Suzhou have been completed.
In addition, companies further reduce the non-silicon cost of their products through equipment modification, process improvement, management upgrading, and maintain a relatively high level of Maori on average relative to the industry, with significant cost advantages.
Investment advice: The firm’s deep-deep-farming, monocrystal technology route has great advantages in cost, efficiency, and management. With the advent of a flat-priced Internet access in the photovoltaic industry, the company, as a monocrystal giant and $1.81 yuan/share, gives a “buy-in” rating of p18, 14 and 12 times.
Lungi shares (601012) - performance is still bright, leadership is high - performance is still high
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.