Three-quarter review of Lungi shares (601012.sz)
Income of 22,693 million yuan, an increase of 54.68 per cent in the same year; net profit return of 34.84 billion yuan, an increase of 106.03 per cent in the same year; opening of the third quarter, an increase of 283.85 per cent in the same year.
1. Research assistant: Wei Dae-jung 1. Rapid growth in overseas demand and improvement in the domestic industry landscape.q3 performance
The continuation of high growth stems mainly from three factors: the high demand in overseas markets, a 252 per cent increase in the volume of goods delivered on the same basis, and 76 per cent of the total external sales of single crystal components; and the continued tight supply of single crystal silicone since this year, resulting in higher unit prices
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consulting and the Māori rate is rising; the share of single crystalline silicon in the global silicon market has increased further due to significant efficiency gains and is now over 50 per cent.
There is still a further upward trend. The domestic photovoltaic is in the middle of a price-neutral transition,1 and the Lungi stock depth study - core technology and overall industry climate is improving, the bottom of the cycle is showing, the price of the links is rising.
Growing space highlights the investment value of 181115 and a further 20% drop in the grid will lead to a steady period of affordable Internet access. 2. The combination of R&D inputs plus lower costs leads to a clean and profitable output.
Industry leads. Corporate R & D investment in the industry transition continues unabated, and efficiency gains are long-term trends, and the conversion rate of single crystal perc batteries continues to break the world record with an average of more than 23%.
Step-by-step, backward production capacity will be phased out, technology leadership + lower costs will be a guarantee of firm’s core competitiveness. Lungi shares are the backbone of monocrystal silicone, and the domestic market will continue to dominate.
Solar components are the company’s core business, with a growing proportion of the main business, and the company’s performance is driven by this.
Channels are paved, solar components are expected to continue to grow at a high rate over the next three years, with 2019e - 2021e slightly below the drop in prices, but prices are on a limited downward trend, Māori rates remain stable, and we anticipate single crystal silicon.
The company's monocrysil silicon is one of its core products, with cost and technical advantages, perc conversion rates are constantly breaking the world record, and the single-crystal ratio is increasing further, with a higher degree of certainty about the continued growth in sales. We have a relatively small share of the company's electricity business, but this year the company's business is moving downstream along the industry chain.
It is clear that the increase has doubled over the last three years and has achieved a higher Māori rate. Taking into account a smaller base, batteries are expected to be used as an intermediate in the industrial chain, and the purchasing characteristics of the receiving industry are expected to have a relatively small share. Companies have a significant advantage in single crystal conversion rates and manufacturing processes, with a projected three-year base of 2019e-2021e.
Business income has been growing at a rate of 20 per cent per year, while the Māori rate has remained stable at 20 per cent. Schedule 1 profit scale (millions of yuan) is open to compliance channels, the logic of analysis in the report is based on one ' s own professional understanding, the report clearly and accurately reflects his own research views, and the conclusions are not open to any third party.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.