Main data (completed as of 24 October): -Standing high growth in performance, with re-distributable bonds. Lungi shares are to be publicly released for a total of no more than $5 billion.
The annual production of 15gw single crystal silicon bars, the silicon film project and the Xi An Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin is expected to produce 5gw single crystal Xin Xin Quan Quan Quan Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin.
One is the continuing decline in the company’s production costs; in the first half of the year, the company reduced the non-silicon cost of silicon production by 31.75 per cent on a year-on-year basis through process improvements, equipment adaptation and management upgrades, proving once again the company’s outstanding innovative management capabilities. This is also an important support for the company’s continued expansion.
Debt-transferable issuance has helped companies improve their capital structure and their resilience to risk. Since 2019, companies have announced 10 single crystal investment construction projects, with a projected total investment of $20.368 billion. As at the end of June 2019, the corporate asset-liability ratio
Gold will effectively relieve the financial pressure from the expansion of corporate operations, while at the same time helping to enhance corporate R & D capabilities, optimize capital structures and reduce financial risks, thereby enhancing the overall competitiveness and resilience of the public sector.
The steady expansion of productive capacity has helped companies to achieve business goals and consolidate corporate leadership. The company, in combination with its own production techniques and cost-control advantages accumulated over the years in the monocrystal field, is steadily expanding the production capacity of monocrystal products and is now building capacity and planning capacity.
The industry is still in the lead, and the city’s share is expected to remain the highest in the next few years. According to the company’s business plan, in 2019, the company’s single crystal silicon, battery, and component capacity will reach 36gw, 10gw, 16gw, with 29%, 150%, 82% growth, respectively.
The company’s three-quarterly performance forecast meets our expectations, does not adjust the efficiency of its surplus and good fund-raising, and we are optimistic about the release of this debt-transferable company.
The uncertainty of the risks posed by international trade barriers; the uncertainty of the risks posed by increased competition in the industry: the demand for domestic aircraft is not as high as expected; and the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index over the six-month period following the reporting date is defined as follows:
The following is defined as the industry ' s increase or decline in relation to the market benchmark index over the six-month period following the reporting period: