The Center for Resources and Environmental Research (CRED) has issued an extension of debt-surveillance to consolidate the growth of the leader.
The bond period is six years, and the collection of funds will be used for the Silvergawa 15gw single crystal silicon rods, the Silicon Project, and the Western Ann 5gw single crystal battery project. Accelerating the expansion of single crystal silicon production can help companies to consolidate their leadership position and maintain a virtuous pattern of industrial competition:
In recent years, with rapid advances in single crystallized/slice process technology and the widening gap in the efficiency of single crystallized batteries following the diffusion of perc technology, the growing advantage of single crystalline routes over crystallized value for money, whether in terms of capital spending on the manufacturing of industrial chains or product selection in the end-use chain, the focus has been on single crystals.
The trend is clear. And the relatively high level of profitability of the single crystal silicon chain is attracting a hundred-billion-dollar new market-market start and rapid growth - participants from outside the two major industry poles have joined in the expansion.
The q2 super-prospective innovation, single crystals high, the target of 65gw silicon production capacity achieved by the end of 2021 is set to be achieved by 2020, the company is expanding, and the speed at which it consolidates its position as the absolute leader of the single crystal silicon will also drive the silicon chain to make a profit.
201071 q3. "Reconfirmation of the Repercussion of Profitability for the second quarter of a row, thereby discouraging some of the long-tailing production impulses and preserving benign patterns of competition. Industrialization of R & D outcomes through expansion, helping large amounts of R & D inputs successfully translate into competitiveness of enterprises:
4. Quarterly Profit Trail confirmed that a significant increase in the profit forecast was the company ' s ability to maintain technology for long periods of time in the field of dynamic and competitive photovoltaic manufacturing. 5. Inventory impairment delayed short-term performance and business data became apparent.
Many of the R&D results need to be industrialized and scaled up in the form of capital spending, such as expansion, technological change, to contribute to the firm’s overall competitiveness. Therefore, we cannot deny that technology in the photovoltaic industry is still progressing rapidly, and the market is still growing rapidly.
At a time of rapid expansion, sufficient capital strength is an important condition for firms to remain competitive and grow. The price of single crystal silicon is expected to slow down in the coming year, with limited impact on profitability: as one or two ladders of firms release new capacity, single silicon silicon is further encroaching on the market share of multiple crystals.
Price declines are inevitable, but we judge that the future cycle of silicon silicon reduction will be relatively easy to control, relying on the continued decline in non-silicon costs, and the negative impact of the price reduction on the company ' s silicon Māori ratio is also expected (8621) 61357595
The increase in the volume of goods will be easily compensated for. And the apparent price drop in the recent multi-crystal batteries, which may lead to the transfer of a single-crystal cell output to the production of single-crystal cells, will provide new support for short-term single-crysilica prices.
We maintained the company ' s net profit forecast for 2019-21 at $5,478.86 billion, and as a result of the company ' s previous issuance of the score, the final rating was calculated on average and built as an average market investment.