At the same time, the company announced an investment agreement for the 5gw monochrystal component of the Caring Year.
Delays in the start of the domestic market to raise the profitability of q3 and the impairment of assets partially inhibit the performance statement
1. “Extensions in the issuance of debt swaps, consolidation of the flagship protection component demand has been repeatedly delayed, with only 4.6 gw (larger household usage) installed in a single season, mainly as a result of this growth — the Lungi Stock Company Incident Review”,
The impact has led to a decline in the output of the company ' s q3 component. However, with the continued decline in non-silicon costs and good sales of overseas components, the company ' s q3 combined Māori ratio has increased by 1.9 to 30 per cent in a single season, and it's 200 billion new market value points, expanding production at a faster rate of growth --
Four seasons of ring rise, and one season of net profit re-innovation. At the same time, while single crystal silicon prices have remained stable since the beginning of the year, the market prices for single crystals and single crystal components have been stable since the third quarter.
There was a marked decline of more than 20% and 15%, respectively, which caused the company q3 to lose $185 million in asset impairments, partially offset by the profit growth generated by the increase in silicon output and lower costs. q4 volume increases were stable, and quarterly earnings were expected to continue to rise: q4, as a result of the outlook, in the first half of next year.
0.01/quarterly delay in grid-connected pricing penalties. Larger projects in the country are expected by the end of the year.
The q4 silicon silicon and component flow ring ratios are expected to increase significantly when the prices of the products are expected to remain stable, after much adjustment in the previous period, and under the expectation that the q1 season will not be too short, from which the company ' s profit will continue to rise.
The expected output of silicon tablets and components increased considerably in 2020, and the impact of product price reductions on profitability was limited: with the release of new production in one or two echelons of firms, the price of single crystal silicon silicon was inevitably reduced in the process of further encroaching on the market share of multiple crystals, but we judge that this future round of silicon price reductions will be relatively moderate.
Controllable, and dependent on the continued decline in non-silicon costs, the negative impact of price reductions on the company’s Silicon Maori rate is also expected to be easily offset by an increase in the volume of goods delivered. At the same time, as companies’ overseas channels have continued to improve in recent years, business and brand ratings continue to rise, and component operations are expected to continue to grow thin.
Since the company's chances of completing the sale of new large power stations fell in the year towards the end of the year, we've got a small score, and then we've averaged the final score and built it as an average market investment.