New material in North (000786.sz): Equity incentives, highlighting development requirements and directions, inside and out, new material in North.
In the North, 347 of the country’s leaders in the production and manufacture of plaster plates awarded a total of up to 12.9 million shares in restricted stocks. The market in the industry, where the cardboard industry is more than 60%, has been actively developing.
The cast board plus. The “One Wing” development strategy, the acquisition of waterproof materials, the development of waterproof materials and coatings, and equity incentives are new breakthroughs in new incentives for building new materials in the north of the country, pushing staff and companies to work together more closely.
Business, the size of waterproofing materials, is among the top three sectors in the industry. New North building materials as equity incentives for the company are a new breakthrough in incentives that enable companies not only to develop their basic business but also to be tied to the depth of their employees in market value management.
The market value of a company is much more reflective of changes in its intrinsic value. Especially in the context of the “medium-valued” scenario, this has contributed to an improvement in the market value of the assets of the firm.
The release of the stock limit requires a positive increase in the value of the company's development standards. The incentive to release the stock in three instalments, and then release the remaining 33%. The combined value of the net profit or the industry average for the deduction of the non-retroactive net profit in the release of the stock limit criteria: and the requirement of annual eva>o, all of which shows the quality of the company's assets.
The demand for promotion is not only a steady improvement in the quality of its own assets, but also a higher level for the listed companies and the industry as a whole. The demand for an upgrade does not depend on a blind extension of the liability, but rather on financing to ensure the efficiency of input output. These requirements reflect the company’s own excellence and Beta.
The net profit from the release of sales shares requires that the confidence and direction of the company’s internal and extended development be demonstrated. The requirement for the assessment of net profits from the sale ban is that the net profit from the deduction of the net return be increased at no less than a compound rate in 2022-2024.
The annual commitment to withhold the net profit from the latter is not less than $324 million, $362 million and $407 million, respectively, and this performance has been achieved at a long rate, depending on the growth of the cardboard and waterproof materials operations, or on the higher-than-anticipated growth of the paints operations, the faster growth of the market and the expansion of the outreach.
In the current industry environment, the company is the leader of construction materials. The top-level chalkboard business brings sufficient cash flows to a better and faster expansion of the s148,05120003.
The construction industry’s persistently depressed environment offers opportunities for corporate development, and the current environment, whether for city-level rises or for extended mergers and acquisitions, is in a favourable position to watch the company’s waterproof materials and paint operations.
The combination of endogenous and expansive energy, the stability of the “One” gypsum operations, the new growth space brought by the “two Eastern financial and intellectual wings” of waterproofing materials and paints, and the maintenance of corporate “strongly recommended” ratings.
Table 1: Release arrangements and timing of stock restrictions
The source of financial prosperity in the East, new material in the North (000786.sz): Equity incentives highlight the requirements and direction of development, internal and external, and the sources of financial prosperity in the East.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that new material (000786.sz): Equity incentives highlight development requirements and directions, and internal and external growth.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.