Quality pay-up doubles. Two wings highlight long-term value: the company issues an announcement on the Quality Pay-up programme of action, with the following five major recommendations.
(a) Focus on the main industries and accelerate progress towards a “one-wing, global layout” development strategy; (b) science, technology and innovation that ignites high-quality engines of development; (c) strong governance that enhances normative performance; (d) perfecting the pamphlet, which is guided by investors' needs; and (e) sound business, with a strong return on investors' ideas.
The head of the gypsum industry is strong, and paint wings plus waterproof wings are growing faster. The firm is firmly committed to the One \triangleright two-wing development strategy, the master industry, and to doing the big gypsum and gypsum plus business.
The world's largest cardboard industry group and light steel bone industry group. The company's cardboard capacity reached 3,388 million square metres at the end of 2023h1. It has three products: Tarzan, Dragon, Dream Card.
On the two-wing side, the company speeded up its heavy waterproofing and coating operations, of which the waterproofing business was already in the top three of the country’s industry, with brand names such as the king, sheep, thumbs, lunar kings, Sate, Aotearoa, and others.
In July 2021, a new coating operation was set up, 49% of Tianjin lighthouse paints were acquired in September of the same year, 51% of the rest of lighthouse paints were given in April 2023, and in December 2023 a joint announcement was made to reorganize Gabriele, who had been on top of the global paints for many years, from paint to industry, to gradually improve the layout.
In terms of channels, the company continues to promote the transformation of industrial goods into consumer goods, focusing on the structural and end-brand capabilities of the assembly contents, and grinding the "Both + Chief" stereo to fully cover the business model of saturated marketing;
To promote a shift from “work to home, city to county, base to village, product to service” and to accelerate the transition to a consumer-type construction service provider.
Global layout, expanding emerging international markets such as Africa, Central Asia, the Middle East, and South-East Asia. “Global layout” assessment: significant increases in marketing costs and a single-season increase in Maori rates \triangleright
Another core development strategy for the company, which takes stock of the events in Africa, Central Asia, the Middle East and South-East Asia -2023/10/28.
Market opening has intensified and, by the end of 2023h1, Tanzania ' s production base had achieved a two-fold increase in operating income and profits from the same period last year -- 2023/09/21; production of 40 million m2 of cardboard production lines in Uzbekistan was already under way;
4. The Thai company, which was established in the semi-annual reporting point of 2023 for new materials in the north (000786.sz), has built up its projects in an orderly manner. At the same time, the company has stepped up field research, deepened its territorial market, actively explored multi-product business development models such as powder slurry, facepaper, etc., and is expected to enrich its products abroad in the future.
5. New North Building (000786.sz) 2022 Annual Report Review: Adverse price increases show price-fixing rights for gypsum boards, waiting for home-loading,
In addition to the poor performance of the cash flow resulting from litigation and settlement fees, the net share of the company is higher than 1, and the cash flow of the country ' s subsidences - 2023/04/01 - provides the basis for the company ' s long-term sound dividends policy. The company has been 10 consecutive times since 1999
Four years of implementation of the cash share, between 2020 and 2022, the accumulated cash share of the company was 3,142 million yuan, representing a total investment proposal: we continue to look forward to the steady progress of the “One Wing” strategy for the construction of new material in the north; 2 gypsum plates accelerate the transition to “consumable goods”; 3 profit-benefits in water protection operations, with progressive and positive contributions; 4 out of caps
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.