North (000786.sz) "One" Golden Bull, 21 March 2024, "two wings" take off.
The new North Building material is our primer in the production of cast boards, and the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company is 3,524 million yuan, an increase of 12.07 per cent over the same period; deduction of non-recurrent losses
In industry, the cardboard industry has a market share of more than 60%, and positive developments have resulted in net profits for shareholders in the parent company of $3.495 billion, an increase of 31.75% over the same period.
The purchase of waterproofing materials, the development of two wings of waterproofing materials and coatings, and the number of waterproofing materials are among the top three sectors of the industry.
Waterproof materials and gypsum+ operations are growing rapidly, with lower costs and higher levels of revenue and profitability driven by control fees. Under the company's “paste Plus” strategy, 2023 young building materials earn $182.9 million in business income, an increase of 8.82%.
Increased market expansion in the face of a decline in businesses above size, the operation of water-resistant materials, debt collection and cross-equity presentations: $3.903 billion, an increase of 24.12 per cent over the same period, led to a better growth in corporate operating income.
Percentage points, with a 0.67 percentage point increase in the rate of Maori for light construction materials and 2.08 percentage points for water-resistant materials. This is not only the decline in raw materials, but also the driving force of a number of initiatives to optimize the structure of the company’s products, production lines, formulations, and management.
At a point, the financial cost rate fell by 0.15 percentage points, and the cost during the period of driving sales fell by 1.31 percentage points. “One” cardboard operations guaranteed sufficient cash flows and “two-wing” operations took advantage of rapid growth.
This is a 29.20 per cent increase in the same year, and the gypsum plus business is better off with sales-based repayments to ensure that the company's cash flow is adequate. So, in the current downturn in the waterproof materials industry, sufficient cash flows provide a funding base for the rapid development of waterproofing operations, with over 1,300 new development channels for waterproof materials in 2023, with a focus on advantages.
Client expansion and excavation have led to a faster increase in the market share, consolidating the top three positions in the industry. At the same time, the other wing of the paint business has developed rapidly through the acquisition of the coating tap, Gabriel.
Transforming consumer build-up service providers, with “one-wing” quality and internationalization driving companies to develop new spaces. Companies are actively turning to consumer goods in the face of new changes in the real-estate sector, with the exception of “full-covering saturation +” on the channel.
The Internet-era micromarketing "plus "workshop+master" marketing model also increases the sale of functional s14801207003 sex products at the top, to meet the multilayered demand for high-end homes. And expands the middle-end functional product to "channel."
+Engineer achieves full market coverage. Production promotes digitalization and high-end technological transformation, creates new-quality productivity-reducing efficiency gains, achieves high-quality "one-wing" development, and leads to faster and healthier growth of the new "two-wing" business. It also actively promotes internationalization and opens up markets in Africa, Central Asia, the Middle East, South-East Asia, etc.
In the current industry environment, the structure has grown faster and better, both domestically and internationally, and maintains a corporate “strongly recommended” rating.
New North material (000786.sz): "One" cash cow, "two wings" take off two times, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and prosperity.
New North material (000786.sz): "One" cash cow, "two wings" and "two wings" take off.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
New North material (000786.sz): "One" cash cow, "two wings" take off without any guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.