Profit performance meets expectations, increases the focus on shareholder returns \triangleright, strengthens the ability of the cast board to make profits \
In 2023, the light construction branch received $18,129 million, i.e. + 8.82 per cent, of which:
(b) Other gypsum + operations were affected by the synergy of channels and the expansion of new products, with rapid growth, yielding revenue of $2,073 million, accelerating the expansion of two-wing operations, Gabriela 2024 collating and opening the coating wing space.
With regard to water-proofing operations, 3,903 million yuan was collected in 2023, i.e. +24.12 per cent, with 430 million flats at the end of the year and more than 1,300 new development channels throughout the year.
Fifty-one percent of the shares were given, while industrial paints were perfected, Gabriely was jointly restructured to do the big building paint, and Gabriel had increased her return in two ways. The One Wings highlighted the long-term value, the cost was well regulated, and the cash flow was excellent and the red scale increased.
Quarterly review: 3-quarter report 2023. Quarterly review: significant increase in sales costs, one-quarter improvement in Māori ratio.
Corporate controls over receivables were strengthened by establishing a credit sales system, “Acfirmation + Reconciliation” and “Debt + Litigation” bilateral risk 4. New material construction north (000786.sz) incident review: coating wings, excellent cash flow performance supported the company's further enhancement of shareholder returns, with the company increasing its share of cash in 2023 to the nearest share of cash
\triangleright + 4.40 pct. Strengthening the development of emerging international markets such as Africa, Central Asia, the Middle East, South-East Asia, and Tanzania’s base collection and profitability
The two-fold increase in the same ratio; the production of 40 million flat-plate plates per year in Uzbekistan; the establishment of a Thai company with structured progress in project construction; and the strengthening of existing national “two-wing” market openings. Investment proposals: we continue to look forward to the “one-wing” strategy for new material 1 in the north; and the “consumption” of cast boards.
We predict that the methodology and analytical logic of 2024- \triangleright will lead to conclusions, that the present report will be presented independently and objectively, and that we will be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.