New materials in the north (000786.sz): M&A support, rapid growth of the paint business, promotion of the company's new production of new materials in the north.
On December 30, 2023, the company issued an announcement that the joint reorganization of the paint company, Gabriel, and the reconstitution of the new North are the leading companies in the production of our gypsum plates, holding 78.34 per cent of Gabriel's shares, and that Gabriel became the company's controlling subsidiary.
In industry, the cardboard industry has more than 60% of the market, and it is actively developing the cardboard plus.
The company, as a domestic gypsum business, has the highest volume of waterproof materials in the first three sectors. The flat is the best, with 68.17% of the city in 2022, with a significant cost advantage.
The division's main business, the distribution model, ensures that the company operates a sufficient cash flow. At the same time, the company is actively developing “two wings” of waterproof materials and coatings on a “one” basis, based on the gypsum for the next three to six months.
Mergers and acquisitions, which have been the third largest industry in the country for three years. Gabriel's acquisition has led to a further drop in the company's other wing of paint business.
The top five, the top three, the top three, the top 30, the top 30, will add more than 11,97 million tons to the manufacturing capacity of the country's fabric after the acquisition of new materials. The company's “one-wing” strategy is beginning to emerge, with waterproof materials and coatings once the cardboard business becomes a mature subject.
Mergers and acquisitions help to re-create a new pattern in the paint industry. New North building materials, as the son of the China Construction Group, gradually developed into the country’s absolute cast-plate head from 2005 to 2015 through the acquisition of Tarzan paste.
The combination of private and foreign companies has led to better co-development with the resources of the company. The current global leader in the paint industry, which is dominated by foreign companies, has entered the paint industry, which has contributed to the faster and better development of China’s paint industry and has led to a new pattern of developments in the paint industry.
The combined reorganization raised the value of the company and increased its performance. Gabriel's net assets at the end of July 2023 were 2,072 million yuan, equivalent to 2.51 times the pb on the basis of a buy-off swap, and slightly higher than the net market rate of 2.07 times the net market of the same industry, dominated by direct sales models, for the consumer company, the Asian Enterprise for Innovation, and the market for internal paints.
The net market share of the company's three trees was 8.47 times higher, and the asset share of the accounts receivable in the third quarter of 2023 was 31.60 per cent. Given that the company was primarily in a distribution mode, with fewer receivables, and that the quality of its assets was less affected by the debt crisis in the real estate industry, there was a significant premium margin against the market's reasonable pb valuation level.
The annual performance commitment to net profit after tax is not less than $413 million, $875 million and $1,394 million, and these are the stability of the exhibition, the new growth space created by the two-wing operations, and the maintenance of the firm’s “very recommended” rating.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the new North (000786.sz): M&A support paints are growing rapidly, driving the company's new growth, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East (000786.sz): the rapid growth of the M&A operations and the growth of the company; the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the M&A manufacturing industry is growing rapidly, pushing the company forward.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.