On December 29, the company issued an announcement to buy 78.34 per cent of Gabriel's shares in cash and paint plate feathers.
On the same day, a restricted stock incentive scheme was launched for 2023, with higher performance targets highlighted, the North Building Project Review, the site of Gabriel's takeover: the North Building Project is to buy 78.34% of Gabriel's shares at $4.074 billion.
When the acquisition is completed, the new North building material will become a shareholder of Gabriel. Gabriel promised a high equity incentive target of 2024/2024, highlighting the firm’s confidence: the first restricted share incentive scheme was issued for the new North building of the same day, with no more than 12.9 million restricted shares, representing about the sum of the stock stock.
The “one wing” accelerates and the company can develop in the future: the company's main points of growth will include: 1) the leading edge of the cardboard business, which is expected to increase further, and the higher end product share, which will further enhance the profitability of the cardboard business by focusing on the Benlicho test. 2) The two-wing industry
2023H1 Waterproofing operations at $1.96 billion, with a proposed increase in profitability; the coating capacity of the company after the company's acquisition of Gabriel will be rapidly increased from the current 103,000 tons to more than 1.3 million tons. 3) The gypsum + operations are expected to be released in the future. The company is working on traditional gypsums and gypsums.
Synergy between the board and the business, relying on the company's mature distribution channels, gypsum + is expected to be quickly released in the future, using the market price as of December 29, 2023. Considering that Gabriel's acquisition has not yet been fully completed, we maintain the company's profit forecast.
New North Building Materials 20230925 Waterproofing operations affect corporate cash flows, higher prices of raw materials are higher than expected, and demand boosts are poor.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, building materials, building materials, incident one: acquisition of Gabriel in North Korea, growing coatings.
On December 29, 2023, a announcement was issued to buy 78.34% of the shares of the Gabriel Chemical Group Inc. (hereinafter, Gabriel) in cash for $4.074 billion, with Gabriel's 100% interest equal to $5.2 billion. When the acquisition is completed, the North will become a performance pledge, with the original shareholder making performance compensation to Gabriel and direct deduction of the corresponding compensation from the value of the remaining shares due in the year.
The share transfer price will be paid in three instalments, at a rate of 10/60/30 per cent of the share transfer price, respectively. The third share transfer price will be paid in three years, after the transfer has been completed, at a rate of one third per year of the third share transfer price.
The paint business plate is an important component of the “One Wing, Global Layout” development strategy. The paint business plate, which currently has an annual capacity of 103,000 tons, is mainly concentrated in the North China region and needs to be strengthened in terms of size and industry influence. This joint restructuring is a major strategic initiative for companies to expand the layout of the paint industry and achieve “two wings” that will lead to corporate paint operations.
It was agreed that, after deducting the dividends to be implemented by the Gabriel Group, the price of 100 per cent of Gabriel's shares would be $520.00 million, and within 10 working days of the signing of this agreement and the completion of preconditions 1 to 3 between B and C, A will be paid.
After the entry into force of this agreement, good faith money in the supervisory account (bank account opened by A and jointly controlled by A and B) is automatically converted to the first transfer price and the second transfer price payment clause.
Within 10 working days of the conclusion of the transaction, the funds in the supervisory account shall be released and paid; within 10 working days of the completion of the handover and the registration of the business change, the first party shall pay the second stage of the share transfer price, which shall be 60% of the share transfer price.
The outstanding related party receivables are withheld and paid to the Gabriel Group as agreed in the agreement. 30 per cent of the value of the transfer of shares in the third stage, the corresponding value of the third transfer of shares in the original shareholder will provide guarantees for performance commitments and other contingent matters, and the staff of the Gabriel Group in C (excluding original shareholders and enemies)
The corresponding third stage share transfer price will guarantee the duration of service. The third stage share transfer price will be paid in three years after the transfer is completed, with an annual payment of one third of the third part of the share transfer price.
The transfer price for the current period is paid to parties B and C within 20 working days: if the Gabriel Group does not complete the performance promised for the year or if the staff member concerned separates from service in violation of the period of service, the remainder of the transfer price for the year is paid after deduction of the corresponding amount under this agreement.
The original shareholder committed that in the financial year 2024, 2024-2025, 2024-2026, the Carrier Group would pay performance compensation to the Gabriel Group in the following manner: current indemnity = net profit after cumulative commitment taxes at the end of the current period - as of the end of the commitment period
At the end of the period, the accumulated net profit realized at the end of the period is the compensation paid by the original shareholder at the end of the current period.
The net profit after taxes on the impact of shares payments, net of non-recurring gains and losses, is not less than $115 million, if less than the above amounta is entitled to a direct deduction of the difference from the second stage transfer price paid to the original shareholder. Ten thousand tons jumped to more than 1.3 million tons, the production profile was extended from the north of China to the whole country, and the coating plate business would become visible.
With the completion of this deal, the two sides will promote the development of synergies in procurement, production, marketing, research and development, while exploring the potential for synergies with the company ' s existing operations, further improving production efficiency, increasing market share and increasing company sustainability.
This day is the lead in the paint industry, which covers a wide range of areas such as building paint, wood paint, industrial paint, floor paint, and assistive materials. According to the Painting Industry, Gabriel’s revenue increased from $80 million to $4.47 billion in 2001-2022, with rapid growth in size.
By the end of 2022, Gabriel had eight major production bases throughout the country, located in Chengdu, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Xianan, Jiangmen headquarters, and various county markets, opening more than 20,000 shops. When the acquisitions are completed, the new wood coating plates in the north will be significantly enhanced in terms of capacity and layout.
In July 2021, the company established a new coating for the North, completed the integration of the "done" paints, held a 100% stake in the dragon paints and acquired 49% in September of the same year in the Tianjin lighthouse coatings; in April 2023, the company announced the completion of 51% of the lighthouse coatings, and after the trade was completed, the North paints held a 100% stake in the lighthouse coatings.
The company’s annual production of paint is currently at 103,000 tons, mainly in the north of the country, and it needs to be strengthened in terms of regulations and industry influence. After the company’s merger with Gabriel, the company’s manufacturing capacity will rise to 1.3 million tons, the production of the product will be expanded from the north of the country and the coatings will be significantly enhanced.
Incident II: The company's first restricted equity incentive scheme, with higher performance targets, highlighted development confidence
The incentive is not more than 347 people, including company directors, senior managers, and core cadres. The incentive has a high target for lifting the sales restrictions, highlighting the company’s confidence in development.
Of these, net additional assets and net profits from net assets such as non-net assets are not included in the calculation of the indicator of return on non-net assets if the company has issued equity financing, equity acquisitions, swaps, etc. during the life of the equity incentive scheme.
This restricted equity incentive scheme provides a first-time incentive for new North building materials for the period 2024-2026. Of these, the company is expected to jump to the 6 billion mark in 2025, with higher performance and confidence in corporate development.
Nuclears will further enhance the profitability of the cardboard business. 2) Two-wing operations are accelerating. 2023H1 Waterproof business received $1.96 billion and profitability improved: the paint production capacity of the company after its acquisition of Gabriel will be rapidly increased from the current 103,000 tons to more than 1.3 million tons. 3) The cardboard plus business is expected to be released in the future. The company is working on synergies between the traditional cardboard and the cardboard plus business, depending on the maturity of the company.
Distribution channels, gypsum boards + future rapid release are expected. Waterproof operations affect companies’ cash flows, price increases for raw materials are higher than expected, and demand boosts are poor.