WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
Steady 1Q performance amid challenging environment
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB53.23
WuXi AppTec reported 1Q24 revenue of RMB7,982mn, down 11.0% YoY,
(Previous TP
RMB67.53)
attributable recurring net profit of RMB2,034mn, up 7.3% YoY, and attributable
Up/Downside
21.9%
adjusted non-IFRS net profit of RMB1,913mn, down 18.3% YoY. 1Q24 revenue
Current Price
RMB43.67
/ adjusted Non-IFRS net income accounted for 20.4%/ 16.8% of our 2024 full-
China Healthcare
year estimates, both moderately lower than historical ranges. Non-IFRS gross
profit margin deteriorated by 2.3ppt to 38.7% while non-IFRS net profit margin
Jill WU, CFA
decreased by 2.1ppt to 24.0% in 1Q24, due to the decline in CDMO revenue
from COVID commercial projects, pricing erosion, ramp-ups of new facilities in
its Testing and Biology segments, and escalating costs in its ATU segment.
Benchen HUANG, CFA
Non-COVID D&M revenue (in WuXi Chemistry segment) showed positive
growth in 1Q24, up 1.2% YoY. Despite a challenging start of 2024, mgt. has
upheld its revenue guidance of RMB38.3-40.5bn for 2024, projecting growth of
Stock Data
2.7% to 8.6% YoY, excluding revenues from COVID-19 commercial projects.
Furthermore, mgt. reiterated that the adjusted non-IFRS net profit margin would
be align with the 2023 level.
TIDES business continued to serve as a significant growth driver. In
Source: FactSet
1Q24, TIDES revenue delivered impressive growth of 43.1% YoY with
Shareholding Structure
substantial 110% YoY growth in backlog. Both revenue and backlog
maintained a strong momentum from a high base in 2023. Mgt. expects 60%
revenue growth for the TIDES business in 2024. Moreover, the additional
Source: Company
22k-liter solid-phase peptide synthesizers commenced operation in Jan
Share Performance
2024, enhancing the total capacity to 32k liters. Plans are in progress to
Absolute
Relative
expand new peptide production capacity in Taixing, Jiangsu, to meet robust
1-mth
-5.4%
-7.4%
3-mth
-19.4%
-27.6%
customer demand.
-49.5%
6-mth
-50.9%
Moderate recovery in clinical CRO&SMO business. In 1Q24, revenue
Source: FactSet
from the Clinical CRO&SMO segment grew by 11.0% YoY, with SMO
12-mth Price Performance
revenue increasing by 26.4% YoY. The growth aligns with the upward
and 1Q24. The demand in China's clinical stage pharmaceutical R&D is
expected to lead the recovery, mirroring the recovery pattern observed in
overseas markets since1Q23.
Solid customer relationships amid uncertainty. WiXi AppTec added
over 300 new clients in 1Q24, consistent with the level seen in 1Q23.
Source: FactSet
Encouragingly, revenue from global Top 20 pharmaceutical companies
reached RMB2.7bn (~34% of total revenue), indicating a YoY increase of
4.2% excluding COVID-19 commercial projects. However, mgt. admitted
that the draft of the Biosecure Act has started impacting WuXi ATU in
acquiring new clients and orders in the US market.
Maintain BUY. To factor in the uncertainties from geopolitical risks, we cut
our TP from RMB67.53 to RMB53.23 (based on a 10-year DCF model with
WACC of 10.73% and terminal growth of 2.0%). We forecast revenue to
grow by -5.6%/ +10.0%/ +12.5% YoY and adjusted non-IFRS net income to
grow by -12.4%/ +10.5%/ +16.4% YoY in 2024E/ 25E/ 26E, respectively.
Earnings Summary
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.