High performance growth in the second quarter, depending on the continued high growth of top global clients, high industry performance, high growth q2 \triangleright \triangleright
The company expects 21h1 to realize a net return of 1.280 billion yuan, or 249 per cent more, and a net gain of 910 million yuan, or 560 million yuan, or 197 per cent, or 61 per cent more. The major increase in performance over the same period is mainly due to: (1) strong domestic and foreign demand and the continued plentiful utilization of the company ' s productive capacity; (2) continued increased cost controls and active restructuring of the company ' s product structure. (3) On 3 June, the company
Completion of 8.6 per cent of the stock sale of Sjsemi, a wholly-owned subsidiary, affecting $290 million before the end of the period.
\triangleright 1) Multi-area sip technology, including the 5g mobile terminal area, in conjunction with large customer development and volume development, good global leadership, smart car dms system sip module development program is in the process of being validated. This year, the company further expanded its sip capacity, sip
It is hoped that this year’s growth will be the brightest. 2) Other advanced containment technologies (including wl-csp, fc, ewlb, pip, pop and the 2.5d/3d in development) are continuously promoted in the 5g, high performance calculations, consumer classes, automobiles and industrial areas.
Depending on top domestic and international clients, the business is booming across the board. Corporate clients cover top global mobile phone manufacturers, accesses, idm, surrogates, and working with large international clients to deepen their share continues to rise, while the integration effect is reflected in the return of large international customers, leading to an outbreak of order growth.
The most recent pettm valuation is 80-fold, and we believe that companies underestimate and maintain a “recommended” rating. Trade friction between the US and China has intensified, with large customers delivering less than expected.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.