Long-power technology h1 showed a strong growth in performance and financial indicators continued to improve 1.32 billion yuan in net profits, 370 million yuan in the same period in the previous year and 1.30 billion yuan in the previous year.
The demand for priority client orders was strong, with high performance growth in the first half of the year. The first half of the year, when revenues were higher than the previous half. 15.4 per cent of long electricity technology was reported, and net profit returns increased significantly, mainly as a result of the high value added and speed of corporate focus in recent years.
At the same time, factories at home and abroad have continued to increase their operational management capacity and actively adjust their technology and product structures, thereby continuing to promote higher profitability.
statschippacpte.ltd. Realized $764 million, an increase of 12.61 per cent over the same year; net profit, an increase of 2.72 percentage points. In terms of cost rates, sales/management costs/financial focus on key applications in the first half of the year.
In key applications such as 5g communications, high performance computing, consumption, automobiles and industry, industry leads in the field of sip, wl-csp, fc, ewlb, pip, pop and the 2.5d/3d under development, as well as hybrid signal/radio frequency integrated circuit tests and resources.
In the market, Starcombing has accumulated more than a decade of experience in large fcbga containment testing techniques, widely recognized by clients. In the 5g mobile terminal area, the company pre-positions high-density system-level sip technology, and performs multiple 5g radio frequency module development and volume production in conjunction with multiple international high-end clients.
In the area of vehicle-borne electronics, the company has a dedicated auto-electronic fabric with product types covering a variety of car electronics applications such as information entertainment, adas, sensors and electronic systems. In the area of semiconductor storage markets, the company’s sealing services cover a variety of stocks such as dram, flash, usb, ssd, etc.
The storage chip, the Starcombing plant, has more than 20 years of production experience, and 16 layers of chip stacking have been produced. Long Power Technology: Strong Demand for Orders, High Performance Growth.
Long Power Technology: q3 Performance Directions Over-expected, Growth Dynamics Long Power Technology: q1 Reversed, Capturing Dragon Positions 20200430
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.