The semi-annual performance forecast for 2021: the industry’s flagship effects are highlighted, the benefits are fully captured, the orders are saturated, the product structure is optimized, and performance is record high in a single quarter: the company 2021
There has been a strong demand for domestic and foreign customer orders, with a sharp rise in corporate revenue ratios. Domestic and foreign factories have continued to increase their cost and operating cost controls, actively restructure their products, and continue to promote higher profitability.
The management continues to strengthen synergies among firms in the group, upgrade technological innovation capabilities and enrich production, provide first-class products and services to domestic and foreign households, and lay a solid foundation for long-term sustainable corporate development.
The industry is well-established and fully benefits from monitoring the high-intensity situation: global production-control capabilities are conflicting in supply and demand, sharp, market demand is strong in such areas as wire-encapsulation, inverted, convecture and crystal-crystal seals, and related sealing orders are full, with high capacity utilization. Companies are the third largest in China and the third largest in the world.
As production capacity continues to increase, the strength of firms is expected to increase further, while production regions complement each other, with technological features and competitive advantages, and cover the low, medium and high ends.
In the area of encapsulation testing, there is a clear advantage in such advanced areas as sip, wl-csp, 2.5d envelopes, which are expected to benefit fully from the current high-profile state of the closed market.
Governance continues to be optimized, growth potential released, capital spending is RMB 4.3 billion, companies continue to strengthen their advanced technology research and development capabilities, building up their professions, 2, Long-Range Technology (600584), both internally and externally.
At the same time, the company is working with factories to advance the benefits,3 Long Power Technology (600584); Advanced management, optimize supply chain efficiency and cost control, restructure products, and consolidate the development of quality customers.
At present, the capacity of the company’s domestic plant for containment services is constantly improving, and the production of products, such as vehicle-borne safety, is continuously increasing.
With the ever-increasing scale of automobile electronics, 5g, and so on, Singapore’s plant management efficiency and capacity utilization rates have steadily improved and profitability has improved.
Moving forward, corporate profitability is expected to increase continuously, and future performance growth will be dynamic.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: as companies apply market seals in high-growth applications, public revenue and profitability are expected to increase steadily, and we return the company to net profits in 2021/2022.2023
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board