The company now produces 3.2 million tonnes/year of synthetic ammonia.
urea 1.8 million tonnes/year, dmf 250,000 tonnes/year, acetic acid 500,000 tonnes/year, adipic acid 160,000 tonnes/Lilong Sea Year, ethanol 50,000 tonnes/year, nitrate 300,000 tonnes/year, polyol 200,000 tonnes/year, melamine
50,000 tonnes/year, 50,000 tonnes/year of acetic anhydride, which has been successfully developed into a domestically competitive s034051200006 company with significantly better profitability than the same listed company.
Overcapacity, and many businesses that have lost their profits or have lost their profits, and Wallu Hisung-Il is still able to maintain a better analysis of why. The company’s profitability is clearly better than that of its kind of listed companies for many years, not by chance, but by necessity, which is an intrinsic element of the enterprise, which is determined by these intrinsic factors.
Roe (ttm) becomes the core competitiveness of companies that emerge from the industry. Here we analyse the company’s underlying factors, mainly from the following: 1; technological advantage; cost advantage of the company; 2; “I”
First multi-line industrial chain advantage, flexible production, maximization of benefits; 3, corporate cost control; higher prices for beneficial products. urea: the company's latest bid was $1910 per ton, compared to $1.660 per ton over the same period last year.
Acetic acid: the company’s latest bid was $4,500 per ton, compared to $2,700 per ton in 2017 and $3575 per ton in November 2017.
ethanol will be a point of growth in company performance. The 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project is expected to generate $3.5 billion this year; the new project is expected to have a net gain of around $2,000, fully postpartum.
To give companies a “recommended” investment rating. By relying on clean gasification technology, the company focuses on the pooling of resources, building a “one-way” revolving economy flexible multi-production business model that adapts production patterns and product structures in a timely manner to changes in product markets and maximizes benefits.
Through continuous energy efficiency and environmental change, maintaining the technological and cost advantages of coal industry and industry, companies are significantly more profitable than their own listed companies. Through endogenous growth, companies have developed into one of the most competitive major coal industry firms in the country, the 500,000 tons ethanol project.
“Recommend” investment ratings to companies.
Co-sponsored by an enterprise, which changed the stock system in 2000 and was listed in June 2002, the company’s main business was the production and sale of urea, which, after expanding the scale of its products, extended the industrial chain, built on clean gasification technology, focused on the integrated use of resources, and created a “multiline” model of flexible multi-product operations for the circular economy.
Production and sale of fertilizers and chemical products, including urea, acetic acids and derivatives, dmf, adipic acids and intermediates, organamines, ethylene diol, etc.
50,000 tonnes/year and 50,000 tonnes/year of acetic anhydride have been successfully developed into a large, competitive coal-chemical industry in the country. Companies have taken full advantage of the multiplicity of cogeneration advantages, adapting production patterns and product structures in a timely manner in response to market changes, digging deep into the platform’s potential for efficiency gains, and continuing revenue-saving activities to maximize benefits.
Over the last four years, the net equity returns of companies have been more than 10%, clearly better than those of similar listed companies, with less volatility. Especially in 2015, 2016, most chemical products suffered from low prices, overcapacity, and many businesses have lost their micro-profits, while the WalluHiniya can still maintain better profits, which is typical of “road-tightened horsepower.”
In the last four years, the combined Māori rate for corporate products has been around 20 per cent, clearly better than for comparable listed companies and less volatile. 3. Corporate profitability is significantly better than the reason analysis for similar listed companies.
It's a firm's intrinsic factor, and these intrinsic factors are the core that Wallu Hisung-chung can pull out of the industry, and we're here mainly to analyse the company's intrinsic factors in the following areas: (1), technological advantage, corporate cost advantage: (2), “multiline” industrial chain advantage, flexible production, maximization of benefits: (3), corporate cost control.
A key point in the Walluhein upgrading chain is gasification, which is the core production technology and, at the same time, the main step in controlling production costs. Gasification technology is the delivery of properly treated coal into reactors, such as gas.
In the furnace, at a certain temperature and pressure, through oxidizers (air or oxygen and vapour) converted into gases in a certain flow mode (mobile beds, fluid beds or carrying beds) with a crude water gas, which can be obtained through processes such as subsequent devulcanization of carbon to refined carbon monoxide.
The company uses water slurry gasification technology to replace the traditional gui stationary gasification process, which uses multiple nozzle (four nozzles) water slurry plus gasification, which is a pressured gas flow bed process. The gas furnace of this technology converts the Texaco single nozzle to a pair of nozzles, which enhances heat transfer, with a carbon conversion rate of more than 98% compared to coal consumption.
A reduction of about 2.2 per cent, a 6.6 per cent reduction in oxygen consumption, and a more flexible regulation of loads than single nozzle gas furnaces. Advanced clean gas technologies use lower-priced coal (brown coal) as the main raw material for production, while the industry uses the traditional fixed-bed process in large quantities, forcing production to use smoke-free coal at higher prices than none in the country.
The price of coal is 300-500 yuan/tonne, so that the cost of synthesizing gas in Waruhein is significantly lower than the industry average, and companies use synthetic gas to produce coal-based products such as urea, methanol, which are lower than the industry average, as reflected in the company's product Māori rates are higher than those of industry-like listed companies.
Figure 7: Comparison of prices of smoke-free and smoke-free coal and coal, in addition, companies are focusing heavily on reducing efficiency gains, increasing production efficiency through technological modifications, optimizing production processes, reducing energy consumption and so on, further reducing the cost of production and increasing the cost advantage of the company and making it public.
In April 2016, the company issued a bulletin on the project for the improvement of energy-saving technologies for the construction of space-based sub-devices to invest $506 million in energy-efficient technologies for space-based sub-devices.
The adaptation project and the coal localization and power restructuring of raw materials, both of which are home-grown devices, are produced on a smaller scale, with low equipment levels and high unit output operating energy consumption, resulting in higher oxygen production costs. In addition, the 2# space-discrete air-pressors are unable to achieve design capacity because of the compressor's asthma problems, which affect production of downstream support systems.
Large-scale nm3/h oxygen supply devices, using advanced energy-efficient production processes, will significantly reduce the energy consumption and fresh water use of single-bit oxygen products upon completion of the project.
On 26 August 2014, the company announced its intention to invest in a project for the upgrading of traditional industries and the integrated use of cleaner production: the project planned to invest 2,831 million yuan, and the new project introduced advanced water-coalption technologies to build an annual production unit for the production of the base gas (co+h2) with an annual capacity of 1,368 million nm3 (approximately 1 million tons of ammonia synthesis capacity), replacing it.
Synthetic gas production devices using traditional gui fixed-bed gasification technologies can further reduce feedstock coal and utility engineering consumption and effectively reduce environmental pollution. On 9 October 2017, the company announced an item 3.2 “Multi-line” industrial chain advantage, flexible production and maximization of benefits.
The so-called “multiline” is based on clean gasification technology, with synthetic gas production as a platform for co-production of intermediate products such as ammonia, methanol and co, which can be further processed to produce end products such as urea, carbon monochemistry, and lysium synthesis, because of the flexibility to regulate the various products in production, so it is called flexible multi-production.
High utilization rates, near non-waste generation, all gas from coal head are used to produce products, and the cost of the various products is spread over the profits of the raw materials. Companies actually operate in a way that allows inter-product, inter-system, inter-campus co-generation depending on market changes.
For example, synthetic ammonia and methanol can be regulated by producing urea when urea is high, urea when urea is high, urea when urea is high, urea is produced when urea falls by 1,200 yuan per ton in mid-2016, urea production is largely unprofitable, and companies can start urea at the lowest rate and increase it at the same time.
Production of methanol, reduction of methanol extraction, and cost savings; diamamine and triamamine can be co-produced, and diamamine can be produced directly, dmf, which can also be associated with market changes. These cogenerations, which are highly interlocking with the market, result in a particularly high combined use of corporate raw materials, strong synergies, maximization of benefits and, to a certain extent, even even even a certain degree.
The impact of industrial cycle fluctuations. 3.3 Corporate cost control capacity. Corporate cost rates are significantly lower than industry averages. In recent years, company-time costs have been around 7 per cent, with management fees.
At around 2%, this rate is very low in the manufacturing industry as a whole, reflecting the very good management capacity of the company. In 2016, for example, the company ' s duration was 5.99%, compared to the industry ' s companies Hubeit, Ruzi Chemical, 17.49% and 12.76%, respectively; the company ' s management rate was 2.00%, compared to the industry ' s company Hubei.
The administrative costs for the chemical industry are 3.89 per cent and 4.25 per cent, respectively. The equivalent of one-half of the costs for companies compared with the industry is particularly important for making a profit in the traditional excess-capacity sector competition.
The prices of company-owned business products have increased to varying degrees, as a result of environmental tightening, better demand, cost-driven, supply-side reforms, and “shocking.” Companies will benefit significantly, and as prices rise, companies will perform urea: the latest price of the Wallau Heung is currently $1910 per ton, compared to $1.660 per ton in 2017.
The price of the plant rose at an accelerated rate from $1740/tonne in November 2017 to $2050/t. dmf: the current latest bid for the Wallau Henglew is $6550/t, compared to $4750/t in the same period in 2017. The price has been at a high level of around $6,000/t since June 2017.
Acetic acid: The latest bid from the Hualuheungl is now $4,500 per ton, compared to $2,700 per ton in 2017, and the price of acetic acid has increased at an accelerated rate since $3575 per ton in November 2017. ethanol products are mainly used in the production of polyester resins, anti-frozen fluids and adhesives, paint solutions, cold lubricant, lubricant-resistant oils,
surfactants, etc.. Currently there are two main processes, ethylene ethylene ethanol and coal ethylene, which are mainly for the production of ethylene from methanol and glycerine, which are oxidized, hydrated and synthesized with ethylene; coal ethanol, which includes direct methods from natural gas or coal (synthetic gas-ethanol), indirect synthesis (synthetic hydrocarbons, herbate, etc.); and
Biomass based on biomass. The ethylene process dominates the country, accounting for about 70% of total production capacity.
As can be seen from the graph below, the coal-based ethanol industry has the highest rate of ethanol start-up, which is largely full and very stable.
On April 30, 2016, the company announced its investment in the 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project, amounting to 2,674 million.
Two years of construction, expected to take place in the first half of 2018. Previously, the company’s 50,000-ton/year ethanol project had invested more than $500 million, and the depreciation cost per ton of 500,000-ton ethanol project would have been significantly reduced, along with the scalding effect and productivity improvements, and the company’s future cost of ethanol was expected to be significantly reduced.
As crude oil prices rebounded and fueled the rise in the price of ethanol around the ring, the main market price for ethanol is now over $8,000 per ton. The 500,000 tonnes of ethanol project is expected to earn 3.5 billion yuan per year after the birth, based on an annual average price of $7,000 per ton. The company ' s 50,000 tonnes of ethanol project, about $1,500 per ton net gain, and the new project is net of 1 ton.
The import of ethanol is subject to insufficient supply of ethylene raw materials and inadequate coal-chemical technology, and a long-standing supply and demand gap for ethanol in the country, dependent on imports. Domestic ethanol production in 2007 was 2.08 million tons, yielding 1.82 million tons of ethylene.
The rate was 87.5 per cent; in 2016, it was 8.34 million tons, 5.06 million tons, with a 60.7 per cent capacity utilization rate, although domestic capacity expansion was faster, it was decreasing owing to the expansion of capacity, mainly coal-based ethanol, which could not be produced steadily owing to inadequate technology, equipment and product quality that did not meet polyester standards.
Due to the inability of the domestic production of ethanol to meet the rapid increase in downstream demand, ethanol was used in 2016 at a nominal level of 1,259 million tons, while production was only 5.06 million tons, imports were 7.57 million tons, and imports were self-sustaining at 60%. By relying on clean gasification technologies, the company focused on the integrated use of resources, creating a “one-way-by-one” revolving economy
A flexible multi-product business model that adapts production patterns and product structures in a timely manner to changes in the product market and achieves the greatest benefits. Companies have successfully developed into the most competitive domestic firms through endogenous growth through continuous energy efficiency and environmental change, maintaining technology and cost advantages for coal-chemicals and industry leaders.
This rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude, independent and objective presence.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.