The power plant has a new infrastructure capacity, and it's going back to sea, and it's going to power and distribute the power, and it's not afraid of the industry cycle: it's the rare private sector that delivers and distributes electricity south of the Yangtze.
Enterprises, with a combined growth rate of 16% in business income and a 17% increase in net profit compound in the period 2011–19, compared to a 5% increase in grid investment during the same period. Companies have been able to achieve a higher rate of growth than industry, mainly because of their clear strategy of continuously optimizing the structure of products, distribution and distribution equipment through in-house nurturing and foreign investment.
Extension of the industrial chain, profitability and resilience to risk have been steadily increased. According to company announcements, in 2020, the distribution and distribution equipment categories were comprehensive and focused on four main categories: the transmission and distribution of electricity by companies, namely, switches, wiring, incompetence and smart equipment.
Presses, including isolation switches, circuit breakers, gis, etc., are about 15% of the city, ranking in the first echelon. Uncompensated products include capacitors, electrical electronic set-ups, etc. The market is second only to the national grid in the national network competitions. Nan Swe's relays and Middle Pry, in areas such as electricity generation from new sources outside the grid, have a higher share of companies, but not companies.
In ultra-high-pressure areas, companies’ products are expected to become new growth points in overseas markets: using the advantages of their products in the field of transmission and distribution, they started to install overseas markets in 2009. Corporate products now cover Russia, India, Ukraine, Pakistan, the United Kingdom, etc.
Dozens of countries and regions, along with their overseas epc operations, have made significant progress. In 2019, companies added about $1.6 billion to their overseas orders, about half of which were for epc operations, mainly in Africa, Pakistan, etc.
The industrial chain extends out and opens up long-term growth space; in 2017, the company replenished the carbon energy of the ferret, one of the leading companies in the core technology of the French electrodes and the super-container (the other was acquired by Tesla as a maxwell), becoming a small number of companies in the country capable of seizing the new battery market with Tesla.
In addition, the company was involved in the acquisition of the Changju Tung Chi transformer, the introduction and absorption of the Toshiba transformer technology, and the further improvement of the company’s layout in the field of electrical equipment. The company has also established the Timi Automobile (automobile electron), Shanghai Reflux (silicon flow) and Shanghai Land Crucers (power semiconductor devices) and so on, and its operations are gradually moving up and down the industrial chain.
Ideas Electrology: Into the weather cycle, performance is expected to continue to be high, and the construction of the new infrastructure grid is expected to continue at a faster pace: the national network has increased its investment from $408 billion at the beginning of the year, against the background of the central rhythm of economic recovery in the wake of the domestic epidemic and the accelerated start of the “New Capital” super-high-pressure project.
According to the national grid, the priority grid project ' s forward work plan for 2020, two direct five-to-seven ultra-high-pressure lines will be approved for start-up in 2020, and three additional ultra-high-pressure straight-flow projects will enter the pre-research phase.
The purchase of 220kv-500kv transmission-to-power equipment is expected to continue to grow. The long-run profits are expected to pick up: the company’s primary product is priced on a cost-plus basis, raw materials as a percentage of production costs are lower than the price, and the company’s Māori ratio has increased since 2019.
As domestic networks become more stringent in their regulation of suppliers, suppliers with weaker production-line management capabilities will gradually withdraw from competitive bidding on national-line projects, and industry competition patterns are expected to improve. The investment proposal is that Ideal is the home country’s rare supplier of electricity transmission and distribution equipment, with excellent products and management.
The company has been growing steadily over the years. In 2019-2021, we forecast its operating income to be $7.93 billion, I. The backbone of the transmission and distribution equipment and the breakthrough in (i) the transmission and distribution of good private companies, with a full range of operations.
The company’s main product is 550kv and below, Gis, 220kv and below, and 750kv, and the follow-up and monitoring system.
The following sf6 circuit breakers and isolation switches, 1000 kv and below, 1000 kv and below electrical capacitors, 500 kv and below, direct flow breakers, 220kv and below, 66kv and below neutral point connectors, 66kv and below electric resistors, dynamic incompetence compensation, active filtering, recharge pegs, oil chromatography and online monitoring systems.
Figure 1: Composition of the company’s founder, Tse Ping, Chen Bangdong, Li Xia, all graduated from the high voltage program at the Shanghai Transport University and the Chinese Technical University of China, with a deep professional background.
Xia resigned from the post of company director and deputy general manager in 2006-2007. As of the first quarter of 2020, the first shareholder had an equity interest of 17.29% of the company, the firm's real owner, and the second shareholder, Chen Bangdong, had an interest of 12.68% of the company, which is consistent.
In December 2002, by entering the area of high-pressure electrical equipment manufacturing, the condensed coils were placed on the market in late 2004. In September 2007, in view of the increased market demand for gis and the geographical advantages of Shanghai, the company established the Shanghai Thoughts Department based on high-pressure Gis.
In 2008 - 2009, the company began to deploy a dynamic incompetence compensation device (svg), a source filtering device (afc), relay protection equipment, etc., and set up a condensed transmission and distribution board overseas operation.
In 2016, the company set up a war electrical power plant, officially entering the field of electrical equipment-type detection products and services. From 2017 to date, the company has been involved in the production of carbon alloys (super-container), rice cars (motor electrons), Xin Dongji (moderator), Shanghai Retiring Plant (silicon fluids), Shanghai Trailer (power semiconductor devices) and gradually operating.
The company currently operates in five main categories, namely, switches, coils, incompetence, smart equipment, and engineering, respectively.
The main products include high voltage switches, capacitors, sensors, follow-on protection, surveillance, monitoring systems, incompetence compensation, source filters, etc. Core electrical equipment.
The company ' s combined business income increased by 16% in 201119, and the net profit compound increased by 17%, while electricity, growing and investing in the continuous distribution of power distribution equipment, continuously optimizing the product structure, extension of the industrial chain, profitability and resilience to risk increased steadily during the same period. According to the company ' s announcement, the net return profit is expected to increase by $30-40 million in the first half of 2020.
Each year, affected by increased competition in the electricity and equipment sector, corporate Māori rates are on a downward trend, with industry competition patterns optimized as the network strengthens supplier quality control and bid management, and the company ' s Māori rate is expected to pick up in 2020. The company ' s new orders in 2019 (iii) are in a healthy financial position and run a good cash flow.
In terms of cash flows, the cash flow of companies operating is more stable than their counterparts’ performance and less subject to cyclical fluctuations in grid investment, mainly because of the company’s product diversity and the continued development of new products to create profit points. The company’s Roe level is also affected by the electricity network’s investment cycle, but has recovered significantly over the last three years, thanks to higher net interest rates, and is already at the forefront of the industry.
Figure 8: Comparison of cash flows of Thought Electric with comparable companies, Figure 9: Comparison of Thought Electric with comparable Roe. The Māori performance of companies is more stable than that of peers, showing greater cost-control capabilities, but is subject to long-term competition in the transmission and distribution sector
The company’s R & D spending ratio is at the top of the industry, well above the national grid power supply department, and maintaining a leading edge in high R & D inputs is one of the reasons why companies can maintain a higher M & A rate. From client concentration, the company’s top five clients sold 15.8% before 2019, far below their peers’ 75% plus.
Annual accounts receivable turnover of 145 days, well below the peer average of 300+ days, mainly due to the long period of time of the grid enterprise, and, secondly, to the combination of internal and internal outreach and expansion of the growth space (i) the comprehensive and focused distribution of equipment categories
The coil products consist mainly of condensed coils, sensors, etc., which are used in voltage distribution grids in 6~66kv, avoid electrical arcs at the point of transmission of the grid when the grid is malfunctioning, and increase grid power reliability: voltage/flux sensors are mainly used in the grid One side voltage/ current measurement, market space is huge.
As early as 1996, the company introduced the arcs, leading the country in this area, with the city ranking for the first three years, the company’s traditional superior product, and a more stable pattern of competition in the market. The company continued to expand in the domain of the sensors, which, according to the official network information, have passed through many other countries, including the United Kingdom, Brazil, Chile, Mexico, Russia, and others, taking advantage of the preponderance of online products.
Overseas market certification, which accounts for more than 25% of the overseas market, is the company’s dominant product. According to tender data from the 2019 national grid conversion equipment collection, companies won 28,568,000 yuan in arcs and 140 million yuan in sensors, with municipalities accounting for 31 per cent and 25 per cent, respectively, in the first place.
Switch-type products consist mainly of 110-550kv high voltage switches, including isolation switches, circuit breakers, gis, all devices responsible for circuit cut-off, shut-down, gas-insulated metal closure switches (gis), which are circuit breakers, isolation switches, ground switches, ct, pt, mine-avoidance devices, etc., and integrated transformer stations enclosed in sealed metal casings, which have the advantage of being small and closed.
Technology barriers are relatively high. In 2007, companies entered the field of gis, and today their market share is second only to the traditional high-pressure switches, which are produced by high-pressure and thought-source high-pressure production, such as high-pressure with over 50 years of R & D and production experience in the high-pressure sector.
In 2019, in a centralized tender for grid switching equipment, companies sequestered switches, circuit breakers, Gis bid for $110 million, $130 million and $550 million, respectively.
17 per cent and 13 per cent, ranked third, third and fourth. Figure 17: NCN 2019 bid (circuit breakers) Figure 16: NCN 2019 bid (combined appliances)
Products of the incompetence category, such as capacitors, electrical electronic sets (e.g. static incompensation devices, svg), which are mainly used in the grids of photovoltaic and wind power stations, can improve the energy quality of the grid and increase its stability and reliability. The company began to deploy the business in 2004-2008, and with strong R & D advantages and excellent cost management capabilities, it has been able to do so.
According to data from the 2019 tender for centralized grid transformer equipment, the company ' s capacitors (including svg) won 110 million yuan, with 14% of the city in third place, after the NSN ' s Svg Svg products were also widely recognized, accounting for about 90% of the company ' s svg ' s revenues, and are expected to generate electricity in the future with new energy sources.
In the area of ultra-high voltage, the company ' s products are dominated by high voltage sensors and high voltage capacitors, which account for about 20-30% of the city. The company ' s capacitors and sensors products, which in 2019 were successively followed by 800 kv-North-Wuhan, 800kv-Central-Gangxi, 800kv-Qinghai-Hannan, 1,000kv-North-Yon, etc., are expected to have a public high-pressure project based on a 14-16-month confirmation cycle for the ultra-high pressure project.
The Division’s 2019 winning order is expected to be confirmed in 2020. (ii) Overseas markets are expected to become new growth points. Companies began to deploy overseas markets in 2009, taking advantage of their product advantages in the area of transmission and distribution and their accumulated customer resources over time.
The company’s products now cover dozens of countries and regions such as Russia, India, Ukraine, Pakistan, and the United Kingdom, while the overseas epc business has grown considerably. In 2019, the company added about $1.6 billion to its overseas orders, about half of which was in the total epc packaging industry, mainly in Africa, Pakistan, and so on.
The company is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate. (iii) The industrial chain extends out, opening up long-term growth space.
Voltage presses, Shanghai clean-up plants (silicon flowers), Shanghai land cores (power semiconductor devices), which are gradually moving up and down the industrial chain, are expected to open up long-term growth space. Dry-power & Super Capacitors: company 2017 recapitalized fertiliser carbon energy, the latter being the control of dry electrodes and supercontainer cores.
One of the leading companies in heart technology (the other is the maxwell acquired by Tesla). The dry electrode process can significantly increase the energy density, power rate and life cycle of the new energy source car batteries, while reducing the cost by 20-30%, while the superconductor can provide the energy that cars need immediately.
Cars and electronics: In 2018, the company set up a car with rice to enter the electronics sector, and in 2019, the super-electric stop-out module developed by a car with rice has already been produced in Volvo. In addition, the company set up sechsa in Switzerland has acquired internationally renowned cars.
Electronics components company ' s superconductor supply point notification: transformer: company acquired the Changju Tung Chi transformer (jointly with Toshiba) in 2018, fully introduced and absorbed the Toshiba transformer technology through a technology transfer agreement with Toshiba, adding a variety of special changes in voltage levels, current conversions, furnace transformations, etc.
The company’s acquisition in 2018 of clean-up capacity is expected to induce the company’s other products to enter the urban pipeline.
Power semiconductors: Power semiconductors (e.g., igbt, etc.) are nuclear instruments for electrical electronics such as transform valves, non-power compensation devices, which currently depend mainly on imports, supply shortages, high prices, etc. Shanghai Land kernels were established in Shanghai in May 2017, the main power semiconductors were designed and applied, and the core members led the opening of several high pressure semiconductor software platforms.
The company’s participation in the Shanghai land core in 2019 helped to build a long-term stable partnership in the direction of power semiconductor applications. Thirdly, the construction of the new infrastructure grid is over-expected, leading profits are expected to recover (i) the investment in the new infrastructure supply grid plus codes, and the development of the super-high pressure has accelerated.