Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Corporation research -- a (601012ch)
The largest single crystal silicon manufacturer in the world. Lungi is the world's largest manufacturer of single crystal silicon, batteries, and high-efficiency components. The company is recognized by a stock market investor as the world's highest-market producer of photovoltaic trades. Through us, we have market trends, products.
In terms of both supply and demand, and product prices, we believe that Lungi will further elevate his market leadership and hopefully become a photovoltaic giant of the solar price-parity era.
The demand for single crystalline silicon products has increased significantly with the advent of a wave of light-voltage flat-priced Internet access. In recent years, as the cost of developing non-nuclear components has increased, so has the efficiency requirements of downstream power station developers. With single-crystal battery technology as high as 26.7%, we believe that single-crystal battery technology is currently the best.
Technology responds to the current market demand for battery efficiency. Market information on cpia and intrpv also shows a more favourable trend in market demand for monocrystal products, with market shares of single crystal components reaching 40-45% in 2018.
The supply of efficient single crystal silicon tablets will continue to be tight. We believe the supply of single crystal silicon tablets in 2019-21 will continue to be tight, mainly because of battery technology that wants to switch perc battery capacity. We measure the demand for single crystal silicon tablets in 2019-21 at 69/88/109 GW, while perc battery production will be able to reach 2019.
More than 100 GW. We expect perc battery capacity to grow faster than single crystal silicone, which will result in tight supply of single crystal silicone in 2019-21. For these reasons, we expect the leading single silicone supplier to remain full in 2019-21.
We believe that Lungi is behind compared to his photovoltaic counterparts. On the basis of 1) the cost of multiple crystal silicone is declining markedly, 2) future price trends for photovoltaic products are expected to be stable, and 3) the company has the ability to organize low-cost expansion schemes, and we expect Lungi will be able to do so.
We believe that Lungi will have a high profitability profile. Based on the cost structure of the company’s products, which are now leading partners, and its strong financing capacity to support the failure to do so.
In terms of expanding production capacity, we believe that companies should have a reasonable valuation of the 17.4-fold average forward-looking market surplus for their colleagues.
Figure 1: cpia predicts that the market share of single crystal silicon will continue to grow in the coming years
Lungi's green energy (hereinafter Lungi, 601012ch) is the world's largest producer of photovoltaic monocrysil tablets, batteries and components. The company was founded in 2000 and has focused on the development of p monocrystal products for more than 19 years. After years of development, Lungi has built technological advantages in the development of low-cost monocrysil tablets and efficient monocrystal components.
Single crystal silicon and component capacity have expanded to 28 and 8.8 gigawatts, respectively, while at the same time obtaining more than 40% of the market share in the single silicone market. Companies have been listed in 2012, and have gained market recognition.
Starting with a single crystal silicon bar, it extends to a photovoltaic power station. Lungi's single crystal silicon manufacturing operations cover single crystal silicon bars, silicon chips, batteries, and highly efficient single crystal components. The company also extends its business further downstream, including the development of ground and distributed power station projects, e.c. services, and the provision of various photovoltaics.
Station solution. Single crystal silicon and assembly sales are the core of Lungi's business, which together accounted for the company's sales in 2018, the expansion path and the layout of its production facilities.
The company created Ning Shalongi in Ningxia in 2006 to focus on the production of monosilicon. During the expansion of Lungi’s industry, the company made several breakthroughs, including 1) the company placed silicon sticks and silicon production capacity in low-priced areas; 2) a long-term strategic partnership with the millers of long-crystal equipment; and 3) the company took the lead in the cutting of the goldline.
The production facilities of Lungi have been expanding rapidly in several production bases, including Xianan, Ningxia, Yunnan, Zhejiang, Anhui, and Gujin, Malaysia, where the location and distribution layout of each production facility have a different focus.
It was Lungi's headquarters that focused on the production of silicon cutters, batteries and components; Ningxia and Yunnan production bases focused on the production of more energy-intensive silicon bars and silicon cutting at low local prices; Jiangsu, Anhui and Zhejiang production bases were responsible for the production of single crystal components to take advantage of the better local logistics maritime position; and, in the case of Gujin, Malaysia, it was in response to the subside.
By the end of 2018, Lungi had completed the manufacture of 28 gigawatts of single silicon, 4 gigawatt batteries, and 8.8 gigawatts of single crystal components. According to the company’s development plan for the three years 2019-21, in the next three years, the Lungi Plan 1) expanded the capacity of single crystal silicone production to 36/50/65 gigawatts, respectively; and 2) the capacity of single crystal battery production to reach 36/50/65 gigawatts.
10/15/20 GW; 3) monocrystal component capacity expanded to 16/25/30 GW. The company plans to strengthen its current leading position in monocrystal products through the above-mentioned expansion of capacity.
The cost of non-components for photovoltaic projects has become more pronounced in recent years, and in recent years, a series of technological breakthroughs in the field of photovoltaic technology and increasing market competition have led to a rapid decline in the composition of photovoltaic components and have established a trend towards increasing demand for monocrystal silicon products.
The average annual decline in the prices of components and single crystal components from 2015 to 2018 was 28.2 per cent and 27.6 per cent, respectively, combined with the US National Renewable Energy Laboratory ' s study based on the first quarter of 2018, where photovoltaic components accounted for less than 50 per cent and 30 per cent of the cost of the U.S. Photovoltaic power station system, respectively, of large terrestrial power stations and distributed commercial projects.
The change in cost structure has prompted the photovoltaic industry to explore more effective options to further reduce the system costs of project development, and the core of the solution is clearly component efficiency. The enhancement of component efficiency helps spread the costs of system development, including land costs for the installation of photovoltaic power plants, and manual installation costs. Further development of the photovoltaic project needs to be at the current cost.
Based on the benefits of finding the right technology to further increase the PV efficiency of photovoltaic components. Figure 12: Comparison of the costs of different photovoltaic systems in the United States.
In the case of single crystal batteries and components (including multiple crystalline silicone, silicone membrane, silicone membrane and silicone technology) the highest laboratory efficiency was achieved, at 26.7 per cent and 24.4 per cent, respectively, during the last 10 years, the market and industry have matched multiple crystal silicon components with single crystal silicon components as approximation technology.
More crystal silicon components maintain an efficiency advantage of 1-1.5 percentage points. In addition, over the past five years, we have observed a significant decline in the production of single crystal products faster than multiple crystal silicon products.
Figure 13: Laboratory development of solar cell efficiency Single crystal silicon products gradually increasing market share starting in 2015 and the economic value of component efficiency is obvious as the non-component costs of photovoltaic projects become more and more important.
The more efficient the voltage component is, the more powerful it will be, the more powerful it will be, the more powerful it will be for the developers of the photovoltaic power plant from the cost of bos, the cost of renting and acquiring land and roofs, the cost of installed labour, and other fixed components. In our understanding, the more the project developers will be in areas where we believe the cost of non-components is higher.
According to psegmbh, the single crystal silicon component began to reverse the declining market rate from 2015 and was subsequently given a very significant market space. Cpia and intrpv data also showed the market rate for the single crystal component in 2018.
Figure 15: The market share trend for monocrystal components has been reversed since 2015, and after many years of competition and industrial integration, the market for solar silicon is now operating in a competitive market pattern. There are currently three main silicon suppliers in the market, Lungi, Tianjin Central Circulatory (medium ring shares, 002129ch), insurance.
Li Xingk (3800hk, holding) and several vertically integrated components such as the crystal energy (jksus) and the Ats Sunsiqus have their own internal supply of silicon. In single crystal silicon silicon market, Lungi and the Central Ring, the shares form a double-head supply of single silicone, while the Paul Xin focuses on the manufacture and sale of multiple silicon tablets.
Jiva, and 25 Jivas, while other vertically integrated components will produce about 30 JVs to meet the demand for internal components for silicon. Based on our assessment of the global need for light-voltage machines, we believe that the global demand for silicon will be largely met by three large silicon plants and vertically integrated component suppliers, making the market useful to the other traditional ones.
Three-way silicon manufacturers have a more pronounced excess capacity, and the supply of efficient single crystal silicon will be in a tight state.
When the battery produces, we think that the supply of single crystal silicon will be in a tight state in 2019-20e. The perc technology, namely the passivation emitters and back battery technology, is currently the most cost-effective and efficient battery cell technology, which has been applied on a large scale since 2017 in the photovoltaic cell phase. Access information based on our channels, perc cell output per gigawatt.
Capital spending is about 300 million yuan. Based on the current significant monocrystal premium level for multi-crystal products, we expect that perc battery manufacturers will be more willing to import the new perc battery capacity they are using, which will boost the city’s demand for monocrystal silicon.
We predict global light voltage machines in 2019-21e to be 115/133/153 GW, corresponding to 55/60/65 per cent market penetration of the annual averages in 2018-21, and we measure market demand for single crystal silicon tablets in 2019-21, which will be more than 100 GW, significantly higher than we expected for single crystal silicon tablets.
The release of single crystal silicone is significantly faster than the growth in production capacity, and we believe that supply of single crystal silicon will continue in a tight state between 2019 and 2020, and that supply stress will ease as new capacity is invested in 2021. Based on these findings, we expect the industry’s leading monocrysilica producers to remain fully sold in 2019-21.
We believe that Lungi’s continued concern for production costs is key to the company’s ability to sustain profitability and achieve its long-term success. We summarize several Lungi measures for cost control, including:
1) Installation of single-crystal silicon bar production facilities in low-cost areas: Lungi is the industry's first enterprise to place the production of the energy sheet in Ningxia and Yunnan, using local low-cost electricity costs for production of single-crystal silicon bars; 2) strategic partnerships with major suppliers of production equipment to reduce the cost of expansion while reducing the cost of production capacity
Depreciation costs per unit of product; 3) Continued R & D investment to achieve a technological breakthrough, a successful gold cut technology revolution in 2015, a continuous rolling up of monocrystal products, and our expectation that the firm's ambitious expansion targets will help the company to further increase its scale
The first step, in 2014-16, was when Lungi took the lead in introducing diamond cutting and successfully raised the production efficiency of single crystal silicone.
We measure the company ' s non-silicon costs from the 2014 RMB3.15 to the 2016 RMB expansion plan, driven by gradual compliance. As the company ' s capacity rises, the scale effects begin to take shape, and in 2018 we measure the company ' s non-silicon costs fall further by 31.2% to RMB1.16, and we expect the company ' s s silicon in 2019-21.
The level of cost control at the top of the industry has helped Lungi gain excellent profitability. Compared to the financial data of his partner, Tianjin Middle Ring and the Association for the Protection of the Environment, the Māori rate is significantly higher, and even with the “5.31” policy shock, the Māori rate at Lungi is still relatively resilient. Based on the fall in prices of upstream silicon materials in 2019, we expect Lungi's dotted crystals.
In 2014, Lungi's monocrystal component business acquired from Zhejiang Leaf Photovolt Technology Ltd., and, after the acquisition was completed, Lungi Leaf is growing rapidly. Unlike the company's monosilica business, which is focused on reducing production costs, Lungi's component business is focused on increasing the PV efficiency of the product.
We also achieved a rapid cost reduction between 2015 and 17 years. We measured the cost of production of non-silicon tablets by 36.9% yuan per watt in 2015 to 1.11 yuan per watt in 2017. With Lungi using more single crystal perc batteries for the production of efficient components, we measured a slight increase in the cost of non-silicon tablets in 2018.
The demand preferences for the effective components, and the current significant premium levels for the other components, we believe that the cost of non-silicon tablets is understandable. Lungi's components are also more profitable than their counterparts, and their Māori level has been higher in the last few years than their counterparts. Looking ahead, we expect that Lungi's photovoltaic component Māori rates will remain stable.
Figure 23: Cost of production of non-silicon tablets for Lungi components
In the field of photovoltaic manufacturing, Lungi is a back-to-back compared to his counterparts. Based on the rapid growth of photovoltaic component technology, we believe that firms with technological and financial strength and subsequent advantage will be in a more competitive position to choose the most competitive technology routes and invest at lower production costs.
In 2015, and in 2017, it accelerated. The company introduced diamond cutting into the silicon manufacturing chain, with a clear after-effect advantage in the path of single crystal silicon expansion. By comparison with our counterparts, we believe that the level of corporate lending is significantly lower, and that the burden of investment in historical fixed assets is lower, leaving the company on a temporary basis in the face of the current need for photovoltaic prices.
In addition, as a combination of single crystal silicon and perc battery technology brings more battery efficiency gains, the rapid application of the perc battery technology has also increased market demand for corporate single crystal silicon. At the upstream end of the silicon material, multi-crystal silicon is the most important raw material for Lungi silicon sticks and silicon.
Dependence on imports, exposure to higher market price fluctuations, and trade disputes. As domestic multi-crystal silicon manufacturers begin to expand their productive capacity to achieve import substitution, multi-crystal silicon prices have fallen significantly over the past two years, and Lungi has been able to release production through the expected large amount of new multi-crystal silicon production in the course of the year.
At the end of single crystal product sales, we think that the photovoltaic station is now very close to the level of large-scale parity worldwide, and we expect that sales of photovoltaic components will be stable. We expect that sales of photovoltaic components will still be priced on average in the future.
Declines, but future prices will not show the same steep downward trend as in previous years. So we expect Lungi to enjoy a better return as capacity expands, with relatively stable sales prices and Māori rates for products, with higher profitability, figure 25: price movements for polysilica over the past five years
Figure 26: Changes in the price of silicon tablets over the past five years Figure 27: Changes in the price of batteries over the past five years
Since they were listed, companies have gained the recognition of capital markets through the technical layout of their monocrystal products, excellent cost controls, and prudent financial management. Management, in the light of developments in the photovoltaic industry, maintains a low leverage ratio of $1 billion as the main principle of financial management, supported by equity financing as the main financing tool.
With the Lungi Capital Expenditure Plan, Lungi has a relatively low level of financial indebtedness compared to his counterparts. Moreover, as a company is marketed in a stock market, a shareholder is more willing to invest in the long-term development of the company, and as a result, Lungi has the capacity to continue equity financing.
A stronger financing capacity will help it expand rapidly and consolidate its leadership. Supported by the expansion of kinetic and productive capacity, single crystal silicon and components will all continue to grow at a faster rate, with the company’s revenues growing by 64.6% in the first quarter of 2019, based on the visibility of the high photovoltaic component orders in the current overseas market, we expect strong corporate sales.
Growth will continue in the second and third quarters of 2019. As Chinese market orders are to be released centrally in the second half of 2019, we expect firm silicon and component sales and product prices to remain stable.
51.7%-63.7%/67.9% of the year for monocrystal silicon, with a significant increase in capacity in 2019 faster than the end of the component, the overall Māori rate for Lungi is consistent with the pace at which the company has made a breakthrough in the diamond line and achieved significant scale effects. The overall Māori price is expected, 2) the average price of silicon and components is falling at a more moderate pace, and 3) Lungi continues to fall.
B. Full-time feeder whollytowned subsidiaryofinamerchants Figure 36: Māori sales rate for Lungi. Operating expenditure rate maintained at about 10%.
Lungi’s main operating expenses include 1) taxes and surcharges, 2) sales costs, 3) administrative expenses, 4) R & D costs to reduce the company’s inventory significantly due to price fluctuations in photovoltaic products in the year and 2018. Looking ahead, with the increasing sales of Lungi silicon and components, we expect that the company’s risk of stock impairment will increase. Nevertheless, based on me,
In their judgement that future sales of photovoltaic products will be stable, and in the expectation that management will improve inventory management in the future, we believe that companies will achieve good control over stock impairments. On the whole, we predict that Lungi’s operating payments will yield a profit of 611 million yuan, an increase of 12.5 per cent. In the first quarter of 2019, net profits grew at a slower rate than income growth.
This is mainly due to significant differences in market prices for photovoltaic products and Māori over the same period of two years. Based on (1) stable material costs and average product sales expectations, (2) more robust Māori projections, and (3) significant growth in sales driven by expansion of market demand and production, we expect a strong net profit growth performance in Lungi. We predict a strong net profit growth in Lungi.
Lungi takes a prudent approach to managing the company’s balance sheet. Companies have maintained a net cash position for many years in debt management, with a net liability rate of only 0.2% after achieving high capital expenditure in 2018. For debt ratio control, management sets and targeted increases in equity financing. On the basis of the company’s current low level of indebtedness, we believe that the company is currently in debt.
We believe that an appropriate upgrading of debt levels would help to balance capital markets’ requirements for debt-rate control and equity dilution. Lungi’s stock turnover rose from 59.2 days in 2017 to 71.1 days in 2018, after expanding capacity and sales.
The number of working days received and payable also showed a clear upward trend with the increase in corporate sales. Management explained that the stock build-up in 2018 was due mainly to changes in the distribution area, with the company refocusing component sales to overseas markets in 2018, while offshore sales had longer cycles in shipping and warehousing. We believe Lungi is still in the direction of overseas sales.
The stock turnover is expected to be 17.4 times higher in 2019. With the company’s market share of monocrystal silicon products rising significantly, Lungi’s valuation was 23 times more profitable per share in 2017.7 Our target city surplus valuation is based on the historical rise cycle of Lungi and an average surplus over the peer valuation.
The price is 28.5%. Since China’s market demand for light voltage will be concentrated on release in the second half of 2019, we expect demand for single crystal silicon products and sales prices to be strong, and we expect that China’s market demand will release what is expected to boost the market’s mood with light voltage. And, based on Lungi’s current leading product cost structure, production capacity will expand significantly, and prices will be flat.
For these reasons, we think it is worth giving the Lungi industry a premium to support our breakthrough in alternative technologies.
Lungi has devoted its main technical attention to monocrystal silicon products, while actively developing an energy layout for single-crystal silicon and perc battery technology combinations, single-crystal silicon bars, silicon, batteries, and high-efficiency components. The company has also created a clear technical advantage for traditional multi-crystal silicon products through efficient monocrystal component technology.
Single crystal silicone silicon, 2) large-sized, no-reverse silicon silicon, 3) battery chip technology from perc to hetonic technology, and 4) silicon cell technology. These technologies, if they are to achieve the fast-track breakthrough prize, pose a greater risk of technological substitution for the single silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon in Lungki.
Although China's market demand has recovered from the “5.31” policy, we still see policy uncertainty as a major risk to Lungi's development in China's market. We note that the National Energy Authority spent a great deal of time finalizing China's 2019 photovoltaic project development program, showing that policy formulation and implementation still need to balance multiple interests.
We believe that this process will be incorruptible and will have a short-term impact on Lungi’s operations. With Lungi’s expanding capacity and marketing, Lungi’s exposure to overseas markets will increase significantly.
However, as Lungi’s current main production profile is still in the country, and sales abroad continue to increase, Lungi is unlikely to be affected in the short term in the event of a trade dispute. Since the total “5.31” policy in 2018, the focus of sales of the Lungirain component has shifted to overseas markets.
Out-of-market sales account for more than 70% of sales. Corporate sales abroad are predominantly in United States dollars, and appreciation of the renminbi will increase Lungi’s overseas sales costs at the same time as lower Lungi’s overseas revenues, thereby adversely affecting overseas sales.