Main data for efficient monocrystal integration (completed as at 20 August): Good prospects for the development of the photovoltaic industry. Global photovolts are expected to be installed in 2019.
A smooth growth in global demand for photovoltaics will be effective in smoothing the volatility of domestic installed machines. Domestic competitive access mechanisms will drive steady growth in installed capacity.
Jianlongki has a leading R & D edge in the industry, leading the upgrading of the industry’s products. The company’s long-duration industry has a strong scientific capacity to effectively import patented technology.
As a result, the efficiency of monocrystal products continues to be improved, and the application of scalding also creates a clear cost advantage for the company’s products. In May 2019, Lungi shares synchronized the introduction of high-efficiency monocrystal components hi-mo4 and large m6 monocrysil silicon tablets, leading the industry to upgrade to high-efficiency products.
Productive capacity has expanded steadily, further consolidating corporate leadership. As companies operate at a sustained high rate of growth in scale, they have always been able to expand their capacity on the premise that they are technologically advanced and financially sound, able to service, risk-resistant and business-like.
On 1 August of that year, the company issued nine capacity investment plans in 2019, totalling about 17,769 million dollars in total, in line with the strategic needs of the company ' s future productive capacity planning. A steady expansion of production capacity would allow the company to seize the opportunities of monocrystal market development and further consolidate the monocrystal dragon.
Given the clarity of the country’s photovoltaic development policy, the firm status of the company’s monocrystal integration pole, and the steady expansion of production capacity, we expect the company to return to its growth path in 2019.
Undefined risks posed by international trade barriers: uncertainties arising from increased competition in the industry: the demand for domestic aircraft is not as high as expected.1 Rapidly developing photovoltaic efficiency monocrystal integration poles
Longki Green Energy Technology Inc. was established in 2000 and was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 11 April 2012. Since its inception, the company has been focusing on the provision of efficient monocrystal solar power generation solutions for global clients, mainly in the development, production and marketing of single-crystal silicon bars, silicon tablets, batteries and components, as well as investment in the development, construction and delivery of photovoltaic earth power stations and distributed power stations.
The company's silicon, silicon and silicon rod production bases are concentrated mainly in Xian, Xianxian, Xingxian and Naking, Jiang Su Xin, Ku Jin Malaysia, and the battery and assembly production bases are concentrated mainly in Jiang Sutai, Zhejiang and An Qui.
As of 2015, the company has grown into the largest single-crystal silicon producer in the world. By the end of 2018, the world’s largest producer of silicon products has grown to be the largest producer of silicon.
Billions, self-service, 1,517 million; single crystal component operation, which started in 2015, with a production capacity of 8.8gw at the end of 2018 and a single crystal cell output of 7.07gw, a 50% increase compared to the previous year, with 5,991mw sold out and 590mw used for its own use. Global light-voltage demand has contributed to a rapid increase in overseas sales of single crystal components, with the company ' s overseas crystal component sales reaching 1,962mw in 2018.
The impact of the “531 policy” has been a marked decline in the size of the domestic light-voltage new loaders, a sharp fall in the price of photovoltaic products, a significant impact on the profitability and start-up rates of the entire industry, the impact of corporate profitability, and a decline in the combined Māori and parent net profit ratio, but the market share has continued to rise owing to the strong market competitiveness of the company's products.
Faced with the industry dilemma of 2018, the company demonstrated a relatively strong financial management capacity. Three costs fluctuated at or below 9 per cent, showing greater cost control; at the same time, the company strengthened its repayment management, and the share of cash received from sales of goods and services increased significantly.
With the expansion of productive capacity and export size, companies have resumed growth since 2019, and in the first quarter, the company earned $5,710 billion in operating income, an increase of 6456 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was $611 million, an increase of 12.54 per cent over the same period.
After more than a decade of development, our photovoltaic industry, driven by a combination of policy support and market demand, has continued to reduce efficiency gains and has become a product with an international competitive advantage. China’s global market share of photovoltaic whole-chain products was impressive in 2018, with multi-crystal silicon accounting for 57.8% and silicon silicon silicon.
Eighty-nine.6 per cent, 72.6 per cent for photovoltaic batteries and 72.0 per cent for photovoltaic components. Thirty-four Chinese enterprises entered the top 10 manufacturing chains in 2018, the first of all being domestic private enterprises. 2.1 Global photovoltage demand contributed steadily to export growth.
Global photovoltage capacity of 110gw in 2018. According to the China Association of Photovoltage Industries, global photovoltage capacity is expected to reach 130gw in 2019, positive to 200gw in 2025, optimistic to expect a compound growth rate in 2018-2025, global photovoltage will reach 8,500gw in 2050, wind power will reach 6,000gw, and light voltage and wind power will take over the global power loader.
According to data from the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, exports of photovoltaic products (silicon tablets, batteries, components) totalled $10.61 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 31.7 per cent.
Of these, battery and assembly exports were $660 million and $9 billion, respectively, representing an increase of 58.2 per cent and 45.1 per cent, respectively, of the same year, while silicon exports fell by the same year, with a small increase in the volume of exports, which was over 70 per cent; battery exports increased significantly, with exports exceeding exports for the entire year 2018; and the exports of components increased significantly, with exports of about 36gw, which nearly doubled in 2019.
Six months of our silicon silicon production, which increased by 26 per cent in the same year, and components, which increased by about 47gw, which increased by 11.9 per cent in the same year, figure 12: The scale of domestic exports of photovoltaic products in the first half of 2019 (in millions of dollars) 2.2 per cent of domestic bids will drive steady growth in installed aircraft.
In 2018, as a result of policy adjustments, domestic photovoltaics dropped to 44gw, a 17% decline in comparison with the previous year, but remain the world’s leading. In 2019, a major reform and innovation was introduced in the management of photovoltaic power generation, with a competitive bid for subsidies for electricity generation, which continued to boost the introduction of PV parity, while also safeguarding the rational scale of the development of the photovoltaic industry.
According to the National Energy Agency ' s forecast, the construction of the national photovoltaic project in 2019 is expected to be about 50gw, with a capacity of 40-40-0 per cent of the installed capacity expected to be installed and networked during the year.
Combined with projections from the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, domestic grid capacity is expected to be positive at 45gw in 2019. Figure 13: Size and projected value of additional domestic photovoltaics in 2011-2025 3 leads in R & D, leading the upgrading of industry products
3.1 Deep-farming monocrystal technology, the vanguard of monocrystal integration, the company is the largest single-crystal photovoltaic manufacturing enterprise in the world, producing, selling and serving as one, the company core management team is stable, long-term deep-deep-deep-deep industry, and accumulates a wealth of industry experience. The company has always attached great importance to technological innovation.
Over the last three years, companies have accumulated $2.902 billion in R & D inputs, with an average annual compound increase of 51.14 per cent in R & D inputs over the last five years, of which $1,231 million was spent on R & D in 2018, the largest R & D investment in global photovoltaic enterprises.
In the early stages of the development of the photovoltaic industry, the cost and efficiency of monocrystal silicone production were at a disadvantage, and the silicone link was dominated by multiple silicone silicon. In 2006, after an in-depth study of the various technological routes of the photovoltaic industry, companies chose monocrystal as a technological development. On the basis of a single-crystal approach as a development strategy, companies continued to develop monocrystal processing techniques. By the end of 2018, companies had developed monocrystal processes.
With 526 authorized national patents, companies have developed a stronger technological accumulation in the use of high-efficiency batteries and components such as monocrystal growth technology, monocrystal silicon material thinning technology, single-crystal perc batteries, etc. With the lead monocrystal technology, companies currently have a cost of silicon non-silicon within $1. Non-silicon costs are defined as those other than silicon.
The cost of silicon is an important indicator of the technological level and cost-control capabilities of silicon-producing enterprises. By implementing fine-tuning management, companies speed up the import and volume of R & D results, strengthen the control and efficiency of production operations, and further reduce the cost of non-silicon products. The average unit non-silicon cost of the crystalline chain decreased by 10.49% in 2018 and the average unit nonsilicon cost of the slice was lower by the same amount.
In the case of crystallization, the company has far ahead of most competitors in the market. By using rcz and ccz technologies, the company has increased the amount of material delivered to the single crystallized monocrystal single furnace, reducing the gap in the content content of the single multi-crystal growth chain; increasing the time output of the silicon rods while increasing the quality of the product by increasing the speed of long crystals; and reducing the number of shutdowns and disassemblys through multiple crystallization processes.
Time to reduce the share of crystallization time and collage costs per kilogram, and improve energy efficiency. New processes, such as big loads, high speed, multiple crystals, and associated equipment improvement technologies, as well as the introduction of some new materials and automated control systems, have significantly reduced Lungi's crystallization costs, adding up to these technologies, and the company has significantly reduced the cost gap between monocrylic rods and multicrystal casts.
In terms of silicon cutting technology, in 2012 the company took the lead in breaking the monopoly of Japanese suppliers and investing in the development and application of the national production “gold cutting” technology, facilitating the maturity of the national production “gold cutting” technology through short-term strategic losses.
Equipment, feeder suppliers, making “gold cutting” technology rapidly become a technological development for single-crystal slices, and constitute a single-crystal phase that has a greater advantage over the down cost of the dottal in the slices. Companies have ample voice up and down in goldlines and, by leading technology, have become standard-setters in the silicon production industry.
The company’s long-term focus on the breakthroughs of technological barriers has led to a sharp reduction in price differentials between crystals and crystals, with a single-crystal ratio advantage already occurring from a quantitative to a qualitative phase, which has helped to boost the optical industry’s crystalline technology route.
According to China’s Road Map for the Development of Photovoltage Industries (2018), the share of the domestic market for monocrystal silicon increased from 31% in 2017 to 45% in 2018, and the share of the global market increased from 28% to 46% in the past year. In the future, monocrysil silicon will remain too crystallized.
3.2 Two-sided monocrystal perc mainstreaming, medium-term technological pathways Perc batteries have increased backside passivation layers and laser opening processes based on conventional battery technology, significantly increasing battery efficiency. Lungi combines single crystal perc techniques with low light decay technology released the hi-mo1 module in 2016, and battery efficiency is now in place.
Twenty-one percent rises to more than 22 percent. The double-sided perc battery replaces a back yard, which originally covered the back of the battery, with a local aluminium fence, which gives the p battery a double-face ratio of 75% to 80%. Lungi combines the double-sided perc battery with the bipolar containment technology and released the hi-mo2 component in 2017, which uses scattering light and surface reflective light to generate electricity, significantly reducing the degree of electricity costs for large power stations.
An efficient single crystal perc cell, with better light performance and temperature properties, can produce more electricity in the inter-station operation, mainly in the morning, evening and in the dark and rain weather, and in the middle of the day in high-temperature conditions due to low power temperature coefficients and lower working temperatures.
In 2018, the most rapidly expanding perc technology capacity. According to pvinfolink, p-type single crystal perc batteries expanded the capacity of about 29gw in 2018, reaching about 63.2gw by the end of 2018. It is estimated that global perc capacity will again expand to 30gw by the end of 2019, pushing the global perc capacity to 93gw: the market share of conventional batteries will continue to grow gradually in the future.
Declines, with highly efficient crystal silicon cells, such as perc, accounting for most of the market share. It is predicted that the market share of high-efficiency batteries, represented by single crystal perc batteries, will increase rapidly to 50 per cent by 2020, and that high-efficiency batteries will replace conventional batteries largely by 2028.
Figure 20: Market share of different types of crystallized silicon batteries 2017-2028 Domestic runners plan to adopt technologies that represent the advanced level of industry. In the third batch of photovolt lead runners, 68 per cent of single crystal products, 15 per cent of polycrystal products, 17 per cent of product type n, 75 per cent of products applying perc technology,
The single crystal perc technology has become a trend in the industry, which is highly consistent with Lungi’s research into industry and product planning. In 2014, Lungi acquired Zhejiang Leaf photovolts, advanced batteries and components, and moved into one over a period of two to three years, both in terms of volume and influence.
Linear arrays. Batteries, the company's most valuable technology for the next 3-5 years, are p-perc battery technology, with a conversion efficiency limit of about 24%; on 17 January 2019, Lungi's new generation of single crystal double-sided perc batteries was tested again by the National Photovoltaic Quality Centre (cpvt), with a positive conversion efficiency of 24.06%, the commercial size perc battery effect.
For the first time, the rate passed 24%, breaking what the industry had previously thought was a 24% efficiency bottle for perc batteries, and again becoming the creator of the new World Chronicle. The result of a 24% efficiency break in mainstream firms is a 22% or more of single crystal perc batteries, giving the industry a good prospect of a single crystal perc technology for the next two to three years.
Kilo leaves continues to lead the industry in monocrystal perc batteries, while also fully validating the enormous efficiency potential of monocrystal perc technology and market prospects. 3.3 Launch large-sized silicon and high-efficiency monocrystal components to lead the industry to a higher-efficiency product.
With a strong technological reserve and a leading R&D advantage, companies have for the fourth year in a row released the he-mo series of high-efficiency monocrystal products to the market, breaking the homogeneity of the industry and leading the industry to a higher-efficiency product. In May 2019, Lungi shares synchronized the production of a new generation of he-mo component products, i-mo4 and m6.
At the end of the manufacture, all of Lungi's single-crystal furnaces can produce m6, and all of Lungi's existing crystals and slices can be compatible with m6, with a flexible switch.
The m6 silicon of the base shares does not change much from downstream processes, and downstream battery manufacturers simply need to convert the assembly kits, and the components are compatible. For power stations, the racks have redundant designs, and the size changes do not exceed the redundant design. The price difference between the m6 silicon and m2 silicon of the Lungi shares is now 0.4 yuan, and it is expected that the price difference will be reduced to 0.2 yuan after scalding production.
After the silicon, the positive power of the 72-form component can reach a maximum of 430w, almost 40w higher than the previous generation of he-mo3 power, and is in the forefront of the industry. Compared to the conventional multi-crystal power system, the cost of he-mo4 dual-faced bos components (i.e. cost of the system in addition to the photovoltaic component) is 0.21 yuan/watts, plus about 10% of the power gain on the back and an average annual decline of less than 0.45%.
The total gain could be 0.8 yuan/watts, with a marked reduction in the cost of electricity per degree. 4 production capacity growing steadily, consolidating industry leader status 4.1 steadily expanding capacity with financial soundness and technological leadership
During the rapid growth of the company’s operations on a sustained scale, it has always been consistent with technological leadership and financial soundness to expand its capacity, debt-servicing capacity, high risk resistance, and business style. By the end of 2018, Lungi single crystal silicon production had reached 28gw, representing more than 40% of the world’s single crystal production capacity.
The production capacity has reached 8.8gw. According to the pvinfolink data, the company's single crystal silicon production capacity was ranked first in 2018 in a global silicon business (single crystal, multi-crystal combination) and the output of component operations was ranked among the top five globally. Figure 25: Distribution of major plant capacity in the global single crystal silicon market (as of the end of 2018)
The company, in combination with its own accumulated production technology and cost control advantages in the monocrystal field over the years, has steadily expanded the production capacity of monocrystal products and is still in the lead in the construction and planning industry, and is expected to remain the largest in the coming years. According to the business plan of the Department, in 2019, the capacity of the company's monocrysil tablets, batteries, and components will reach 36gw, 10gw, 16gw, respectively.
As of 1 August 2019, the company had issued nine productive investment plans with a total investment of about 17,769 million, which are in line with the strategic needs of the company’s future productive capacity planning.
4.2 Together with a strategic alliance of upstream leaders to promote industrial health, the company issued an announcement on 3 June 2019 to work strategically with Tonway’s shareholdings.
In the context of supply chain cooperation, the cooperative framework agreement agreed that the company would pay 50,000 tons per year to Tonway ' s shareholdings in 2020-2022.
The number of high-purity silicon purchased by the project company for the crystal silicon project is not less than 75 per cent of the total production capacity, which is set at 50,000 tons, and not less than 3.75 million tons, which is expected to be no less than 2.63 billion yuan; and the number of single silicon tablets purchased annually by the Tonway shares from the project company for the Silica and Slice Project for the Silica Silicon project for the company for the Silicon 15gw and Slice Project for 2020-2022 is not less than 75 per cent of the capacity of the Lungi Silicon project company for production under the capacity.
15gw should buy no less than 11.25gw, or 2.1 billion pieces, worth approximately $5.68 billion. This compares with the company’s combined sales of $2.6 billion in the first five clients in 2018, which represents only 12% of the total.
This collaboration, while forming an industrial chain that guarantees the company ' s supply of silicon and the sale of silicon tablets, is accompanied by a commitment to encourage the development of each other ' s multi-crystal silicon and silicon industries and to promote the professional advantages of each enterprise in the industrial chain, which will contribute to the healthy and sustainable development of the domestic photovoltaic industry.
(a) Undefined risks arising from international trade barriers and trade policy changes;
In view of the clarity of the domestic policy on photovoltaic development and the firm status and steady expansion of the production capacity of the company's monocrystal integration poles, we expect that the company will return to the growth path from 2019, ps. 1.36, 1.86 and 2.20 yuan respectively for 2019-2021, corresponding to p/e using as a criterion the increase or decline in the value of securities relative to the market benchmark index for the six months following the reporting date, as defined below:
The following is defined as the industry ' s increase or decline in relation to the market benchmark index over the six-month period following the reporting period: