In 2016, the company realized operating income of $16,917,019,401.49, a decrease of 35.58% in comparison; and realized net ownership of shareholders in listed companies.
The same-year profit drops are lower than the industry averages. After the first wave of business income drops were in the country, after Taejunan and Junshin securities, the net profit drops were in the country, after Taijunan and Guangbo securities, and the net profit fell in the same way.
Open Source Securities Inc., 5th floor, Gate of the City, 2nd floor, clear business structure of economic advantage.
The company’s main business includes brokering and wealth management, investment banking, asset management, investment and transactions, overseas operations, and others.
In terms of income structure, the share of proceeds from brokering and wealth management fell by 8.20 percentage points, as a result of a sharp decline in the total volume of market-based transactions, the average daily size of the financing voucher business, etc.: shares were melted at the beginning of the year.
The collapse of public debt at the end of the year, the volatility of securities markets led to a decline in investment returns and a decline in investment and trade income by 3.79 percentage points: the continued growth in the size of asset management, owing to the rapid growth of bond underwriting, refinancing operations and the maintenance of a leading position in M & A restructuring operations, led to a decline in investment returns and a decline in the share of income in the investment and trading industries
Revenue and income share for business operations and asset management increased twofold.3 In the first reporting period, corporate equity fund transactions combined totalled RMB 24,52 trillion in market share, while brokering retained its advantage.
This is mainly due to the company’s large customer base, leading Internet platforms, and agile business chain system. In particular, it is continuing to build an Internet marketing service that is based on the growing wealth of the Internet, increasing Internet access.
In the public reporting period, the number of downloads was 15.3598 million; The average number of active users per day has been 2.3516 million since the number of downloads has been online. The cumulative number of downloads has been 26.37 million. During the reporting period, 1.858 million mobile terminal users opened their accounts.
In the area of investment banking, during the reporting period, the corporate equity underwriting industry ranked third, corporate bond underwriting seventh, corporate-led and corporate-led.
In 2016, the investment bank achieved income of RMB 2,398 million, an increase of 29.18 per cent over the previous year; the main performance drivers of the investment and trading operations included investment returns.
Lack of revenue from international operations does not affect overall business performance; completion of the acquisition of investment proceeds by the United States firm setmark has yet to be raised; During the reporting period, the company completed the acquisition by the United States firm setmark.
It is the leading turnkey asset management platform in the United States market (tamp) as a third-party financial service provider that provides investment advisers with a range of services and sophisticated and easy-to-use technology platforms, such as portfolio management, customer relationship management, and hosting. As at the end of the reporting period, the assetmark
Future revenue increases are expected.1 Business leadership continues to be maintained in corporate brokering, with a marked rise in such business as investment and financial management, leading to rational business structure development, sound company operations and a relatively strong industry leadership
2. Smart investment is a trend in the future, with companies completing their acquisition by the United States firm Asetmark, already leading the business in the layout, and a future increase in smart investment revenue will break through the bottlenecks in investment consultancy services faced by voucher dealers and achieve an effective breakthrough in the business.
The main risks faced by Chinese securities this year may arise from two sources: the continuous market adjustment, the fact that I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, either directly or indirectly, any form of advice or opinion from this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.