Incident: On 29 October 2025, the company published a tri-quartered report from 2025, which raised the company ' s performance of 25q3 in the previous three quarters. 25q3 achieved operating income of $9.92 billion, a decline in \triangleright
Since \triangleright \triangleright, the sum of sarcophagus has been rising steadily, with an average price of $290 per ton in October compared to July.
Land safety and environmental inspections have also become more stringent, with most open-air mines in the U.S. in the U.S. have been cut off from production due to border management and resource restructuring, tight supply, and the expected increase in coal prices is expected, with an improvement in the performance of the 25q4 company.
On that day, he obtained a licence for the exploration of mineral resources and, once the relevant procedures have been completed, he will organize geological exploration work.
Ten thousand tons of bauxite resources, 5561.23 million tons of bauxite resources, and 34.31.28 tons of sorghum resources. Coals consist mainly of a third of the coal, gas and gas, with a planned capacity of 8 million tons per year.
By using the technological advantages of mining coal in the ravine, the ravine can be used to select the coal plant and the railway line. 1. The semi-annual reporting point for the semi-annual 2025 Shanxi Coal (000983.sz) Transport capacity will increase the market share of the company's products and enhance the company's own competitive advantage.
It will significantly enhance the sustainable development capacity of corporate coal owners and inject core competition and new dynamic development energy into the upgrading of industries.
Questions: 24 years of year-on-year performance decline, long-term development worth noting: period cost ring growth, 24q3 performance pressure - 20 remarks: 24q2 performance ring growth, yield or drive performance improvement
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.