q3 q3 performance ring improvement, focusing on heat and high-scoring coal prices, mountain west coal (000983.sz) 31 October 2025
• q3 performed under pressure, but with improved ring ratios, focusing on the warming and high dividends of coal coke prices, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of three-quarters of 2025, and achieving business income of 27,175 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2025, equal to +41.31%. Despite the pressure of the company’s performance in the third quarter, the second quarter has been a low profit in recent years.
The price of coal has improved in three quarters, with performance showing a downward recovery, but only a limited improvement in the second half of the year, where profit elasticity is expected to be released as the price of coal heats back in the country, and where companies continue to promote high scores The equity holders of the red returns maintain a “buy-in” rating.
• Q3 coal prices rebounded at the bottom, with significant cost-control gains, and non-coal operations improved (1) Coal plate: the company ' s performance in the previous three quarters was largely affected by the fall in the sales of coal products in the same year-on-years-on-years-on-years-on-years-up. But into the third quarter, the market has changed positively, with the company ' s main coal-carriage price from about $1150 in June.
In terms of sales, the company’s sales ring ratio improved in July and August. In terms of cost, the company’s annual target cost was down by about 10%, with some success in the first half of the year, which effectively offsets the impact of a partial price decline.
The increase in profits is mainly due to lower costs associated with the fall in power coal prices in the first half of the year, the active closure of long-lost Western Hill thermal power, and the contribution of high-efficiency units, such as the Gudang West Hill power generation. (3) coke plate: the price of coal has recovered steadily, focusing on asset injections and high dividends.
(1) Coal prices are warming and monthly pricing is more flexible: as downstream steel plants improve their profitability, they need to be supported. Since July 2025, the company has adjusted the price-fixing model from quarterly to monthly pricing, helping to respond more flexibly to market changes and faster transmission of price increases.
Period: The company, as an important marketing platform for coal assets of the Shanxi Coal Group, is expected to benefit from the group's rich coal & the Quarterly Review Report 2025, 2025.4.29 Mineral resources expand production capacity. (3) High dividends are expected to continue: companies have the will and capacity to make a high score.
The coal price drops, the focus on the coal mine, the extreme red is not changing, and the high red is expected to continue in the future.