A significant increase in the cash flow of operating activities, an increase in the ring of accounts receivable for the first three quarters of the period in which the price of coke was raised, and a significant increase in the cash flow of operating activities
The ring ratio increased significantly by 94.69 per cent, the impact of which, according to the three-quarterly report, was mainly due to the increase in coke payments due from subsidiaries, and the cash flow of the company ' s operations in the previous three quarters had increased significantly over the same period, largely thanks to payments.
The reduction in income tax, resource tax, and the recovery of the mining rights guarantee paid in the current period highlight the resilience of the business cash-generation capacity. The three costs have fallen year-on-year, with annual dividends of 2025 being paid on schedule.
The increase in the financial costs of the Pax Romana Securities Research Centre is mainly due to the financing of Ineda in Heng County during the reporting period, which was approved by the Board of Directors and Supervisory Board on August 27, 2025.
The company focuses on shareholder returns, indicating that it still has a price index since the third quarter of 2025.
896 yuan per ton, up to 1076 yuan per ton in September, and again to $1125 per ton in October.
However, the steel plant’s start-up rate and iron and water production are in a high position, the coal-coal-coated steel matrix is not stored at high levels, and the price of coal is expected to go up in a small tremor under tight supply. 46 million tons of coal are expected by the company in 2025, combined with the existing resources for coal-coal storage in the mountains.
The report accurately and objectively reflects the author’s own research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by third parties.
The research methodology used in this report is qualitative and quantitative, based on the network of relevant information on which this report is based, to the extent that people know it, the company, the author and the stakeholders in the property, together with the evidence evaluated or recommended), and the research findings and judgements made represent only the views expressed prior to the issuance of the report, with some limitations.
Accuracy and completeness, and therefore comparable securities are not liable for losses resulting from the use of the information contained in this report