The new model of aggressive embrace of carbon neutrals announced an investment of $1 billion in the establishment of a subsidiary to produce green hydrogen through solar power generation.
1. High-performance performance in the single-quarter increase in the price of staples Companies deep-farming the industrial chain of coal-chemicals, adhering to high-end and differentiated product development strategies, and continuously optimizing production technology processes, reducing production consumption by multiple channels and leading by competitiveness, even if
In the first quarter of 2020, low oil prices could also achieve a single-quarter net return of $822 million to the mother. With the recovery of the economy and demand, the oil price hub has risen, the prices of company-owned products have risen, and company performance elasticity has been demonstrated.
Of these, re-innovation in the first quarter of q1 was high in 2021, owing mainly to the general stability of production and sales, the overall market value/flow (millions of dollars) and the price of products, with a single-quarter Māori sales rate of 51.41 per cent and a net interest rate of 34.7 per cent.
The same level of increase in energy (600989), the Pacific Chemical (excluding taxes) and, in particular, the price of coke, has risen significantly, specifically: Energy: Reverse growth by volume supplementation, many in progress
Energy: The whole chain is expanding and coal-chemicals can grow.
It is expected that, as downstream is still in the weather recovery phase and supply and demand mismatches at the supply end, chemicals in 2021 will embrace carbon-neutral in the form of “solar power + hydrohydrogen” and companies will set up a fully-funded subsidiary in Ningxiandong with their own funds to “Sun”
Modeling green hydrogen for chemical production, alternative fossil energy sources, reduced coal consumption and carbon dioxide emissions. 200mwp photovoltaic power generation and 200000-hour electrolytic hydrogen demonstration projects were partially completed and tested in early 2021
Production, with 168 consecutive hours of standard operation debugging, the safety, quality, and cost of equipment and products are manageable, combined costs can be controlled at $1.34/scale, and the production of hydrogen is successfully integrated into the public-sector production system, meeting the target.
The company will continue to further reduce the cost of making hydrogen to near or even below the cost of fossil fuels. The technology will protect the company from coal while maintaining cost stability.
Resource constraints provide unlimited space for future development. 3. Upstream coal self-sufficiency has increased, with greater cost advantages, as evidenced by the joint commissioning in October, where corporate coal minerals have increased from 5.1 million tons to 7.5 million tons.
Corporate coal is mainly needed to coker the industrial chain, and we measure the self-sufficiency of the raw materials of the coker device from 67% to basic self-sufficiency. As the self-production cost of coal is significantly lower than the cost of outsourcing, the company’s advantage will be further expanded.
4. Downstream production capacity continues to expand, providing strong guarantees for companies to grow in the future The company is building and planning projects mainly consisting of: (1) 3 million tonnes/year coal co-carrying multi-products.
The project began construction in May 2020 and is proceeding in an orderly manner and is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2021; (2) In September 2020, the company announced its subsidiary ' s investment in a demonstration project of 4 x 1 million tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbons in Ningdong for three periods of 500,000 tonnes/year and 500,000 tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbons/year.
The total investment in the project was 67.3 billion yuan, and the site of the Tuk industrial project area of the U.S. Su Rig Economic Development Area in the Mongolian Autonomous Region of Ordos. The project was approved by the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Council for Development Reform and the Office of Trade and Information and was completed in 2023.
2.6 million tonnes/year and 1.4 billion tonnes/year have been approved by the municipality of Ordos in July 2020 and January 2021, respectively, and construction is expected to commence after approval by the State Environmental Protection Department.
The first phase of the project was launched in February 2021. There were sufficient construction and planning projects in progress.
5. Profit predictions and ratings take into account the company's concentration of rich coal resources in the west combined with traditional coal industry chains and currents.
A significant advantage of integration, high pro-cyclical elasticity, high price increases for main products, new models that actively embrace carbon neutral projections and financial indicators:
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report