China Chemical (60117.sh) Chemical engineering steady development, industrial graphics for the newer machine, architectural decorations, professional engineering
The company, formerly a design and construction company of the former Ministry of Heavy Industry (MCI), was founded in 2008 by the China Chemical Engineering Group (CEC) and the China-China Group, and was listed in 2010, and effectively controlled by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. The company focuses on chemical engineering.
Main industry, expansion of the business map, robust growth of revenue, over 90% contribution from construction projects, expansion of the business map, and value revaluation. 1) Beginning with: pta and vinyl amide projects accumulated valuable experience. Pta project transferred business rights after a reduction in output due to overcapacity in the industry.
The nylon 66 market is vast, nylon 66 is used as a key material for the production of nylon 66, and is in high demand, but due to the technical difficulties of the most advanced butadiene method in the course of the hysteric process, a few have crossed the line.
State companies monopolize the supply of dichlorfon, and demand for national production is strong; China ' s chemical nylon project company now stands at $811.77 million, Qi has developed self-owned technology to plan 500,000 tons of production capacity, of which 200,000 are the first to make the investment.
Prospectively: Technology-led business maps are expanding, and the product matrix is gradually enriched. Aerogels, pbats, have been successfully launched, and the hydrogen energy industry chain has been actively deployed.
In terms of oil prices, crude oil prices were foiled in 2020 and then slowly recovered, while former oil prices remained relatively high, prompting the release of downstream demand for chemical engineering; and in terms of fixed-asset investment data,
The chemical industry is currently in an expansionary cycle. 2) Forwarders in overseas markets. The company is the first Chinese enterprise to undertake offshore work, operating steadily abroad, with 140 offshore agencies in more than 80 countries and territories, including Russia and Indonesia, and is cumulatively completed along the “one-way” route.
The contract amounts to over $100 billion. 3) Capital operations are targeted, 2020 foreign fund-raising operations, and 2022 domestic equity incentives for development. Financial indicators are robust and asset structures are better than industry. Valuation and investment proposals: companies are active as leaders in chemical engineering, focusing on the chemical industry at the same time.
We're looking at the risks of public funding, the risks of operating the business panels, profit predictions, valuation risks, etc. Chemical engineering leads to robust growth.
China Chemical Engineering Co. Ltd. (“China Chemistry”) was established in September 2008 as the main sponsor of the China Chemical Engineering Group, the United God.
China Group and China ' s China Central Group co-sponsored the establishment of the China Group, which was listed in 2010. China ' s chemical engineering consortium originated from the Heavy Industry Design Institute and Construction Company, which was established in 1953 by the former Ministry of Heavy Industry (MCI), and was transformed in 1984 by the Ministry of Fuel and Chemical Industry, the Ministry of Petroleum and Chemical Industry, and the Ministry of Chemical Industry.
As of 2022, the controlling shareholder, China Chemical Group, had a direct share of 35.72 per cent and an indirect share of 10.3 per cent through Centralized eb and China Chemical Construction Investment Group.
China Chemical Group Ltd. holds 90% of the shares of the State Finance Committee of the State Council, and the Council of the Social Security Fund leads the chemical engineering industry.
Qualifications 5; PQ 1; PQ 65; PQ 6; PQ 6; PQ 7; PQ 3; PQ 1; and PQ 1 in urban and rural planning.
Global contractors are ranked according to the total contract income of each company, focusing on the chemical industry, earning a robust increase in profits, focusing on the chemical engineering industry, expanding the business map.
Construction works include chemical engineering, infrastructure, environmental governance, nylon industrial chains, degradable materials, silicon-based gels, etc. The growth is robust, and construction projects contribute more than 90%. 2022 companies earn $15,772 million.
Figure 5: Contribution to corporate sub-operational activities (in %)
Business development is driven by innovation and explores integrated development models for “technology plus industry” that focus on home-grown “crystal” technologies such as ammonium and self-distortium, and expands on new materials.
At present, the Tsengsu II and the East China pbat projects have been successful in driving and producing high-quality products, the Chinese land-based gas and gel projects have been steadily put into production and the industrial product matrix has been enriched. The homeoamide project has been maintained at a high capacity, and the oak project has completed its objectives for the entire year.
Figure 11: Number and speed of new contracts for the company ' s business block: Starting with: pta and vineamide projects accumulated valuable experience pta project: overcapacity in the industry, transfer of operating rights after impairment
In 2011, China planned to invest 1 million tonnes/year of phenyldiphenylacetic acid (pta) in a chemical planning project in the Southern China Packing Park, with a total investment of 4,193 million yuan, a company holding 80 per cent of the shares of the project company Sichuan Sasakawa, and China ' s petroleum Sichuan petrochemicals holding 20 per cent of the shares, which began construction in 2012.
The market price of the pta product fell in 2015 and the project ' s profitability was lower than expected. Although the project ' s construction progress had been substantially completed, the completion of the public utility work at the chemical industrial park where the project was located had been delayed and the project ' s construction progress had been higher than planned. The market price of the pta product and primary raw material px increased in 2017, but the main material, px supplier, China Oil and Gas Letter
The cancellation of the original freight differential resulted in an increase in the expected cost of raw materials and a decrease in the profitability of the project. Based on a reduction of $492/402/366 million in construction in progress and fixed assets for future years, respectively.
The assets of the pta project as a whole were transferred to Sichuan Energy Investment on a lease basis, and none of the signs of continued impairment and no further allowance for impairment were made in the subsequent reporting period.
Figure 13: pta domestic self-sufficiency rate (in %) Figure 15: Changes in national pta start-up rate (in %)
In 2011, the company adopted a bill to invest in the construction of a 200,000-ton/year-old antiamide project, with a total investment of 3,512 million yuan, which began construction in May 2012. The company holds 60% of the shares in the project company's emasculants, with a major production plant containing 200,000 tons of antiamide and 330,000 tons of sulphuric acid.
Ammonium, 300,000 tons of sulphuric acid, 300,000 tons of dioxygen water and 3 260 tons/hour boilers and thermal power stations. After a breakthrough in national production, the production of home amphetamine rose rapidly. Early import dependence on home ammonium was followed by a breakthrough in national production after 2011, with domestic production rising rapidly, from 490,000 tons in 2010.
By 2020, 3.53 million tons of antiamide prices had fallen rapidly, driving the demand for six products from downstream nylons to become less profitable than expected, as a result of fluctuations in the price of antimony.
RMB. In 2017, the company’s euphemism project increased its capacity for remodelled production, and the price of euphemisms fell by 26.6 per cent, net profits by 85.3 per cent, and prices fell by 14.8 per cent in 2022, while net profits fell by 14.8 per cent.
Breakthrough: Leaded in the national production of dichlorfon, deep-cut nylon industrial chain, market demand: nylon 66 market space and potential demand of nylon 66 is a key ingredient in the production of nylon 66. Quantium (adn), molecular nc (ch_2)_4cn, is one.
Non-colourable and transparent liquids. The downstream applications of the americium are more homogeneous, with approximately 90% used for the synthesizing of the aphrodamine (hmda), which is mainly used for the synthetic nylon 66, and a small amount for the production of products such as hexamethyl diocyanate (hdi), nylon 610 and nylon 6.
Point, widely used in the engineering plastic fibre field. Hdi light stability and durability are prominent, mainly for the production of high-end environmental coatings, which are widely used in aerospace, ships, etc.
High temperature, fatigue, shock resistance features, used mainly as engineering plastics in cars (tire boner materials), electronics, and home appliances, which can be used as fibres for the production of high-quality civilian clothing and military equipment. Inadequate supply of raw materials makes nylon 66 capacity difficult to expand.
The nylon 6 production capacity has grown rapidly as a result. The supply of nylon 66 key raw materials has long been monopolized by overseas producers, resulting in domestic nylon production predominantly dominated by nylon 6, with a nylon 6 capacity of 57.15 million tonnes/year in 2021, while nylon 66 capacity is only 700,000/year.
Figure 22: Changes in domestic nylon 6 and nylon 66 capacity (tonne/year) Figure 23: Domestic nylon 66 capacity and acceleration (tonne/year)
Softness is higher, heat-resistant and cooler, and is better suited to make outdoors, sports, and chills. Moreover, nylon66 is widely used in military equipment with higher intensity and better grinding, with a 40 per cent penetration rate in the field of military loading, compared to only 12 per cent in the country, with a vast alternative space.
At present, the main processes used in the industrial sector for the production of dichlorfon, which can be used for scale production, are the acetylene, acetylene, and butadiene cyanide.
The approach was developed successfully by Rona Planck, France, in the 1960s, and the technical route was divided into gas phase and liquid phase, the core of which was the reaction of the adipic acid to ammonia and the dehydration of the diazine.
Acid amino production is less efficient, dehydration is complicated, producing by-products such as cyclopentone, tar, dipolymer, with a by-effect of 250 kg per ton of blubber produced and 100-150 kg of slag produced, resulting in more impurities in the product, co-reactions and severe corrosion in the reactor.
Heavy, impacting production stability and product quality. Figure 24: Adidate reaction machine h\o\c\(ch_2)_4o\h+2n\h_3\rightarrowh_2n\c\(ch_2)_4c\o2+2h_2o
h2noc(ch2)4conh2 catalyst nc(ch2)4cn+2h2o is temporarily uncompetitive. The company introduced the Ronaproncone dehydration patent and built its first-ever Dinicorn production device in the country.
The project stopped in 2002 because of high energy consumption, long processes, and high prices for the raw materials thydoxine. However, the substance is less toxic, the production process is relatively safe, and the supply capacity of the sydoxine has increased and prices have dropped significantly, and it will not be ruled out in the future from re-launching the process route.
Figure 25: Price trends for adipic acid (in yuan/tons) 2. Acrylonitrile diconcentration method developed by Monsanto, USA, in the 1960s and gradually improved from diaphragm to membrane.
The electrolytic process is based on acrylic (ch2), converted to acrylic (chcn) by oxygen, ammonia and catalyst, and then electrolyzed acrylic acrylate back to its own acetylene. The acrylic electrolysis process is short, less polluting, and relatively simple, but without membrane electrolysis produces 1 ton of acrylate, consuming about 1.15 tons of acrylic acrylic and consuming about 3,000 kwh
Figure 26: Acrylonitrile electrolysis of 2-polymers to adiazepine suggests that the acrylate diconcentration process is more advanced but has not yet been industrialized. Except for electrolysis, acrylic catalytic diconcentration method
The main processes used for the production of dichloride are currently classified as cyanide butadiene chloride and direct cyanide cyanide.
U.S. The cyanide of butadiene chloride was developed by Dubon in the 1960s, and the process was phased out as a result of the process of producing dichlorobutadiene as a result of a reaction with chlorine and a reaction with sodium cyanide and hydrogen, a more complex operating process, a corrosive production process and a high consumption of hydrogen cyanide and chlorine.
During the 1970s, Dubon developed the thyrecylene direct cyanide process for the production of thyrecylene, with a reaction equation of ch2chchch2+2hcnnc(ch2)4cn. Butadiene direct cyanide is considered to be the most advanced process at present.
However, in the industrial dimension, there are three technical difficulties with the direct cyanide process: 1) catalyst recycling; 2) the output of the dichloride dichloride distillation; 3) the production and transport of hydrocyanide.
▪ Catalyst recycling: The birdihydrazine cyanide process generally uses a combination of zero-price nickel and phosphorus formulations as catalysts, which are thermally decomposable, hydrolysed and intoxicated, with high recycling difficulties and higher costs if recycling utilization is low.
The hydrolysis properties require precise control of the pressure during diluent operations to reduce the amount of water contained in the raw materials produced. In addition, the reaction hydrogen cyanide is highly toxic, and residuals of hydrogen cyanide cause catalyst failure and require the removal of highly soluble hydrogen cyanide from recovery.
▪ Output dibenzole distillation: The legal cyanide cyanide dichloride process for butadiene is divided into three steps: "Cyanide I", "isomerization" and "secondary cyanide". The first stage of cyanide and isomerization produces 3-pn and its co-isomers, and the second stage of sterilization produces dichloride (adn) and its co-isomers (mgn, wsn).
During the actual production, there were more americium-type substances, the boiling point was close, and distillation was more difficult. First-level cyanide: cyanide: ch2=ch-ch=ch2+hcn ncch2ch2ch=ch2+ncch2ch=chch3+ncch2c(ch3)=ch2
Isomerization: nch2c(ch3) =ch24-pn+3-pn Secondary cyanide: 4-pn+3-pn+hcnnc(ch2)4cn Total equation: ch2=ch-ch=ch2+2hcnnc(ch2)4cn
Production and transport of hydrocyanic acid: Hydrocyanic acid is a highly toxic chemical, with high transport costs, the use of butadiene hydrogen cyanide, the need for an accompanying hydrogen cyanide production device, and how to produce a high-purity low-cost package of hydrogen cyanic acid is technology Market supply: a few multinational companies monopolize their supply of diazole, and demand for national production is strong
The production of dibenzole is largely dominated by overseas companies, and domestic demand is highly dependent on imports. The production of dibenzole is difficult, the acrylic and butadiene technology process is in the hands of a few multinational companies, the domestic import of dibenzole has long been dependent on imports, and China imported 270,000 tons of dibenzole in 2021 and consumes about 310,000 tons.
In 2021, the world produced 2,053,000 tonnes/year of Xenon. The production was concentrated in British Weida, Butachimie, Ored, Xing, into several multinational chemical companies, and the large Xenium producers were also typically suppliers of Xenamine and nylon 66, which produced it.
The bulk of Xavid and Butachimie produce the remaining Xyridium as a commodity for export. Short-term supply changes can cause large price fluctuations, and overseas Xyridium suppliers, such as Olyde and Bassov factories, ceased production in 2018 as a result of force majeure.
The price of 66 raw materials has risen significantly.
The company's investment in the construction of the new nylon material project is a priority project for chemical engineering in China. The company's registered capital is $2.7 billion, with 75% of the shares, Xi Xing Xing holding 10% of the shares, and the Xianbo Xiao/Tian Qi Investment Management Centre.
Accumulating 15% of the stock holding platform for Skycorp's employees. Phase 4 of Acrylonitrile-Haddiamine-Haddioxin-Nylon66 forms the complete nylon chain system.
The project is based on a technology developed independently by Skye, which breaks the technology blockade and monopoly abroad, fills the domestic void, and solves the problem of the country's critical industry and critical area of “cricket”, which is of great importance for the development of the country's nylon 66 industry.
On March 22, 2022, the acetylene device succeeded in driving once. Acetylene is an important ingredient in the development of the new materials industry, mainly for the production of carbon fibres, abs resins/plastics, butyl rubber, platinum, etc. The device succeeded in driving once as a self-dilic device, and the first batch of acetylene products were offline.
From the plant, the product is of excellent quality, and the next successful output of the qualified diazole product was established. On March 31, 2022, the dichloride device was successfully driven once.
On July 31, 2022, the country's first “crack neck” technical butadiene appliance project was completed.
It's the core material for the production of nylon66, known as the throat of the polyamide chain. According to statistics, the ratio of nylon66 to nylon6 products in developed industrialized countries, such as Europe and the United States, is approximately 1:1, and the ratio of nylon66 to nylon6 is only 1:10, and the main reason is that nylon66 is severely undersupplied, mainly because nylon66 is poorly supplied.
It is a long-standing key ingredient of nylon 66 – the production technology of nylon, which has been monopolized abroad, with products supplied on a ration basis, limiting the development of our high-end polyamide industry.  On February 11, 2023, the nylon New Materials Project, nylon 66, succeeded in driving at once.
The success of a new set of devices after the acetyl acetylene, nediamine, and oxydinarium devices marked the full development of the entire industrial chain system of the NRIB I project, providing a more solid basis for the consolidation and cluster development of the high-end nylon new material production clusters.
Since 2015, domestic manufacturers have been able to break through many of their technology routes, and in 2019 the China Peak Group managed to break through the self-dipose production process.
Foreground: technology leads to industrial expansion, and product matrices are enriched.
Aerogel: Accompanied in 2022 with a cumulative production of 1.17 million cubic metres. New Chinese materials are developed and produced around silicone-based aerosol composites, with a national lead in technology. Silicon-based gel composite materials produced by companies are currently known to have the lowest heat conductivity and the lowest concentration of solid materials with super-highness.
Long-lived, super-heated insulation, super-fire-resistant and superior mechanical performances, widely applied in petrochemicals, thermal pipe networks, buildings, new energy vehicles, etc., are new materials in the strategic frontier of the country’s basics. In addition, the company’s own development of “cold hydrogenization” core technology has succeeded in filling our production collars in multi-crystal silicon.
A number of technological gaps in the field have led to a more than 95% reduction in production costs for polycrystal silicon, which provides a solid basis for the development of the country’s photovoltaic industry. Aerogel projects have been successfully launched.
Its Silicon-Kinam aerosol composite project, with a total investment of $4 billion, was built in three phases. The company used new technologies to produce aerosols, and 50,000 units per year were put into production. New Chinese materials were built to build their own technology, new facilities for the development, production and marketing of diversified and integrated materials, and the base project, which produced 50,000 units per year.
The Silicon-Based Aerogel Complex Warming Materials Project, which was successfully launched in February 2022 by a single-carrying vehicle, pre-saleded about 155,000 cubic metres of various products and accumulated production of 117,000 cubic metres of aerosols.
Figure 38: New Chinese material pyshieldpro + aerogel insulation product pbat: successful driving in June 2022, cumulative production of 6330 tons pbat as copolymer for phenyldiacetic acid (pta), aaa and 1.4-butadiol (bd0)
Material degradation materials are included in the country’s strategic emerging industries, and products are globally certified for degradation and biosafety, such as in the European Union and the United States.
High-technology areas such as materials, optical electrochemicals, precision chemicals, etc. are widely used and used as base materials in the transformation process.
The Tianhua industry pbat project was successfully launched in 2022. New materials in the chemical industry in the company are limited to the degradation plastic pbat project, which is a priority investment for the company and the Xinjiang Production Corps, and the first “America Cooperation” chemical industry project. The Tunghua industry produces 500,000 tons of pbat a year.
The Japan-East trade pbat main device successfully drove a series of cars, producing 6330 tons of pbat, successfully achieving its goal of “starting work that year, being completed that year, starting production within one year.” The raw material bdo price has returned to rationality, and the pbat Māori ratio has been restored.
In 2021, the production capacity of pbat rose, market demand was expected to rise significantly, and the price of raw materials (1,4-butadiol) rose sharply, leading to a sharp decline in the pbat's profitability. By the second half of 2022, the primary raw materials for pbat production would be bdo, pta, aaa, etc.
Prices have gradually returned to rationality, and pbat’s profitability has been significantly restored. Hydrogen storage: a positive layout of the hydrogen energy industry chain.
Hydrogen-based technologies have been developed for high-temperature gasification of municipal waste, while low-cost, safe and efficient hydrogen storage technologies adapted to different scenarios have been developed to effectively link the development of municipal waste resource use and hydrogen energy industries, and to build industrial chains for sound, efficient, low-carbon, resource-based and green use of urban waste.
The large-scale slag gasification hydrogen technology developed by the China Chemical Flag Subsistence Corporation applies to the intensive disposal of waste in mega-, large cities, where 30 tons of waste are currently being disposed of daily in the construction of Shandongzhou, and the five rings under the Chinese chemical flag decompress the city waste directly after drying and compressing it.
After separation to hydrogen gas, which is suitable for waste disposal in small and medium-sized cities, the company built in 2021 in Beijing as a demonstration of the industry based on high-temperature-temperature-gasification and hydrogen storage integrated solutions for urban waste Hydrogen Conversion Hydrogen and Hydrogen Energy. The pilot operation of the project enabled system-wide processes and stabilized the production of 99.9 per cent hydrogen.
The Chinese Institute of Research and Research under the chemical flag develops hydrogen storage technology for mch (methylcyclohexane) to achieve long distances for hydrogen energy, for hydrogen storage technology developed in cooperation with the China Chemical Flag Five Ring Company, and for addressing the safety and economics of hydrogen storage, hydrogen oil products can be powered by vehicle-mounted hydrogen dehydration and fuel cells to replace fuel trucks.
At present, thousands-ton hydrogen-grade demonstration units, tons-grade oil-producing units have been built in North Lake, and the Beijing House Hill Dump-up Hydrogen demonstration project also includes examples of hydrogen-oil storage and hydrogen-fuel-powered motor vehicle technology.
Pilot project on integrated applications of hydrogen storage and injection, chemical industry base, overseas market pioneers, company focus on chemical industry, foundational strength.
Construction works are the company’s core business, mainly chemical engineering, infrastructure, environmental governance. They include chemical engineering, which includes basic chemicals, petrochemicals, and coalworking, and chemical petrochemicals, which have covered more than 90% of the country’s synthetic ammonia and urea projects, phosphate and phosphine projects, pure alkali projects, coalchemicals.
90% of coal-chemical projects. In 2022, the company ' s construction and engineering operations achieved operating income of $144.2 billion, an increase of 15.4% over the same period, and new contracts of $280 billion, an increase of 9.9% over the same period.
Basic chemical workers Nitrogen fertilizers, phosphorus fertilizers, composite fertilizers; salinists such as pure alkali, chlor-alkali; polysulphate, nitrates, ammonium nitrates, etc. multi-nozzle gasification, large-scale coal break-up and pressure gasification, five cycling furnaces, Shining stoves, step-by-step mercuric gasoline,
Chemical engineering petrochemicals Synthetic gas ethanol, etc. Refined oils, polymers, aromatic hydrocarbons, etc. Fluorinated compounds, methane, chlorides, titanium powder, etc.
Industrial parks, municipalities, transport, electricity, etc. Environmental governance along the Yangtze River, ecological restoration along the Yellow River city, remediation of black and stinky bodies, etc.
In 2022, petrochemical industries grew by 1.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with 28,760 enterprises above their size achieving cumulative operating income of 16.6 trillion yuan, an increase of 14.4 per cent.
Our petrochemical industry is at an important stage of moving from the big to the strong, with great potential for growth, while “double carbon”, green economy, new infrastructure, new energy sources, new materials, etc. will generate new business markets. 1) Business needs in terms of oil prices: corporate chemical engineering needs are closely linked to downstream manufacturing operations.
Oil prices, which in turn determine the profitability of downstream manufacturing, affect the company’s chemical industry more strongly, with higher oil prices and higher demand. According to the crude-oil price index for the last three years, crude-oil prices fell in 2020, and then rebounded slowly, and oil prices are still relatively high.
2) Industry cycle in terms of the pace of investment: The chemical industry has a significant cyclicality in terms of fixed-asset investment data, and we see the situation where fixed-level investment in chemical raw materials and chemical products has increased faster than total fixed-asset investment has been completed as an expansionary cycle. In 2020, affected by the epidemic, domestic demand and overseas production were affected by the epidemic.
Then, in 2021, under the policies of “double carbon” and “stable growth” , the chemical industry began a reversal of its growth cycle. Currently, the chemical industry has embarked on a series of processes, driven by energy consumption controls, equipment safety, environmental requirements, etc.
Emphasis is placed on three areas: 1) promotion of the refining project “reducing oil”, extension of the petrochemical industry chain; 2) piloting the introduction of parks to promote a high level of concentration; by 2025, it will be the equivalent of about 70 high-quality parks with a production value of $118.3 billion a year for chemical engineering, an increase of 9.6 per cent, 75 per cent of the main battalion's income, which is higher than the share.
The annual decline of 3.96 pct is due mainly to the increased effort in undertaking tasks and project development, and the careful planning of the organization of construction, particularly the successful implementation of the Baltic Sea project. The new contract of $211.230 billion was realized in 2022, corresponding to figure 46: operating income and speed of the company ' s chemical engineering plate.
Figure 47: The number and speed of new contracts for the company’s chemical engineering plate and the increase in infrastructure operations have increased. The company’s infrastructure operations have successfully opened up market space in the infrastructure sector at the entry point for chemical parks, urban renewals, and park support facilities, which have a high degree of relevance to the chemical industry.
In 2022, operating income was 22.41 billion yuan, an increase of 58.1 per cent, or 14.3 per cent, compared with the previous year's increase of 3.88 pct. Income growth was mainly due to the smooth operation of infrastructure operations during the year and the steady progress of several projects, with new contracts of 60.664 billion yuan, or 7.6 per cent.
The company, in keeping with its professional characteristics, optimizes its markets in the fields of chemical sewage, hazardous waste, solid waste treatment, water environmental management, mine rehabilitation, and the Yangtze River, Yellow River Basin ecology.
A large number of environmental projects, such as the first phase of the ppp and the improvement of the salinized land in the city of Bayyanjul, Inner Mongolia. Business income of 3.5 billion yuan was achieved in 2022, an increase of 21 per cent compared to the previous year.
Figure 51: Number and speed of new contracts for the corporate infrastructure portfolio, pioneers in overseas markets, capital operations for development, the impact of the epidemic on external contracting and the critical international operating environment.
Of the US$ billion, y0y-0.6/0.0 per cent, new signings have resulted in marginal improvements in the contract value. In external engineering contracting, 51 per cent and 55 per cent of new contracts and turnover in countries along the “one-way” route, respectively, were important components of international engineering.
The impact of heavy factors is that external contracting is difficult to carry out. Figure 53: External contracting to complete turnover and increase speed: the company is the first Chinese enterprise to undertake offshore contracting, and it is steadily moving forward.
Over 140 institutions, located in more than 80 countries and territories, including Russia, Indonesia, Malaysia, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Kazakhstan, Turkey and Egypt, accumulated over $100 billion in contract completion in countries along the “one-way” route.
The Baltic Chemical Complex Feed+epc project advanced 93.6 billion in an orderly manner. By the end of 22, projects were pending. In 2022, the company added eight new national markets, including Argentina, Azerbaijan and Bolivia, and signed large overseas lists of Indonesian oil storage terminals, Saudi Sabikmtbe, salin in Uzbekistan, and the Pakistan lng project.
Current operating income of 33.9 billion yuan, an increase of 20.5 per cent over the previous year, and new signatures of 37.9 billion yuan, a decrease of 23.7 per cent over the same period. Figure 55: Number and rate of new contracts signed within and outside the company (in millions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 57: Comparison of the value and speed of new contracts outside the United States of America in 2022 External fund-raising operations, incentives for internal equity for development: 1) Increase rapid business transformation, with large shareholder subscriptions showing confidence.
New material, implemented with a fleet of 300 000 tonnes/year Acrylic cogeneration devices, 50,000 tonnes/year sodium cyanide devices, 90,000 tonnes/year hydrogen cyanide devices, 200,000 tonnes/year hydrazine devices, 200,000 tonnes/year hydrogen-filling units, 200,000 tonnes/year nylon 66 and slice devices, with boilers, sewage, incineration, air fractions
By means of this increase, the company continues to push for business development and speed up the transformational upgrading. A limited stock of 5.99.6 million shares were awarded to a number of senior and middle-level managers, business cadres, etc.
The votes, the directors and senior managers each received 240,000 shares, and the middle management and core cadres each were awarded a gradual increase in the conditions for unblocking and demonstrating confidence in the efficiency of corporate development. Financial indicators were sound and asset structures were superior to those of the industry.
The expansion is still under way, and the company’s Māori rate is expected to rise as the subsequent high-māori business projects continue to develop. Figure 60: The company’s Māori sales rate, net interest rate (in %) and financial cost rates have remained almost equal over the years.
Expenditures. In 2022, R & D costs for companies increased by 15.1 per cent from the same year: 4 R & D projects were issued by the Ministry of Science and Technology, 2 technologies were selected for the National Catalogue of Recommendations for Energy-efficient Technologies in Industry and Informationization (2022 edition), and 3 national standards and 4 industry standards were developed with State authorization
666 patents, one prize from the 23rd China Patent Award, two prizes from silver and one prize for excellence, and 12 prizes from provincial ministries for progress in science and technology.
Figure 62: Corporate R & D costs and acceleration (in billions of yuan, per cent), mainly due to the increase in cash from fixed assets, intangible assets and foreign investment payments during the current period; fund-raising activities: net cash outflows of $840 million, net inflows of $6.09 billion during the same period in the previous year, mainly due to firm increases in 2021
Figure 65: The company’s annual pay-as-you-go ratio (in thousands of US dollars) The company’s industrial chain is higher than that of traditional construction enterprises, and its asset structure is healthier. According to the characteristics of the chemical engineering industry, China’s chemical industry chain is higher than that of traditional construction enterprises, with higher technical barriers on one hand, and chemical engineering on the other.
The characteristics of high temperature pressure, flammable explosion, etc. require more technology for the construction process, on the other hand, companies are downstream customers, mostly manufacturing enterprises, while traditional construction enterprises are downstream local governments or real estate developers, and manufacturing enterprises are more secure.
An average of 48.6 per cent of assets received, 21.6 per cent of monetary funds, and an average of industry-wide monetary funds measured according to the expected progress of the company's operations over the last three years: 1. Chemical engineering: chemical plates are central to the company's operations, as noted above, in “double carbon” and “stable growth”
2. Infrastructure 2. Corporate infrastructure blocks have successfully opened up market space in the area of infrastructure, if followed up by chemical parks, urban renewals, and park support facilities, at the entry point of the chemical industry with a high degree of relevance to the chemical industry.
Environmental governance: Environmental governance is expected to optimize the development of markets for chemical sewage, hazardous waste, solid waste disposal, water environmental management, mine rehabilitation, etc., and to keep pace with the ecological protection of the Yangtze and Yellow River basins.
4. Business: The company ' s business block is currently successfully driving the Tsingsusujiang project, the East China pbat project and producing high-quality products, the Chinese land gas gel project has been steadily operating and the business product matrix has been enriched. Assumptions: 1) The company has no new production projects for the next three years except those that are announced to be operational in 2023; 2)
5. Modern services: The company ' s modern services business is represented by financial operations, with a focus on integration of production. The latest corporate development strategy states that reform and innovation will be the driving force, focusing on the dominant business, actively developing modern services and following the path of specialization, diversification and internationalization.
3. The company ' s management costs/business income are expected to remain generally at the same level over the next three years, an increase of 1 per cent over the average of the previous three years.The company ' s business tax surcharge/business income for the next three years is expected to be the average of the previous three years.
Sensitivity analysis of profit projections: The company is predominantly contracted for chemical engineering, actively expands the business map, and in the future new signatures for related projects, the pace of construction, the pace of settlement, and the performance of business projects will determine the growth of the company’s future net profits. We divide profit projections into optimistic, neutral and pessimistic forecasts.
In this case, the level of corporate revenue and Māori rates is to a greater or lesser extent than expected; (2) In a pessimistic situation, we use both absolute and relative valuations to estimate the reasonable value of the company.
An analysis of the sensitivity of absolute valuations: when constant growth rates and discount rates change at the same time, the absolute value of companies is relative to one of the eight major buildings with low-value engineering characteristics on the one hand, and chemical, professional engineering on the other, while expanding the business landscape on the other. So we choose three comparable companies: 1) professional engineering on the other hand.
China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
Sea oil engineering, coal-chemicals on behalf of the company's wealth of energy; 3) Business plate-comparable company, China Peak Chemical (polyurethane research and development, production and sale of products), Thelma (Niron 66 Industrial Chain Quality Company), East China Technology (pbat), based on comparative company per share of revenues forecast, average value of professional engineering company pe in 2023 was 9.94 times that of the chemical industry.
The average value of a company is 14.47 times the average value of a company and 16.12 times the average value of a company. China's chemical engineering industry is heavier, and we keep the pe at 10.4 x, which is equivalent to $11.96 per share, 13.3% of the current value of the stock.
Dioxin is a breakthrough in national production, deep-seated nylon industrial chain. We predict the company ' s net profit from 2023-2025, and we use absolute valuation and relative valuation methods that combine multiple perspectives to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company in terms of the calculation of capital costs (wacc) and the selection of parameters for comparable company valuations.
In turn, the risk of a deviation in the valuation, specifically: 1. Weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm ' s absolute valuation, with no risk rate of 2.5 per cent and risk premium of 6.5 per cent assumed in the calculation of wacc, and there may still be a failure to fully assess the risk premium for it.
2. We assume that the company ' s tv growth rate of 0.2 per cent over the next 10 years may result in negative growth due to the industry ' s full saturation over the next 10 years, resulting in the risk of an overvaluation of the company ' s valuation;
3. In terms of relative valuation, we have selected the company ' s industrial engineering construction and chemosification unit to represent the company as a comparable company for the valuation of 10.4 timespe in 2023, which we may have based on more assumptions about the company ' s profitability, including the following:
1. Growth rate of operating income: our assumption that the company will grow its operating income over the next three years is optimistic, thus overestimating the risk of performance over the next three years; 2. Operating costs, management costs, research and development costs, sales costs, turnover taxes and surcharges, income tax rates, etc.
Assuming that the movement average for the first three years is largely applied, there may be a risk of special fluctuations in the future, leading to large deviations in the company’s profit projections. The company’s chemical engineering industry has a clear cyclical nature, a limited expansion cycle and a macroeconomic exposure.
The impact of the operation is greater and there are less than expected policy risks; on the other hand, the corporate portfolio of research and development will require substantial capital to realize business income of 33.9 billion yuan, an increase of 20.5 per cent over the same period, a significant increase, and the Russian Baltic Chemical Complex Feed+epc project, which still has 64.3 billion outstanding projects and may be exposed to foreign investment risks.
The risk of investment abroad is that it is influenced by factors such as local social, political, economic, cultural, policy regulations, domestic policies and the enterprise’s internationalized pool of talent, which may result in the risk of investment failure, low return on investment than expected, low safety and security of personnel, and damage to the reputation of the enterprise.
The impact of foreign policy changes, government executive intervention and other factors may make offshore construction projects unnatural 36.7 per cent of corporate assets receivable in 2022 and 48.6 per cent of industry-wide property receivables below the average value of Schenjiang. The ratio is still close to two-fifths high. Companies are subject to both domestic and external macroeconomic factors, among others.
In recent years, the company has accelerated the expansion of its portfolio. On the one hand, the business project has a long life cycle, high risk, and investment.
Post-partum risks may fall short of expectations for R & D; on the other hand, a combination of production and sales of the relevant products. Price fluctuations have a significant impact on project returns and, if they fall short of expectations, lead to business receivables and profit companies facing construction safety risks for construction projects, including enterprise implementation of management systems, implementation of measures,
The lack of effective management of technology, subcontract management, equipment management, accident management, etc., has led to major production safety accidents and safety concerns in enterprises.The authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author