Big clients are making good progress with improved downstream demand, and the transition period will continue with a high growth logic.
In the first quarter of 2019, the company was expected to return to its motherland.
In 2019, new areas such as artificial intelligence, new energy vehicles, and 5g communications will continue to function as engines for sustained growth in semiconductor markets. Companies simulate chips in high-performance signal chains and efficient low-power power source management models.
The company’s multiplicity of new high-unit products has been validated and is expected to be released continuously in 19-20 years. All of the Division’s analogue chip products are system-oriented and have been developed in recent years.
By developing model chip products that are high-origin, companies have gradually increased their distance from their domestic competitors. Companies have recently been certified in customers with multiple high-end simulation chips (which are many times higher than average unit prices).
The company continues to invest more in R & D, enrich the R & D structure of its R & D staff, and accelerate the gap between local simulators and chip manufacturers.
New heights, company R & D projects in 2018 are progressing well, with more than 200 new products being introduced, with an annual upward trend in the ratio of revenue to business income and the number of R & D personnel.
Plus, the slowdown in growth in the transition period does not affect long-term growth.2 St. State shares three-quarter performance rating: product customers are making good progress3, St. State shares (300661): R & D is constantly adding codes, simulating dragons
São Paulo shares (300661); large clients are making progress with improved downstream demand, transition is going to continue with a high growth logic.
Yang Raki, research assistant profile, Liu Hui Sha.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.