In addition, the company announced a total of RMB 15.8 billion in debt swaps.
The three-quarterly report on Eastern Wealth has outperformed expectations and continued to grow. 1) The current operating income for the first three quarters of 2020 was between +92.0% and +5.95 billion, and the mother’s net profit was between +143.7% and +340.0 billion.
The average market stock base days were between +57.4 per cent and $91.9 billion, and the market base days in the third quarter were between +307 per cent and +46.2 billion, and we judged that the daily fund's holdings continued to rise as equity market conditions increased (more than 70 per cent of the Fund's operating income was from sales of tail maids and sales services).
(a) As of the end of June 2019, the market share of East Asian Brokerage had reached a significant increase in the stock exchange rate, which was expected to continue to rise.
In the second half of the year, we've seen a marked increase in market activity, corporate capital, and the prospect of a broker market in the first line of the industry, looking forward to the second half of the year’s performance. 2) The company’s net interest income from 2020q1-3 is between +88.5% and $1.10 billion (notably higher).
To help improve the stickyness of high-quality clients (higher risk preferences, relatively more active transactions), the two-fold business market is over, of which $6.5 billion is to expand the size of the two-fold business. The company today announces a $15.8 billion transferable debt plan, which will continue to be used to replenish the operating funds of the Eastern securities and is expected to go with the capital.
Complementary to this is the prospect of a further increase in the market share of the company’s two-way business and a continued high rate of growth.
In the first half of the year, between 1.5 and 530 million yuan was reduced. 2) The income structure of the Fund’s operations was further optimized, with the revenue from commissions and sales services rising as a percentage of the income from financial e-commerce services operations.
The Department maintains a high degree of user stickyness in the equity market, and funds (especially non-monetary) retain a mid-year rating: net profit gain of $1.05 billion for mothers. 3) As the Eastern Fiscal Fund products continue to be online, companies formally enter the wealth management market.
The third tier of liquidity is accelerated to see companies demonstrate three natural core advantages in the area of wealth management: customer resources, desktop systems, operating costs, and future performance in fund creation, investment consultants, clients, and long-term development.
There will be great potential for household asset allocation. Keep up with the high growth, see long-term development, and then the equity business will expand further, adding up to the third tier of the Fund's upward flow.
The net profit is 48.1 and 6.35 billion yuan, respectively, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Figure 7: Net profit and increase in Eastern European securities 2015-2020h1