Portfolio and fund market occupancy accelerated, three quarters outperformed Eastern wealth (300059.sz) 17 October 2020
Investment ratings: Purchases (maintenance) • Three quarters performance increases faster than expected, profit forecasts up, and “buy-in” ratings are maintained
Gold sales have increased significantly, company performance has been fully released, and the effects of brokering, blending and fund sales are expected to be reversed. Companies have a clear advantage in the area of Internet securities, financial management, and have benefited fully from the significant expansion of residential assets to fund markets, where daily fund markets have experienced an unexpected increase.
At the end of 2020q3, the market-wide non-monetary fund (off-site) holdings were estimated at 9.6 trillion, corresponding to +83 per cent, compared with the year + 62 per cent, ring + 23 per cent, and with the expansion of the Fund's market, a rapid increase in the stock of companies is expected. We expect the size of the non-capital holdings of companies to double at the beginning of the year or to double, and the size of the market is expected to double at the end of September.
Cakes are expanding, companies rely on differentiated advantages, and the city’s share is expected to grow faster than the market expects.
We estimate that the market share or growth rate of the stock exchange of the company 2020q3 is higher than expected, and that the fund sales benefit from the market. According to the Ignorance Mansail data, 14.3 million people, or +22 per cent, were living in September 2020 in Eastern wealth appliance.
The company's first-time coverage report - a monthly roll-out of residential assets. 3) The company is planning to issue a transferable debt, which will add to the company's business market, flow and product advantage - 2020.8.11.
The long-term financial base, the benefits of reforms in the registration system and the scope for follow-on company securities operations are vast.