The three-quarterly report exceeded expectations, and debt could be transferred to finance two-way operations: the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre incident: the company disclosed the three-quarters of 2020 and the q1-q3 company achieved operating income of $5.95 billion in 2020.
A 92% increase over the same period; a net return of 3.4 billion yuan, or 143.7% over the same period, was achieved; in addition, companies announced plans for the issuance of $15.8 billion in tradable debt.
The equity fund has grown in enthusiasm, driving companies to record record highs in performance. Companies q1 and q2 return in the first quarter, yielding $2.6 billion.
• The market share of securities, funds and sales is expected to increase further, contributing to high performance growth. 1) The securities sector, with low commissions + advantage of Internet channels, has further increased the fees and commissions of securities brokering by 2020q1-3 to the top of the industry. Among these, the market share has risen from 1% in 2018q1 to 1% in 2018q1.
The Division’s market share is expected to increase further and its performance is expected to continue at a high rate. 2) The company’s q3 fund, benefiting from the advantages of space-based gold networks and high user stickyness, collects $1.05 billion, an increase of 173.5 per cent. The company expects to maximize the flow of funds and community operations using the daily fund application.
The time for wealth management has come to see long-term corporate growth. Industry commissions have continued to fall, and bond dealers have been transformed into wealth management businesses. As corporate fund products have been on the line, there has been a rise in the ratio of fund sales to the stock management market, and Easter money has entered the wealth management market.
The company’s Internet gene reinforced the platform, R & D advantages and operated less than industry averages.
Continued high performance growth driven by sales (2020-08-13) Steady roll-out, enhanced trading activity in securities and fund markets and a good external environment; and consolidation
Once again, companies issue re-borrowable debt and further increase capital strength, and we value it at 60 times as much as 2020, assuming that: as capital market reforms are steadily under way and t+0 is implemented, securities transactions become more active. The ability of firms to cash out is further strengthened, and there are synergies with the rising stock ratios.
Assumption 2: The company is expected to re-borrow, and the capital money is further enriched. The company’s income will continue to be significantly higher than that of the funds in the sky fund app, which will lead to a further increase in the market share of the fund’s operations.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.