The equity market is active and the funds are running out of fire, pushing ahead with expectations, Eastern wealth (300059.sz) and Wuping.
Recently, the company issued its third-quarter report for 2020.1 1) The business environment of the company ' s full-beneficial benefits is yielding a good dividend and its performance is higher than expected The company achieved a gross operating income of $5.946 billion in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 92.00 per cent over the same period; and the net return to the mother
33.98 billion yuan, an increase of 143.66 per cent in the same year; basic eps 0.42 dollars, an increase of 135.80 per cent in the same year; weighted average of roe 14.26 per cent, an increase of 6.83 percentage points in the same year, showing a higher than expected performance. q3 companies continue to operate in a favourable environment, equity markets are becoming more active, funds are investing more strongly, and the company ' s performance is increasing significantly, with the firm ' s 03 operating.
2) Market turn-over activity plus higher market share of the company, which boosted the growth of securities business income by 2,536 million yuan in net fees and commissions in the first three quarters, a 74.23 per cent increase in the same period, mainly benefiting from the increase in the heat of the stock base and the increase in the company’s market share. In the first three quarters of 2020, the stock exchange in the two deep markets accumulated.
In the third quarter, the market heat has increased further, the company’s low-server advantage has expanded, the city’s share has continued to rise, income elasticity has emerged, and the company’s net revenue from fees and commissions in the first quarter of the third quarter has increased by 1,105 million yuan, compared with an increase of 121.07 per cent.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved net interest income of $1.097 billion, an increase of 88.51 per cent over the same period, mainly in the form of public-sector financing coupons and the deposit of joint financial interest earnings. Market risk preferences increased, driving companies to keep their two-way business going. The market balance at the end of the third quarter was $1.49 trillion, an increase of 57.07 per cent over the end of the second quarter.
3) Fund sales are hot, financial e-commerce services are performing well, companies are leading Internet fund sales, actively take advantage of industry development opportunities, further enrich product lines, increase R & D technology inputs, strengthen service innovation, enhance user experience, enhance user stickyness, and consolidate and strengthen industry leaders
On October 15, 2020, the Eastern Wealth Bonds closed out the $8 billion corporate debt scheme and received a detailed letter of no-objection. On October 21, the company issued a public announcement to prepare for the issuance of a transferable debt to a specific target.
Within 15.8 billion yuan, net fund-raising will be used to supplement the operations of the Eastern wealth securities of the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, to support its business development and optimize its business structure. As corporate financing programmes continue, capital capacity will be further strengthened, increasing the company’s combined competitiveness and resilience to risks, and opening up the capital mix, investment, etc.
Companies have been working on Internet information and financial services for many years, with a strong customer base and a strong flow advantage. Companies have continued to strengthen their leadership in the relevant business areas through low-server strategies and flows, raising their market share, and with capital market reforms such as "t+0 " , companies are expected to benefit deeply and grow in space.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.