Treasure steel shares (600019.sh) - mid-2023, product upgrades, second-quarter performance improvement, steel-poo steel.
In the first half of 2023, the business sector operated in a weak manner, with companies increasing their product operations, deepening cost-cutting efforts, insisting on technological innovation, performing better than the industry, achieving business income of $17,222 million, a 7.62 per cent decline in the same year, and a net profit of $4,552 million for the mother, the same thing.
In addition, the company maintains a semi-annual cash share, accounting for 53.61% of the net profit attributable to the parent shareholders in the first half of the consolidated statements. Product upgrading drives the “10000” strategy.
The 52-week maximum/minimum price differential strategy landed, with 25,56 million tons of steel sold in the first half of the year, an increase of 1.47 million tons in the same year, and 1,288 million tons in the same year for “10 million” products, an increase of 600,000 tons in the same year, or 50.39 per cent.
In addition, in the first half of the year, the company achieved the global launch of seven products such as 1,500 pampap for super-high motor panels, Bnh8 for cold steel; 3,578,000 tons of new test products were sold; and high levels of unattractiveness for the new energy automobile industry led to full-scale production of the specialized production lines of silicon steel.
Silicon steel taps, yield is expected to continue to rise. The demand boom, which was high in the first half of the year, is based on solid prices for silicon steel and new energy vehicles. As a leading company in the silicone industry, new advances have been made in high-quality development, and the Bosan base has entered the Silic steel product structure optimization (two-step) project.
In addition, the company has planned several silicon steel projects, which have now been set up, and its future production of silicon steel is expected to increase further.
In the first half of the year, the cost was reduced by 2,985 million dollars. In the first half of the year, the cost of company sales, the pipe, the stock exchange (600019.sh) and the third quarter of 2022 were evaluated: industry pressure, companies.
0.22% of this decrease is evident in financial costs, mainly due to the increase in net exchange gains and lower net interest expenditure. “Standard shares” (600019.sh)-2022: accelerated growth of core products, “Standard shares” (600019.sh)-2021 and “Standards”.22
Investment proposals: The company is a leading company and long-term leader in industrial development. Taking into account the lack of recovery in demand in the sector, the 3-quarter review of Treasure Steel Stock — 600019-2021: Quality efficiency gains, enhanced segmentation, business performance remained the highest in the country.
In addition, the company maintains its semi-annual cash share, plans to find gold dividends per share, upgrades its products, and promotes the “10000” strategy. The company maintains its strategy of differentiation and actively promotes the “10000” difference.
In addition, in the first half of the year, the company achieved a global launch of seven products such as 1500 madp, cold-cold steel bnh8;
In the first half of the year, the price of unattended silicone steel was solid. According to the data, 12,295 tons of electric steel were produced in the first half of the year.
This represents an increase of 16.98 per cent over the same year; of these, about 82.91 million tons of high magnetically sensitive electric steel, 24.96 per cent over the same year. 6.02.17 million tons of electric steel were unattended, 7.23 per cent over the same year; of these, about 39.26 million tons were new to new energy vehicles using high-licensed, unattended electric steel.
In addition, the company has planned a number of silicone projects, which are now in place, and its future silicone steel production is expected to increase further, including the unopposed silicone product structure optimization of its base.
(three steps) Plan to add an unopposed silicon steel capacity of 200,000 tonnes/year, super-high-level silicon green manufacturing Model project to add a high-licensed silicon capacity of 220,000 tonnes/year; a new energy source in Qingshan base to no silicon steel structure optimization project to add a high-licensed silicon capacity of 550,000 tonnes/year and a high-end silicon steel green system.
The company’s long-term focus on bid-seeking and cost-cutting is to continue to push down the downside costs, including efficiency improvements, economic stoves, energy consumption, strict cost controls, etc., for the first six months of the year.
Realization of cost reductions of 2,985 million. In terms of the cost of the period, there was a marked decline in the first half of the year in corporate sales costs, management costs, research and financial costs, mainly due to an increase in net exchange gains and a decrease in net interest expenditure.
Figure 6: Average sale price of a single-season sub-product ($/t) Figure 7: Changes in corporate Māori rates and net interest rates (%) Figure 8: Change in cost over company period (%)
Investment recommendations: the company is the leading firm in long-term leadership of industry development. Given that the recovery in demand in the industry has not been expected, the author has assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, without any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.