Treasure steel stock (600019.sh) Metal material group q2 rings better than the silicon steel product.
q2 performance ring improvement. The steel market was weak in the first half of the year, the steel market was weak in supply, the steel price was generally low, and the company tried to overcome the downside of the market and the price spread.
Pressures and challenges, such as narrowness, to achieve 24,271,000 tons of iron production, 259,943,000 tons of steel production, and 25,562,000 tons of goods sold. Companies increased their operations by the same 27 per cent in the first half of the year, while deeper cost-cutting efforts resulted in a 29,85 per cent cost reduction in the first half of the year.
Technology innovation is a low-carbon transformation, with remarkable results. Companies insist on technological innovation, leading the first six months towards the global launch of seven products, such as 1,500 pampadp on super-high motor panels and cold steel binh8; 3,578,000 tons of new products sold, exceeding annual targets; and towards new energy sources.
The high-level unopportunity-free production line for silicon steel in the automobile industry; volume I, low-carbon-emitting steel for Benz; the successful de-linking of the Qingshan base ' s top end-of-life steel over the low-carbon car plate; the orderly advancement of the construction of the steel zero-carbon demonstration line in the Shan River; and the addition of a light-volt machine with a capacity of 25.1 mw.
The market for silicon steel products continues to break down. In the first half of the year, the company base took the structure of silicone steel products.
The proposed project ' s Silicon Steel Base is unopposed (three steps) to optimize the structure of the silicon products, adding a new unopposed silicon steel production capacity of 200,000 tonnes/year: super-high-level green-manufacturing demonstration project for silicon steel production. Add a high-platform silicon production capacity of 220,000 tonnes/year.
The steel structure optimization project, with a new high-licensed unopposed silicon steel production capacity of 550,000 tonnes/year; the high-end green structure optimization project, with a new high-end silicon steel production capacity of 220,000 tonnes/year.
Downstream demand is lower than expected; raw materials are higher than expected; projects are less advanced than expected.