For the first time, it was recommended that the outbreak be covered in 2021, and that the market in Beijing, the company's core base, be more heavily affected by the disease.
The company’s passenger capacity dropped by 2.3% year-on-year, and its price-fixing strategy, in 2021, led to an increase of 9.85% in passenger-kilometre revenue compared to the price premium, which was the main factor in the recovery of passenger revenue. Air freight remains relatively high.
(2) Central airport hub in the capital city, with a high quality of domestic routes. The country's air traffic now forms the basis of the company's business base (the price of 2020517) and the four-angled diamond network in Beijing, Chengdu, Shanghai and Shenzhen, covering China's largest economy.
In the regions with the highest population density, high-quality products and total equity/flow capital (million shares) are provided to mid- and high-end public business passengers.
The total market value/market value in circulation (billion yuan) is that China Air Group core resources, such as quality routes and time, create natural barriers to competition, thus increasing the pre-competitive advantage.
The top 9 of the 15 major routes, the second highest in the number of companies, and the most valuable network of routes and public-business passenger resources. According to the summer and autumn season schedule in 2021, the average number of flights per week of the three major high-quality 15 routes in the country amounted to more than 60 per cent.
The company has a leading market share in its domestic flights to mainstream international routes such as Europe and North America. The company has a well-developed network of international routes, and the rate of growth in international transport continues to be around 10%.
Line capacity accounted for a high proportion of total capacity, 41.7 per cent in 2019, significantly higher than 31.6 per cent in South China and 36.5 per cent in East China. After the epidemic, national navigation quickly returned to international routes, according to April 2022, with 6.91 per cent of international and regional routes, compared to 3.34 per cent in the post-infested valley.
During the year, the size of the fleet was the third largest in the country, but there were 116, or 15,65 per cent, of the fleet, the highest in the country, considering that the international transport capacity of the fleet was mainly carried by the broad body, a large wide body aircraft would play an important role in the recovery of the international line.
(4) The airline sector is expected to re-construct prosperity with a combination of market-based changes in both supply and demand. At the demand end, the recovery of the airline industry is short-term affected by the pace of vaccinations both within and outside the country. In the medium-term, demand continues to grow as a result of the localization of tourism markets, and in the long-term macroeconomic recovery.
The size of the team grew by less than 6% compared to 19 years, the expansion of industry-wide capacity slowed down during the 1455s, and the increase in capacity utilization will also accelerate the decline in demand and supply of scissors, which will provide a strong boost to civil aviation revenue levels. The trend towards market-based changes in fare prices has remained unchanged, and the rate of domestic and foreign vaccinations has increased significantly.
In the context of the gradual recovery of international flights, the supply and demand patterns of the industry are expected to improve continuously. (5) High oil prices and high costs.
At the cost side, the company's three-fee level is constant. At the cost side, the cost of the oil is the maximum, we think the global crude oil supply and demand gap will be long-term, and the price of oil will be high.
Long-term high-level operations, testing the operating costs of companies. Potential catalysts: increasing vaccination rates: opening the international line: introduction of industry fleets, increasing the risk of competition in markets: the risk of a global epidemic changing beyond expectations: the price of oil has risen dramatically.
The renminbi has been devalued significantly. 1 The only flag carrier in the country with a full-scale layout, 1.1 the only flag carrier in the country, has a strong brand.
China International Air Corporation (CIAC) was founded in 1988. In October 2002, China International Airlines, in conjunction with China Air General and China Southwest Airlines, formed the China Air Group Company. In September 2004, China International Air Corporation changed with the approval of the State Council Assets Merger Committee.
As the only civil aviation company currently flying with a flag, China has been tasked with securing charter flights, VIP charters, emergency flights, visits by foreign leaders, etc.
China’s brand name is “Professional Trust, International Quality, China’s Model.” As a practitioner, promoter, leader, and member of the world’s largest aviation union, the Star and Space Alliance. For 14 years in a row, China was rated World Brand Laboratory as “World Brand 500” and the only country in which China’s civil aviation entered the world.
In June 2021, the country was ranked 23rd in the world brand laboratory as China's 500th most valuable brand and first in the domestic air services industry; and the National Committee of Winners for the 2013-2015 term of branding.
“Countered Business” honorary title: The national airline brand was jointly rated by the British Financial Times and the United States McKinsey Management Consulting as “China’s 10 largest world-class brands.” With the world’s first-class safe performance and the country’s leading combined operations, it has broad brand recognition and good brand reputation among consumers.
Chart 1: The history of the development of the national voyage is strong, with one of China’s three major fleets. China Air Group Ltd., one of China’s major shareholders, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Air (China Air Group) Ltd., which holds China directly and indirectly through its wholly-owned subsidiary China
The State Aviation Committee of the State Council holds 90% of the shares of the company of the China Air Group and is the actual controlling agent of the State Navigation of China. The State Aviation Company, Inc., holds 18.13% of the shares of the State Aviation Company and is the first airline to provide civil aviation services in Hong Kong.
The market has been helped to develop steadily by the lower cost of financing.
The main operations of the State Air Service, which is divided into air passenger and air cargo and mail transport, achieved revenue of 58.317 billion yuan in 2021, representing 78.24 per cent of the revenue received in the camps, an increase of 2,590 million yuan over the same period. Of this amount, the outbreak was highly perturbated in 2021, and the company's core base, Beijing, was more stringent because of the policy of immunization, with the company's passenger capacity dropping by 2.3 per cent the same year, with the company's passenger capacity falling by 2.3 per cent in 2021.
The gain of 0.5574 is a 9.9% increase over the same period in 2020, and a 4.4% increase over the same period in 2019. The price-fixing policy belt, which raises passenger kilometre earnings by 9.85% over the same period, is a major factor in the recovery of passenger revenues. Air freight continues to be relatively high, with the country’s air traffic revenue of 11.1113 billion yuan in 2021, representing 14.91% of revenue, an increase of 2.560 billion yuan over the same period.
Figure 6: Share of revenue from national sub-operations (millions) Figure 7: Major impact of the epidemic on the Maori rate of national shipping Chart 8: The decline in net interest rates is the main cause of the fall in roe
In 2021, the ask/rpk fell by 2.3 per cent/ 4.7 per cent in the same year, the passenger rate fell by 1.75 percentage points to 68.63 per cent in the same year, and the passenger kilometre earnings increased by 9.9 per cent in the same year; the ask/rpk recovered to 53 per cent/45 per cent in 2019, respectively, compared to figure 10: the Chinese air passenger rate (%)
2-card core routes and hub resources, with a clear competitive advantage of 2.1 to build a framework of a diamond-shaped network with the capital airport as its hub, with four main airports at its core, the four-angled diamond-shaped network layout, and the core hub of the airport in the capital city.
Shenzhen’s Transnistrian Network, Beijing’s most central hub, Chengdu, Shanghai, and Shenzhen, are important sub-hubs, covering China’s most economically developed and densely populated areas, providing high-quality products and services to mid- and high-end public business passengers. Beijing’s hub’s market leaders.
As a core node for Europe, Asia and North America, the capital city of Beijing International Airport has a unique geographical location, easy and efficient transit process, close and efficient coordination and cooperation to make it the most convenient air hub to connect the three major Asian, European and United States air markets.
China’s main airlines, such as Air, have established operating bases at Beijing Capital International Airport.
In the summer and autumn of 2022, the internal line was at the same time as in the summer and autumn of 2022.
National, East, South.
In 2019, Beijing Daesing International Airport became operational in Beijing.
As the two largest major base airlines now operating in two cities, the company will take advantage of the historic opportunity of building a hub in Beijing, continue to focus its resources and efforts, accelerate the improvement of hub functions, improve operating efficiency and service security, continuously optimize the network of routes, build a world-class air hub at Beijing Capital International Airport, and help Beijing.
The International Airport has become a “new engine for national development.” In response to the pressure on trans-shipments to divert customers from national flights, while it does lead to a drop in passenger flows and flight volumes, it is also important to note that, through a two-fold increase in the share and quality of trans-shipment international routes, the profitable quality of the inter-national routes is expected to continue to rise. The domestic airline market is vast, and the Beijing region is a radiation source.
The national portal, influenced by economic development and the growing international influence, looks like JFK and Newark in New York at Capital Airport and Da-Hing Airport, benefiting from the capital’s rich public business customer resources.
Beijing, as the capital, is not only China’s most important political city, but also an important business centre, bringing together a large number of public business guests. Beijing’s dense population and party politics provide a continuous base of visitors. Nearly 60% of the city’s population is located in the city’s 6th district.
The capital airport is located in the north-east of Beijing, at a distance of 25.35 km from Tiananmen, and is more capable of absorbing the local population. With the exception of Beijing, the country’s air traffic is actively deployed at the Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Chengdu hubs.
About one-third of the new international flights from Shanghai started in the summer and autumn of 2016 and the winter and spring season of 2016-17. At Chengdu International Airport, China’s fourth largest air hub (after Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou), the world’s top 50 busy airports, and the internationalization of Chengdu airports are moving fast.
This compares to 68 per cent, with 30.3 per cent, 8 per cent and 32 per cent at Chengdu, Shanghai and Shenzhen airports, respectively. 2.2 Routes are evenly distributed, with the highest potential for post-epidemiological fare increases.
The company has long adhered to the principle of balanced domestic and international development to support the international market, advanced the globalization of the network, continued the construction of the Beijing-level international hub, built the capital international hub, and implemented the national development strategy. Over the years of business accumulation, a broad and balanced network of domestic and international routes has been formed, covering China’s largest economy.
In 2021, Beijing opened its new capital, Aksu-Thumshuk, Beijing Dae-Hing-zhou, and other domestic routes, such as Chengdu, Tsang Tianyang, Chengdu-North Sea, Shanghai, Shanghai, Shanghai, and China. The company also opened new domestic routes, such as Changchun-Feng, Tianjin-Nanning, Wuhan-Ningbo, Hangzhou-Ningwe.
The city share of high-quality routes in the country is clearly ahead of that of other companies, building natural barriers to competition by targeting core resources, such as high-quality routes and moments. The top 15 routes have the highest number of companies, with six out of nine, with the second highest number, and with the most valuable network of routes and public business passenger resources.
In the summer and autumn season of 2021, the average number of flights per week was more than 60% of the country’s three major high-quality 15 routes. The country’s advantage was evident on the main line, with 8 of the country’s top 15 routes (Beijing-Shangdu, Beijing-Hangzhou, North Beijing-King-King, Beijing-Dalian, Beijing-Nachang, Beijing-Naking, Beijing-Sincheon, Beijing-Sincheon, and Beijing-Quiyang) accounting for 40%.
Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, Beijing, Guangzhou, Beijing, China, Chengdu, Shanghai, Beijing, Kunming, and North Beijing, Sanya have more than 20% of all routes. The international line is high, and the post-infection rebound is expected.
Prior to 2010, the share of the international shipping line in the three major international routes was half a wall. In recent years, international shipping has become the focus of competition among airlines, and the catch-up of other airlines has led to a further acceleration of the network.
The Division has a leading market share in the country’s mainstream international routes to Europe and North America. The company’s international network of routes is well developed, the rate of inter-state capacity growth is sustained at around 10%, and the international capacity is high at 41.7% of total capacity in 2019, which is significantly higher than the 31.6% of South and 36.5% of East.
According to the report, the proportion of international and regional shipping routes is 6.91 per cent, compared with the post-influx peak, which is 3.34 per cent, and the remaining fleets, which are headed for the south, have grown rapidly with the expansion of the national chart, and by the end of 2021, Phoenix had informed of the news.
More than 72,656 thousand people have been recruited to stabilize high-end members in the face of the epidemic, and a phased programme has been introduced in due course. Regular travellers contribute 56.8% of the company’s passenger revenue, increasing their share of income by 4.5 percentage points over the same period. The number of registered users of the country’s air applications has risen by 14.2 million, with steady and rapid growth. In 2021, 407 new large clients were developed, with effective clients.
The number of households reached 3,861. 2.3 The fleet was the largest in the country, with the largest share of broad-body aircraft, accelerated renovations and steady expansion of the fleet. The three largest fleets were the most robust.
Of these, 29 aircraft were leased for financing and 14 were leased for operating. Four aircraft were withdrawn, including one, for an average age of 8.23 years. Of these, a total of 467 aircraft were flown for an average age of 8.39 years. 37 aircraft were brought in, of which 5 were rented wet from Macao Aviation and 1 was withdrawn.
The fleet is the third largest in the country, with the largest number of broad-body aircraft. By 2021, the fleet was the third largest in the country, but the fleet was 116, or 15.65 per cent, with the highest number of aircraft in the country.
In the event of an epidemic, the Division is generally cautious about recovery of demand, and it is expected that the plans and pace of future industry-wide flights will be reduced to a lower level in order to reduce the pressure on cash flow from capital expenditure.3 Excellent cost controls and profitability
3.1 Cost controls are excellent, profitier than colleagues, and the three most profitable flights. The performance of airlines depends to a large extent on the quality of routes, which are influenced by locational factors and client structure.
As the most important centre of political and economic activity in the country, with a large pool of high-value public-business passengers, even in the face of high-iron shocks, Kyoto routes maintain relatively high rates of passenger occupancy and profitable water, despite the low overall supply level of the routes. On the contrary, some of the routes between small and medium-sized cities face intense competition.
Given the relatively high share of customers compared to large cities, these routes have a relatively high price elasticity in terms of demand, price increases are easy to shift passengers to other modes of transport, markets are difficult to nurture, and, in the face of airline supply shocks, they benefit from base advantage and a good route structure within the country, and the country's passenger kilometre earnings have been comparable since 2008.
In terms of stability, and the difference in income per unit with the East and South voyages, there is a growing trend from year to year. From the three main available flights, the return on the kilometre (rask), it is known that in 2021 the Chinese State sails were 0.56, Orient Air is 0.50, South Air is 0.49, and the cost of the State sails is essentially similar to the cost structure of each of the divisions, with the highest cost of the oil, followed by depreciation costs and employees.
During the year 2021, companies achieved operating costs of $858.4 billion, an increase of 13.5 per cent, single billion, an increase of 39.7 per cent, an increase of 43 per cent to 0.1358 per cent in unit asterisk oil costs. In non-oil costs, the cost of non-oils, due to higher fixed costs, dropped in the same proportion as the cost of a company ' s shipments, increased by 0.437 per cent, an increase of 9.7 per cent.
The cost of landings and shutdowns was $9.67 billion, an increase of 4.6 per cent over the same year, the cost of air catering was $1.65 billion, an increase of 2.8 per cent over the same year, depreciation was $19.4 billion, an increase of 4.0 per cent over the same year, and the cost of the Civil Aviation Development Fund amounted to $810 million, mainly as a result of the resumption of the collection of the Civil Aviation Development Fund in 2021.
At the cost end, the cost of the sale, management, R & D costs of the national airline in 2021 remained generally stable, the level of the cost rate fluctuated little, with the BD selling rate declining by 6.0 per cent in 2021, a decrease of 0.3 percentage points in the same year, an increase of 6.0 per cent in the management cost, an increase of 0.1 percentage points in the same year, 746 million, a decrease of investment losses of $5.17 billion in the same year, and minor changes in the remaining subjects.
3.2 Oil prices go up, operating costs continue to weigh on the historical lows of global crude oil stocks and continue to go to reservoirs to support high oil prices. Changes in crude oil stocks and Brent oil prices are significantly and negatively correlated. If crude oil stocks continue to decline, they usually mean that oil prices will continue to rise.
As the global demand for crude oil warms and the OPC+ alliance reduces production significantly, the global crude oil stock went into storage. In 2022, zeroecd commercial crude oil stocks fell to a low point of the last 10 years, with about 500,000 barrels per day remaining at the same rate.
In Russia, where about 50% of raw and finished oils are exported to Europe, the conflict in Russia and the economic sanctions in Europe and the United States will hit Russia hard, as well as on the basis of long-decentralized crude oil import structures in China and India, as well as infrastructure development such as pipelines, ports, wharfs, boats, etc.
There are also problems with financing means, high transport costs, and reputational risks, which make it difficult for Asia to fully absorb the volume of crude oil transferred from Europe. Within the Opec+ Alliance, it is more difficult to achieve the 2022 goal of increasing production.
The global demand for crude oil under high oil prices has slowed, but will continue to grow; considering that the conflict in the Russian Federation and high oil prices have slowed the global cumulative decline of 1.2 million barrels per day to 9,935 million barrels per day, down from 3.2 million in 2021 to 1.9 million in 2021.
Given the difficulty of providing capacity to meet the incremental demand, we believe that the global crude oil supply and demand gap will persist over the medium to long term, that oil prices will operate at long-term high levels and that the hub will continue to rise.
4.1 The supply-side slowdown is expected to re-establish the industry’s prosperity, raise the base and add to the impact of the epidemic, and slow down the steady growth of the airline plan. After a history of significant expansion, especially in the three major shipping sectors, the base of China’s transport aircraft has been raised, with the number of passenger aircraft in China’s civil aviation industry in 2018-21, respectively.
3479, 3645, 3717 and 3856 passenger fleets after the elimination of the feeder aircraft, 3292,3454, 3516 and 3645, respectively, have slowed down the growth of the industry fleet over a long period of time. Conclude the fleet of the six major airlines in the country, at 3.47 per cent. The fleet grew by less than 6 per cent in late 2021 compared to 19 years. On the other hand, the epidemic caused civil aviation in the country.
The impact of the epidemic affected short-term delivery by aircraft manufacturers. The epidemic has had a significant impact on global supply chains, as well as on the capacity and delivery of aircraft manufacturers. 566 commercial aircraft were delivered by aircrews in 2020, as compared to 2019.
Thirty-four per cent of the decline, and the impact on the market for long-distance air travel as a result of the epidemic, was significant. Airfarers delivered a total of 19 a330, 59 a350, and 4 a380 in 2020, of which a330 were particularly affected, with only one third of the delivery in 2019. By the end of 2021, the capacity of airfarers was still recovering.
In the process, 611 aircraft were delivered in 2021, an increase of 8 per cent from 2020. By airfarers, the time point at which the company fully recovered to its capacity level in 2019 may be at some point between 2023 and 2025. Boeing had a total of 909 aircraft orders in 2021, most of which were max-type.
The total number of net orders for Boeing in 2021 was 479. A total of 340 passenger aircraft were delivered to aviation companies and other buyers in 2021, almost double the 157 in 2020 and, despite a significant increase in aircraft delivery, it still lags far behind the main competitor, the Central Motors Company. In 2021, Boeing continued to suffer from a 737max-type shutdown, a new crown outbreak that hit the demand for and manufacture of aircraft.
Boeing predicted that global air travel requirements would return to pre-epidemiological levels in 2023 or 2024, after which it would take years for Boeing to recover its long-term growth trend. Taken together, we believe that the slowdown in fleet growth during China’s Civil Aviation 14th Five-Fifteenth was an approximate event, whether it was a flight driver.
In the short term, local outbreaks did not change the trend towards recovery of domestic demand. In 2022, not only did the country have sporadic effects.
The outbreak has had a significant impact on the need for passenger transport during the period between Chiming and May. The situation in the interior of the country has been severe but improving in the recent past, with the epidemic occurring mainly in Shanghai. At the data level, the epidemic has been brought under control, with half of the districts achieving near-zero social coverage and a phased return to the market on May 16.
In the first three countries: the United Arab Emirates (96.8 per cent), Portugal (92.6 per cent), Singapore (91.4 per cent), China as of 22/5/12, basic immunization coverage was 88.9 per cent, and immunization coverage was strengthened 54.1 per cent; and older persons aged 60 and over completed vaccinations.
Sexual infections, but vaccines can reduce the acute rates of vaccination and mortality among the population, and the creation of immunization barriers is expected to mitigate the effects of the epidemic. Although there are still recurrent outbreaks in the country and abroad, as the new crown of vaccination/treatment continues, the recovery in aviation demand is a definite event, and the Division will return to growth for profit in the future.
Global aviation recovery continues. According to iata, in March 2022, the global air transport industry saw a 76% increase in passenger kilometre revenue compared to the previous year, although this was lower than the robust increase of 115.9% in February, but passenger traffic remained the closest to pre-popular transport levels in 2019. The seasonally adjusted rpk month saw an increase of 2.8%, confirming this improvement.
In January, China’s Civil Aviation Authority, in its “14th Five-Year Plan for Civil Aviation Development,” mentioned that China would either resume international flights, and that commercial exits and international travel would become normal. At the same time, a number of countries would be in the process of normalizing.
Based on the current state of the epidemic, Thailand has been in a position to implement the exemption from isolation measures since 1 November 2021, and by 2 January 2022, more than 280,000 tourists had entered Thailand. As a result of the rising incidence of infection in the country's Omikium strain, Thailand intends to suspend the exemption from isolation until the end of January; then, on 1 February, Thailand resumed the “screening and leaving” exemption.
On February 15, Malaysia and Brunei agreed “in principle” to open a cross-border tour route for vaccinators. The new slope decided to open a “vaccination tour” with Viet Nam as of March 16, with two-way and non-segregated travel. Not with foreign countries, although the policy of open travel outside the country seems to be relaxed, the “Five Ones” policy is counter-reacting.
On the whole, despite repeated internal and external outbreaks, air traffic needs have increased as the new crown vaccination/treatment continues, with a total annual turnover of 175 billion tons, 930 million passenger traffic, and 9.5 million tons of mail and mail transport, if any.
Immigration restrictions, China will gradually liberalize its entry restrictions, overseas demand will recover, and the profitability of airlines will recover, while leading companies with higher revenue contributions from overseas routes will be more resilient. 4.3 ticket prices are marketed and demand is tight, and the airline industry is expected to reboot.
In March 2004, the Air Transport Price Reformers on Civil Aviation Lines launched the launch of a policy document to improve market pricing mechanisms. The 2017 Rules of Conduct on Prices on the Domestic Air Transport Market allow the Division to make market-based price adjustments, with each pilot moving up the course every season.
More than 15 per cent of the total number of market-regulating routes operating during the last season. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The U.S. Department of Maritime Affairs has increased the full price of the economy class from $1790 to $9.5 per cent to 1960. This is the first price increase on the 21/22 winter spring flight to Qingjing. It is also the fifth increase since the December 2017 reform of the marketized fare, with a cumulative 58 per cent increase.
One of the most price-added routes since the beginning of the process is now approaching the critical point. In the context of the new coronary epidemic, there is a lack of momentum for the expansion of the movement, with a sharp drop in supply after the fall in demand, and a significant increase in the level of profit from the industry monomer.
On the demand side, the recovery of the airline industry is influenced in the short term by the pace of vaccinations, both within and outside the country, the slower expansion of the tourism market in the medium term, and the more efficient production capacity, which will also accelerate the decline in demand and supply of scissors, strongly supporting the level of civil aviation revenue. Against the backdrop of a consistent trend towards market-based reform of fares, a sharp increase in domestic and foreign vaccination rates, and a gradual recovery in international travel, the line is set in motion.
Industry supply and demand patterns are expected to improve continuously.5 Profit forecasting and valuation ratings Passenger movement: in the context of the forecast of a full recovery of the industry in iata in 2023, we believe that the domestic line will lead the recovery and consider the need for a strong recovery.
The uncertainty of the opening of the international line is that passenger traffic will remain in repair in 2022, and the accumulated demand for the international line will be released in 2023. Moreover, as the epidemic resumes, the company’s domestic fare will be raised, and the international fare will follow international freight and postage: the company will increase revenue and efficiency during the epidemic, strengthen passenger-cargo connections, and increase with the epidemic.
Gradual control of the situation, we believe that the capacity of the passenger-cargo cargo will gradually return, with the company’s operating rate increasing from 2022 to 2024, costing: high oil prices will continue to put considerable pressure on the company’s costs. In the preceding paragraphs, we expect high oil prices to be expected to maintain high oil prices and exchange-rate sensitivity: according to corporate announcements, the cost of crude oil will increase by 1,234 million yuan per 10% increase;
The RMB rose by 1 per cent, and corporate profits increased by 358 million yuan. Market competition increased risks; changes in the global epidemic were more than expected; and oil prices rose sharply and the RMB’s exchange rate depreciated significantly.