Centre for Research in Resources and Environment (CRESEE) China National Navigation (60111.sh) buy-in (first rating)
The company is China’s only flag-carrying aviation division, participating in the stock of Shandong Airlines in 2004 (44% through the stock holding), and participating in Thai Airlines in 2006/2009, with an increase of 7% over the same period, with a net loss of $16.6 billion and a higher loss. The pre-epidemiological company’s Māori ratio has increased.
With 15% or more, the internal profitability is strong, with a net profit of $6.4 billion in 2019, leading the industry. Corporate networks are always of high quality, and competitive advantages are hard to shake.
The company’s share at the airport rose from 47% to 47% at the time of the airport’s transfer.
About 70%, with an expanded lead, the capital airport’s high-quality passenger base has guaranteed the company’s gains from the Beijing route. 3, Europe and America have the highest rates of long-range shipping, and the scarce resources for international navigation are abundant. The company has 45% and 28%, respectively, of Central Europe and Central America, and is ranked first, mostly from the first line of cities.
Given the limited resources available to international navigation, the company’s pre-emptive advantage will continue to be maintained. 4. The backbone is limited at times, and its advantages are more pronounced.
Medium-term performance is flexible and long-term investment values are highlighted. 1 - Medium-term demand and supply growth are reversed, and corporate performance will rebound significantly. The epidemic will not change the long-term growth trend in the airline industry, and the rate of supply-side movement will slow down to a single-digit level, and the pace of supply and demand growth will reverse in the future as markets recover the balance of supply and demand.
China’s civil aviation industry will continue to grow steadily, considering that the shortage of main-line airports will continue, and the actual fare prices in the main-line market will increase further.
The Division has a high-quality air network, the value of the investments will become more visible, and the profit center will move up.
The impact of the epidemic is higher than expected, macroeconomic growth is lower than expected, public business travel is less than expected, currency exchange rate depreciation is lower, oil prices are significantly higher, and safe operations are more risky. First, equity participation expands, with endogenous profitability leading.
1.1 The reform of civil aviation has been accompanied by positive expansion of the map The only flag airline in China is China Air. China Air was established in 2004, listed in Hong Kong and London in the same year, and listed in 2006 (stock code: 601111.sh).
Affiliated to the China Air Group, China ' s only civil aviation company flying with a flag, provides long-term jet service and charter services to state leaders, diplomatic missions, cultural and sports delegations, etc. Chart 1: Historical evolution: development with civil aviation reform, active expansion of the map
The company's predecessor, China Civil Aviation Authority, Beijing Administration, began to provide air services.
China Southwest Air has completed the reform of the company ' s shareholding system; it has been listed in Hong Kong and London; it has completed the listing of a stock; and it has acquired 10.16 per cent of the shares of Thai Airlines.
The Replenishment Holdings Shenzhen Air, with 51% shareholding, was founded in Beijing Air, with 51% ownership of the company, with a dedicated, chartered aircraft.
1. The company was formed as a microcosm of the development of China ' s civil aviation, formerly the Beijing Administration of the General Directorate of Civil Aviation, and has been engaged in air services since 1950.
In October 2002, under the Programme for the Reform of the Civil Aviation System approved by the State Council, former Chinese International Airlines was formed as the main coalition of the former Chinese General Aviation Company and the former Chinese Southwest Air Company.
In September 2004, the China Airlines Group joined the former Chinese international airline company, the former Zhejiang Air Company (Sun Company, China Airline General Corporation) and the former Chinese Southwest Air Company, with the related assets and liabilities owned by the former Chinese international airline company.
In order to finance the equity (or interest) held in 23 enterprises, as well as the monetary capital of RMB 560 million, the China Shipping Group ' s wholly-owned subsidiaries have a limited share in 69 per cent of the Chinese shipping industry and co-sponsored the establishment of China International Air Corporation (CIAC).
In 2004, the China Air Group acquired 42 per cent of the company's shares and 22.8 per cent of the company's shares, and its share in the company increased to 48 per cent.
In 2007, the company acquired 1.4 per cent of the shares held by other MAG shareholders, and the share in MSG rose to 49.4 per cent.
10 per cent. In June 2006, the company acquired 10.16 per cent of the shares of the Thai Air Company, and in March 2010, the company increased its share of the Shenzhen Air Company by $682 million, from 25 per cent to 51 per cent, as shareholders in its holdings.
The company’s largest shareholders are China Air Group Limited, which holds 40.98% of the shares, the China Air Group and its wholly owned subsidiaries together holding 51.70% of the shares, and the effective control of the company is the State Treasury Committee of the State Council.
Beijing Air, Dalian Air, Innermont Air, etc., participating in Thai Air and Shandong Air. 49.4% of the Group ' s shares, and Shandong Air ' s 42% of the Group ' s shares, resulted in the company ' s direct and indirect ownership of 43.548% of Shandong Air ' s shares. 1.2 Inner profits are high and the epidemic is short-lived.
Pre-epidemiological corporate revenue grew steadily and the Māori rate remained at about 15%. In 2019, the company collected $136.2 billion, compared to a combined growth rate of 10% in 2004-19; the parent ' s net profit was $6.4 billion, and the company ' s net profit industry was first in the pre-epidemiology industry, with strong performance during the epidemic. Prior to the outbreak, the company ' s net profit was significant.
With the highest net profit of all listed aviation divisions at $6.4 billion in 2019, two times the industry’s second largest, and a relatively high post-epidemiological loss. The main reason is that the international guest class is still largely pursuing the “Five Ones” policy, owing to the high international airline and wide-body ratio in the fleet operated by the company.
High, with relatively higher cost pressures than their counterparts. Figure 7: 38 per cent of the company ' s international capacity in 2019, higher than industry Figure 8: By the end of 2021, the company ' s wide body power ratio was the highest.
Figure 9: The cost of a seat in a company is relatively high after the outbreak.
The company continues to build a world-class hub in Beijing, to become a capital international hub, to focus on the development of the Great Triangle and the Great Bay region of Hong Kong, and to build a four-corned diamond-shaped network, covering the most economically developed and densely populated areas of China.
After the group and the 2010 senior-level flights, the company had a leading position in the Beijing, Shenzhen and Chengdu markets, with 47% and 37% of the cities in 2019 in the capital, Shenzhen Bo-Am and Chengdu, respectively, having developed over the years and maintaining a high-quality network.
In 2019, first-line cities accounted for 29 per cent of company time, higher than 23 per cent of the East and South voyages, and 32 per cent of the company’s first and second-class cities flew together, also higher than the East and South.
Figure 10: The company forms a four-angled diamond network Figure 11: The company leads the city in the capital, Shenzhen, and double-stream airports Chart 12: The company has a higher share of first-line cities
The company has a high-quality customer base. In line with its hub network strategy, the company is located at the mid-to-high end.
From 2015 to 2019, the annual passenger revenue was 56.8% of passenger revenue. Most frequent passengers travel in public business, with more stringent demand and less price-sensitive and conducive to higher fares.
In 2019, public fares were higher, owing to the relatively high quality of the network and the passenger base. The company ' s passenger-kilometre earnings were 0.53 dollars, 6 per cent higher than the east and 8 per cent higher than the south, and 0.43 dollars higher than the other traditional aviation divisions.
The cost is more homogenous, with US$0.39 in 2019 for the company’s seat, which is in line with the East and South voyages. When the benefits are higher than the industry and the costs converge, the company is in the lead.
Figure 16: Company ' s passenger and seating kilometre earnings lead (2019) Figure 18: The network is further optimized at a time when the company ' s net rate of interest withheld is ahead of other traditional DAS 2.2 airbases during the epidemic
The company’s share of the capital airport rose from 47% in 2019 to about 70% in 2021-22. The capital airport is closer to the centre of Beijing, facilitating public business travel.
The difference in average fares between the capital airport and Da Hing airport is generally around $200, and an increase in the city’s share of the capital airport will guarantee the company’s high returns from the Beijing route. Figure 20: Trans-shipment arrangements with the capital airport and related policies
Figure 21: The company ' s share of air traffic at the capital airport rose from 47% to 71%. Figure 22: the company ' s share of air traffic at the capital airport is significant. Figure 23: The average difference in air fares between the capital airport and Da Hing airport is generally around $200.
2.3 The cities of Europe and America are the first to dominate, and the company’s international network of routes with scarce international rights of navigation is perfect. In 2019, the company operated 770 passenger shipping routes, 137 of which were international and 27 of which were regional; 43 shipping countries and regions; and 187 shipping cities.
In addition, the company, in cooperation with members of the Starling Alliance, expanded its services to 1,317 destinations in 195 countries (regions). The company led the intercontinental routes in Europe and North America.
This is 28% higher than the 4pc in East China, 6pc in South China, 45% higher than the 27pc in East Europe (excluding Russia), and 30pc in South China. Of these, five routes from Beijing to New York, Paris, London, San Francisco, and Vancouver are companies in Beijing.
The company’s pre-emptive advantage will continue to manifest itself. According to Our Policy Recommendations on the Use of International Navigation Rights and the Future, China’s Aviation Division uses rights in the United States, Germany, Japan, and South Korea.
If only the utilization of China’s shipping rights for passengers by the Department of Air Transport, the passenger rights of countries such as Epidemic Class/week, and the United Kingdom (100 Class/weeks for passenger transport) are now fully exhausted. Given the limited resources available, the company’s lead on some routes will continue to be maintained.
The company's inter-American routes are mostly from first-line cities, with a high value of resources. In the intercontinental routes to Europe and the United States, 95% of the company's routes originate or arrive from first-line cities (higher north), higher than 87% of the east and 71% of the south.
It is better than the two-line intercontinental route, which has a high value of resources, and the company has acquired a pre-emptive advantage in the face of constant tension in the main line and the limited number of rights to some international flights. Our international navigation rights are classified, and the second type of long-range international routes are difficult to obtain.
Management of Resource Allocation and Use to Class I International Routes to Border Countries with Open Navigation Rights, such as the Ten ASEAN Countries, and Class II International Routes to Other Countries, and further classification of Category II International Lines into Type II Long International Routes (America, Europe but not Russia, Oceania, Africa)
and type II non-remote international routes. Of these, type II long-range international routes are relatively difficult to access. Category II international routes are long-range, and no other air transport is authorized within three years of the date of the licence.
International routes New entry of an air carrier (where an air carrier does not open within the prescribed time limit or has cancelled a flight permit)
(i) Where the share of courses operated by Chinese air transport enterprises is less than 70 per cent and the average total weekly number of classes (one round-trip to one) in China air transport enterprises reaches 14 shifts (inclusive);
(ii) If the condition of paragraph (i) has not been met, but since the date of the operation of this scheme, the air carrier has been operating exclusively for a period of six years or more and the type II non-tele-tele international route is in conformity with the right-of-air arrangement
There are no restrictions on the number of carriers under category II non-remote other international routes.
Figure 29: Catalogue of international routes, applicable routes Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Viet Nam,
“Place in China (excluding Hong Kong and Atota region) - corresponding to locations in Myanmar, Brunei, Laos, Cambodia, Philippines”
Ben, Indonesia, Maldives, Australia, Chile, Georgia, Georgia, the 2.4 main line was released at a limited time, and the company ' s present strength became more pronounced.
1. The company’s network’s advantages are hard to shake under the Grandfather clause. Our flight management system is constantly improving. In 2005, the country’s first rule on the allocation of flight time capital, the Pilot Scheme for the Management of Air Flight Time, was introduced and piloted in China’s East and North China.
In 2010, we began to implement the " Time Management for Civil Aviation Flights " , which provides a complete definition of time pools, coordination airports, etc. In 2018, the Civil Aviation Authority revised and promulgated the " Time Management for Civil Aviation " , setting specific quantitative rules for flight time configurations and establishing clear standards of interoperability.
The historical priority rule is the core, and the corporate advantage will continue. According to the Civil Aviation Time Management Scheme, air carriers that are assigned to the primary market at the time of the flight are divided into four priorities.
In short, if the airline gets a certain moment, it will always have it. Under the Grandfather's clause, the company's accumulated strength over the years in the trunk line will continue.
In September 2017, China's Civil Aviation Authority issued “Specific policy measures to adjust the flight structure of the controlled totals to increase the rate of flight activity” (Doc. 115). According to the regulations, starting with the winter and spring season of 2017, the total number of flights at the beginning of the summer season of 2017 will be increased.
The average number of flights at the end of the season is based on the average number of flight times, which is within 3 per cent for the main and secondary coordinating airports, and within 5 per cent for the south-east side of the Hu Hwanh line. The additional hours at the main airport are limited and the value of the high quality is high.
The rate of landings and landings at the main airport fell from 5 per cent in 2017 to 2 per cent in 2019. As a result of the main coordination, the airport ' s current rate of growth was limited, its domestic share fell from 58 per cent in 2017 to 53 per cent in 2019.
The epidemic does not change the company’s long-term value. The company’s high profitability stems from a high-quality flight network moment, an outbreak that does not affect the company’s network structure, and the network is still being optimized. Once the impact of the epidemic is eliminated, the company will remain one of the country’s most profitable, with a competitive advantage. In the medium term, the company’s performance will remain fragile.
The rebound is highly certain; in the long run, the company ' s network value will go into three, medium-term elasticity against the backdrop of the marketization of fares, long-term investment value will highlight the rapid reversal of demand and supply in the medium-term 3.1, and the company ' s performance will rebound significantly.
1. In the wake of SARS 2003 and the 2008 financial crisis, air demand has all recovered, with passenger turnover of 19% in 2002-2004.
We still have a high demand for aviation, with a turnover of 13% in 2010 and a double-digit growth after smoothing. It is recalled that in 2021, when the epidemic was better controlled, during the 51st holiday period, the increased excess domestic capacity was better absorbed, and domestic fare and passenger traffic were higher than before the outbreak.
Since the outbreak, investors have feared that videoconferencing, etc., would be a substitute for the public business, with long-term effects on passenger structures. According to data from where to go, public business needs have started.
From the beginning, the ratio of air travel by public business passengers (represented by HF passengers) in 2021 was 23.3 per cent, corresponding to the ratio of about 25 per cent prior to the outbreak; the number of HF passengers recovered to 4 per cent. Moreover, according to the Gbta (Global Business Travel Association) forecast, China ' s business travel market is expected to resume in 2024.
The recovery of overseas aviation has accelerated. The recovery of offshore aviation has accelerated with the easing of travel policies.
In China, 90% recovery has taken place, 88% international recovery; the average number of daily flights in Europe is 85% in 2019. As a result of the epidemic, the fleet has slowed down in the last two years.
3% of the period, accompanied by repeated internal outbreaks, which have led to demand containment, slower speed of movement, and the failure of the Department of Air Operations to sign a large list for the past two years, which will affect the speed of future aircraft introduction. For example, the plans for the introduction of aircraft revealed in the National, East and South Annual Reports, assuming that the 737max model is to be delivered in 2024.
With the end of the introduction, we estimate that 2021-2024 will be the year 2021, the year 2021, the year 2024, and the year 2024, when the South Air fleet will increase by cagr points, because no big bill has been signed in the last two years. It will take two to three years to consider the introduction of self-purchase aircraft, and there will be a higher degree of certainty about the decline in industry's transport speed over the next two years.
Some of the small and medium-sized air divisions have lost several years and lacked access to finance, resulting in a negative net assets at the end of 2021, namely, Urumqi Aviation, Fuzhou Aviation, Chongqing Aviation, Shanghai Aviation, and Shandong Aviation.
Considering the introduction of aircraft requiring large sums of money, the lack of access to financing, or the difficulty of introducing aircraft as planned, has led to a decline in the speed of movement of the industry.
3. The pace of supply and demand increases will reverse, and the company’s performance will rebound and international liberalization will gradually be ready. The country’s vaccination coverage for the new crown has reached 87%, and the vaccination rate for the elderly continues to increase.
The first Pukrum, Azovdin, and vv116 are about to read more clinical data. Pfizer's oral medicine, paxlovid, has been approved in the country. The new coronary system is improving, and the international readiness to liberalize is increasing.
In the process of international liberalization, the country’s excess capacity will return to the international level, the domestic international market will return to a balance of supply and demand, and the guest rate will return to normal. Over the past two years, demand in the industry has grown at a much slower pace than supply, and the international recovery process has been gradual.
In view of the dramatic reversal in demand and demand in 2009-2010, and the generally significant improvement in the performance of the Division, it is expected that a high-growth cycle will be expected in the future. Figure 50: Demand growth has continued at a slower pace than supply growth since the outbreak
Figure 51: Significant reversal of the increase in supply and demand for the three major flights 2008-2010 Chart 52: A clear outbreak of performance of the three major flights in 2009-2010 Marketized fares will further release the elasticity of fares and increase profits since 2004.
Prices are gradually liberalized, more and more routes are market pricing, and the range of price-regulating routes is further expanded in 2020: more than three air transport companies are involved in the operation of domestic routes, and domestic prices are subject to market regulation. According to statistics, in 2020 there were nearly 1700 routes in operation.
Over the past two years, full price increases have continued, with five large and deep northerly flights increasing by 60%. As the international line recovers, a reversal in supply and demand will drive the price up in the future.
Figure 54: Number of market-regulating routes in 2020 close to 40%
3.2 The long-term market-based effects of fares have been released, and the company’s profit center is expected to move forward.1 China’s airline industry has a great potential to grow into a trillion-grade era. According to World Bank projections, China’s population will be in 2025.
To reach 1,428 million; according to the Airfarers ' Global Market Forecast Report (2021-2040), China will have about 0.675 flights per capita in 2025. China’s air market growth is driven by the fact that China’s civil aviation industry is still growing, with the economy accompanying it.
The demand for air travel is highly correlated with economic development. Both business and private travel are highly correlated with economic development.
This could have an impact on the demand for air travel by commercial passengers; (2) travel by private travellers is more demanding; the level of consumption increases as the per capita gdp rises, and the number and proportion of travel by tourists will increase steadily, driving the demand for air passengers to continue to rise.
The number of trips per citizen is positively related to the average per capita gdp, and the more economically developed, the higher the number of trips per person. According to Imf, China’s per capita gdp will continue to grow, so that the number of trips per person will grow with economic development.
Figure 57: Per capita occupancy is directly related to per capita gdp Figure 58: Imf projects that China ' s per capita gdp will continue to grow 2. Industry growth will vary from volume to price. Corporate value will be high
The value of long-term investments is significant, given the high quality of the network. As the industry expands, it may be difficult to maintain a high rate of double-digit growth. Considering that the supply of main-line airports will continue to be inadequate, supply-demand contradictions will become more pronounced, real fares in the main-line market will increase further, and the logic of future industry growth will be measured to the price.
The company has a high-quality air network, and the value of the investment will be significant. In the long run, the accumulated market-based effects of fare prices, the overall level of fare prices will go up, and the profit center will move up.
Twenty major routes’ price hikes, assuming a 10% reduction in discount rates, are expected to increase corporate net profits by $4.3 billion. By the increase in passenger traffic, the continued marketization of fares, and the price increase effect of more routes, the elasticity of public profits increases will be greater.
For the first time, a “buy-in” rating is covered. Considering that the aviation industry is a cycle industry, comparative valuations are used, comparable companies choose the same Chinese East China and South Air, which are the traditional NALD.
In 2024, the pss were -- 1.07, 0.43 and 1.00, respectively. Reference is made to comparable companies, giving the public the risk of an epidemic having an over-expected impact. Emergency public health events, such as an outbreak, have a huge impact on the demand for air passenger transport, and there is greater uncertainty about the continued evolution of the epidemic, as well as the normal operation of airlines.
The air transport sector is closely linked to the state of the economy and the trade environment. The civil aviation sector is more affected by the macroeconomic climate, which is directly influenced by the growth and decline of economic activity, disposable income and export and import trade.
Business trips are not resumed as much as expected. Companies have a relatively high share of public business customers and, if the epidemic is over, some public business trips are either replaced by videoconferencing or, to some extent, are affected by it.
The airline has higher foreign currency liabilities and foreign currency liabilities are predominantly United States dollar-based. In the event of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the dollar against the renminbi, the dollar liability will result in higher exchange gains and losses, directly impacting current profits and having a greater impact on the airline’s performance.
The cost of shipping oil is one of the most important costs incurred by airlines. Large fluctuations in international oil prices will have a greater impact on the price levels of oil for shipping and on the revenue from fuel surcharges, which in turn will affect the performance of airlines.
Safe flight is a prerequisite and a foundation for the airline to maintain its normal operation and good reputation. Bad weather, mechanical malfunctions, human error, aircraft defects, and other force majeure events can have adverse effects on the airline’s flight safety, air defence safety, and operational safety.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment