The agricultural banks have experienced good growth in revenue and net profits in the first three quarters, have been ahead of four, fee-earnings have recovered rapidly, and non-interest income has risen well. Third-quarter deposits have remained low.
In terms of asset quality, there is a strong perception of poor performance, an improvement in the good rate ring, and a further increase in the company's provision, so that there's nothing to worry about. We keep buying, we get the top four lines of profit, we get the fee back fast.
Revenues increased by 7.3 per cent/12 per cent in the same year and by a further 0.7.1.4 percentage points in the first half of the year. Profit and income growth was in the lead in four major lines. Specifically, net interest income increased by 9.6 per cent in the same year, and increased steadily; commission revenue increased at a faster rate than in the previous period, and increased rapidly.
Debt-side advantages support improved interest spreads and stable asset sizes. Corporate asset size increased by the same end-of-year returns, supporting the farmer’s three-quarter single-season net-rate increases by 4bp to 2.24%.
The agricultural sector has a negative rate of 1.60% in the third quarter and a negative annual rate of 0.76% in the third quarter and 24bp in the second quarter. Given the firm’s poor perception of strictness, and the absolute value of bad production remains low, we believe the asset quality is low.
The market value as at 31 October 2018 has remained stable overall.
The main risks to rating are the qualification of portfolio investment consulting operations. Downwards in the economy lead to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected and financial regulation that is more than anticipated.
I'm so excited, I'm so curious, I'm in the middle of a four-way business, and I'm getting a quick recovery in fees.
In the previous three quarters, the Agricultural Bank had a 17.4 per cent increase in net profits before the provision, a 7.3 per cent increase in net profits, a further 0.7 percentage points increase over the first half of the year, and continued to grow at a faster rate. In the first three quarters of the year, the increase was 12 per cent, a 1.4 percentage point increase compared to the first half. The increase in profits and revenues was the best and the best in the four lines of comparison. Specifically, the increase in net interest income was 9.6 per cent, and remained stable.
The growth in revenue from commission fees has been positive, with a rapid recovery from the lower rate of increase in the previous period, and other non-interestable income from the main has also strongly supported the growth of revenues, which have been reversed in the first three quarters, generating a profit of $26,403 million, which has led to a rapid increase in revenues.
By the end of the third quarter, the total asset ring of agricultural banks had increased by 3.6 per cent, or 8.5 per cent, compared to the end of the second half of the year. Its quarterly equity investment ring had increased by 4.3 per cent, faster than the total asset, and was expected to increase the ratio of investments to the national debt. At the end of the debt, the deposit ratio was 82.1 per cent.
End-of-end gains increased by 4bp to 2.24% in the single-season interest gap ratio, supporting the agricultural sector for the third quarter, showing that farmers competed better at the end of the debt, that the provision was stronger, that the quality of the assets was stable, that the agricultural sector had a negative rate of 1.60% in the third quarter and 2bp in the next row.
As a result, we measure the company’s annual negative annualization rate of 0.76% in the first quarter of the third quarter, and 24bp in the second quarter. Given that corporate negative perceptions are generally stable, and that companies continue to increase their contribution, the annualized credit cost for the third quarter has increased by 28bp on a par with the net profit growth of the first three quarters of the agricultural bank, the pace of growth has been high in the four main lines, and the fees and revenues have recovered rapidly.
In terms of asset quality, the poor perception is strict, the poor rate is improving, and companies are further increasing their provision and making provision for it. We are on 1st, with the downside of the economy leading to a deterioration in asset quality that is far more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development at the macro level.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy goes ahead with expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the asset quality of the banking sector, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Financial regulation is overstretched. Since 2017, strict banking regulation has continued, with full coverage of banking regulation, both internal and external, slower growth in industry and faster “deleveraging” processes. Meanwhile, the merger of the Bank and the Insurance Council will enhance regulatory uniformity and coordination and enhance regulatory effectiveness, with various regulatory rules and regulations expected to accelerate down.
Limitations have affected the growth of net profits.3 The Chinese-American trade war has further escalated. The volatility of the US-China trade war has further increased investors’ prospects for the domestic economy.