Round Express (600233): 3 seasons of light season, performance pressure, follow-up expected recovery season Events: 3 quarterly reports issued by the company, $4.08 billion received in the first three quarters, an increase of 5.0 per cent from the previous quarter, and the return of the mother
Round Express is an integrated international supply chain of $2.66 billion in courier logistics, science and technology, aviation, net profits, a decrease of 4.1 per cent compared to the 4.1 per cent recorded in the first quarter of the third quarter.
During the same period last year, the net return profit was $80 million, a decrease of 21.3 per cent from the previous year. By the end of 2022, the circular had two listed companies, and the net owned more than 5100 branches and uniforms.
There has been a steady increase in the volume of items and a slight decline in market share: the company achieved business volume of 15.1 billion in the first three quarters, with more than 80,000 items on the same web site and terminal, and 18.4 per cent in the various centres, of which 5.24 billion items in the third quarter, representing a 14.1 per cent increase in market share.
With 133 employees of more than 450,000, the service network has achieved a decline in the total share of the country ' s 31 provinces (districts, municipalities) in municipalities above the county level, mainly due to more competitive industry prices in the last three quarters and the existence of low-cost areas.
Price swaps. And companies maintain their own relatively robust price strategies, leading to a slight increase in business volume, which is more resilient to the volatility of profits caused by the round-to-price war than amigos: though from the financial statements, total equity/currenta shares (in millions)
It appears that the circle is more visible in the price battles, but it is much more powerful in its ability to resist the price wave than in its hymn and offer. The net profit after the trimester is reduced to $181 million, and the bill is net.
Millions of dollars, with a slight loss. Although the net profit cut fell from $910 million in the second quarter to $757 million in the third quarter, the profit base remained high, showing that the profit fluctuations caused by the round versus the price war were more resilient. We believe that this is mainly due to the company’s stable association network.
The price war continues to warm with limited space, and four quarters are expected to be restored: three quarters of industry as a whole.
Given the regulatory sector’s commitment to creating a favourable environment for competition, the price war has been effectively curbed 21 years later, and we believe that there is limited scope for the price war to continue to warm.
The industry’s profitability is expected to recover to a certain degree. Although the industry is in a more intense price battle, we believe that there is limited scope for its continued increase in intensity, and that the current pessimistic expectations are largely reflected in the stock price, so that there is now a more visible value for the company.
The war has eased, and in the context of a low single-vote profit base, profits will be more resilient upwards, so companies will be rated up to a “very recommended” rating.
Round Express (600233): Three seasons of light seasons under pressure, followed by the prospect of recovery in the season, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and prosperity.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports a round express (600233), three quarters of a low season performance, followed by a promising recovery season.
A Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, eight years of investment research experience, was employed in 2015-2018 at the Open Securities Development Specialist’s research perspective. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.