Round Express (600233) Transport, based on sound operations, based on full digital efficiency gains, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incident: As at 28 September 2023, the Circular Express announced that 15.108 million shares, or 0.44 per cent of the company ' s total stock, had been bought back with its own funds in the form of a centralized competitive transaction, and that the sum of 300 million yuan and not more than 500 million shares had been repurchased, representing 15-25 million shares issued by the company.
Between 0.44% and 0.73% of total equity is used to implement employee holding schemes or equity incentive schemes.
This represents a 16.4 per cent increase in the same year of 0.7 pps, resulting in a combined increase in the size of the business and market share. In the dollar, there was a 9.1 per cent decrease in the same year; in the single ticket centre, the operating cost was 0.3 dollars, a 4.6 per cent decrease in the same year.
Deepening the digitalization transition and strengthening core competitiveness. Firming firm and deep-deep-deep-deep-farming courier industries, while continuing the full-scale digitalization transition, with digitalization as a focus, client experience as a basis for deepening strategies to deliver the quality of services.
From the headquarters dimensions, the company continues to optimize the layout of the trans-shipment centre, increase its investment in the automation and upgrading of the hub trans-shipment centre, continuously upgrade the hub trans-shipment centre’s fast-ware processing capacity, and expand the hub trans-shipment centre’s radiation coverage. From the network’s dimensions, in the first half of 2023, the company fully promoted Project 1.
To further enhance the stability of the company’s express delivery services network by providing full-scale capacity to allieds and helping them to reduce the cost of the rings and increase their efficiency through the placement of an implementation team at Headquarters.
The company is convinced that its own air transport network will be the winning point for future industry competition. On the one hand, based on the judgement that the development of the domestic express delivery industry will gradually shift from price-driven to value-driven, it will help companies upgrade their uniforms.
The timeliness of business will facilitate further upgrading of the company’s product structure, laying a solid foundation for the company’s ability to open up business and markets for high value-added products, such as cold chains and flowers. On the other hand, building up its own air network will also provide an important basis for the company’s deployment of international courier services and the expansion of overseas markets.
It is 11.4 times, 9.5 times, 8.6 times, respectively. Firms are sound, fully digitized, and efficiency gains are evident, looking forward to elastic performance over the next 1 to 3 years, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
In the context of corporate efficiency gains and a strategy for steady operations, there will be a small annual increase in city occupancy, and the growth in the volume of company couriers will remain at a level higher than that of the industry as a whole. The combined effect of efficiency will be a recovery in the income from single tickets.
The scale effects of costs and further optimization of core costs in the context of full digitization of companies will be reduced, but marginal improvements will gradually decrease, with the Chinese Express being ranked first at 23.5 per cent of the market share, followed by circular (16.4 per cent), tungsten (14.1 per cent), Shining (13.0 per cent) and Hining (9.8 per cent).
The company is stable, concerned with its own growth, and is committed to creating a differentiated branding effect. With the company’s full-scale numeric approach to achieving efficiency gains, it is expected that future performance will show a steady and high-quality growth trend, that it will look forward to further profit margins, and that it will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views in this report.