Great Wall Cars (601633): Continued focus on continuing the advantage, with brands on upwards expected to lead the country’s suv market. Wall cars are China’s pickups and suv’s main financial indicators (in millions of yuan).
Up to 1.0745 million vehicles, of which 9.33 million were sold under the Huff brand, Huffh6 was a national suv champion for 45 months, and the company had a leading position in the domestic suv market.
• Focus creates good corporate performance and good products. We believe that focus suv, the strategy for making car-types is a key factor in the lead industry in corporate performance and product sales. By focusing on the one hand, companies are focusing their entire resources on the other.
The fastest-growing suv market in the country, thereby avoiding unnecessary inputs into the declining medium- and low-end sedan market, minimizing operating costs and enhancing corporate fundamentals (update)
On the other hand, the focus has led companies to shape a strong product system layout in the suv market, creating high-level market-endorsed high-quality car models such as h6 and h2 and providing stable performance support for companies.
As a core vehicle that supports corporate profits and sales, Huffh6 was replaced in April 2017, with a new car in a completely new design language with a new generation of power.
At the same time, the company, by upgrading its old h6 model, has now developed a product series consisting of a variety of different models that can be accommodated to the greatest extent possible.
We expect the new H6 to reverse the slide under the old h6 sales and to continue running the domestic suv market in conjunction with the old h6 cars. Focus high, wey brands are expected to open up new growth space. Wey brands are set.
The high-end suv market, located between $150,000 and $200,000, holds the promise of a breakthrough in the Great Wall's brand of automobiles. In our view, from the current domestic market environment and the product itself, we hope that wey brands will get market recognition and break through the high-end bottles of autonomous brands.
Neck. First, the domestic market at the mid-to-high end of the country is permanently monopolized by the joint venture brand, with a large market space for autonomous brands; second, the company has solid R & D strengths and excellent R & D teams that guarantee the quality of the product, benefiting from long-term R & D inputs;
Then, judging by the strength of the wellvv7 vehicle, which is already on the market, it has a very competitive power, has a strong value for money relative to the competition, and is expected to grow rapidly in the future, with the gradual release of capacity, to become a new profit growth point for the company.
The traditional advantaged car model is becoming more competitive, the new brand wey is expected to open up a branding space, and we maintain a corporate prudentially recommended investment rating. Sales are lower than expected; and (3) there are significant security risks to the new model, among other things.
The company leads the country's suv market and has a strong profitability.
The products, which cover the three main categories of pickups, sedans, suvs, three full-car production bases with autonomous accompaniment of core parts such as motors, transformers, etc., with more than 40 holding companies and nearly 70,000 employees, according to the 2016 annual report, the company ' s first shareholder is the Great Wall Asset Management Company, which currently holds the Great Wall for Innovation.
The company's ownership structure, based on a pick-up truck, has evolved over the years and now forms a product made up of three brands: the Wall, Haver, and Wey.
Three brand flags have different types of positioning. The Wall brands have pickups and sedans, and the main products are windmills and c30 series cars. The Hover brands have suvs, and the main products include small suv-h1, h2, hard-suv-h5, compact-suv-h6, medium- and advanced-suv-h7, medium-sized suv-h8, h9, etc.
New brands, distinct from the Hover and Wall brands, are positioned as high-end brands, primarily under the concept of “light luxury”, and two products have been published, vv7 and vv5, respectively.
1.2 The capacity of the company is sufficient to meet future development needs. The Great Wall car currently has three full vehicle production bases: secure, Tianjin, and Xu Shui, with three thousand cars, including pickups, suv, sedans, and Hafh6 and h2; the Xu Water Plant is divided into three stages, one of which is the current high-end vehicle production base in the Wall.
Three phases are expected to be launched in 2017, mainly in the new Huffh6 and the future Weyvv5 models. The company plans to sell 1.25 million vehicles in 2017, and the company is now capable of meeting the pace of rapid future development.
At present, the suv business is the company’s core business, benefiting from the boom in the country’s automobile market in recent years, especially the boom in the suv market, and the company’s product sales have been rising. In 2016, the company’s car-to-car sales have made a historic breakthrough of 1 million major gates, reaching 1.0745 million vehicles, a 26 per cent increase compared to the previous year. Of these, 933,000 were sold under the Hafer brand, while the H6-types kept the domestic suv sales running for 45 months.
The winner, now the company suv-type sales outnumber the industry’s industry, and is a well-deserved leader in the domestic suv market. Chart 4 shows a combined growth rate of 15% (in thousands) of sedans, with a higher sales and profit margin than the suv-type model, while benefiting from a strong demand in the domestic suv-type market.
Companies’ profitability has remained strong, and their operating earnings and net profits have continued to grow at a high rate. Between 2011 and 2016, the company’s operating income fell from 300.89, while the company’s investment in R & D increased substantially, but the increase in R & D investment will be a positive factor in the introduction of the company’s new vehicle model in the future, so that the growth in the net profit of the company’s return began to pick up steadily after a brief downturn.
Figure 6 Consolidated growth rate of corporate business income of 22 per cent (in units: Figure 7 Corporate net profit growth rate of 21 per cent) (in units: 2. Focus strategy is an important factor for companies to remain competitive)
In September 2014, the company announced that it would temporarily abandon the sedan business and refrain from launching new sedans, which was questioned by the company as a result of a sharp drop in the sales of cars.
The strategy of Jisuv is to make smart choices based on the market environment, to help companies reduce their costs and build up their fine car models, which is an important factor in the firm’s stable profitability and strong market competitiveness in recent years. 2.1 Focus is consistent with the current situation in the domestic automobile market.
Domestic demand for cars has declined, and sales of autonomous brand cars have been under pressure. As consumption has accelerated in recent years, domestic consumer demand for medium- and low-end vehicles has declined, with annual increases in vehicle sales up to 1.6l and below. By the end of 2015, domestic sales of low- and medium-end cars had fallen from 26.24 per cent in 2010 to 12.15 per cent.
The main branded sedan products are concentrated in middle- and lower-end markets with 1.6l and below, and as competition in the domestic sedan market increases, joint-venture brand prices continue to be explored, the sales of autonomous branded sedans and market-ownership rates decline year after year, and profitability and market share are hit more strongly. Against this background, the Wall’s choice to temporarily abandon sedan business has helped to pool resources and raise corporate profitability.
The domestic suv market is in high demand and profitable. In contrast to the continuing decline in demand in the car market, the volume of suv-type sales in the domestic market in recent years has increased much more than in cars and cars, reflecting a strong domestic consumer demand for suv-type cars, and is expected to continue to grow at a high medium rate in the coming years as consumption rises and per capita income levels rise.
Cars are more expensive than sales and therefore more profitable. The Great Wall is ahead of industry by focusing on the suv market, by pre-positioning the product in question, by pre-empting the market at first sight, and by allowing companies to earn more profit and to be in the interest of business development. 2.2 Focus strategy leads the business efficiency industry.
The company’s Māori ratio has remained at around 25% for years, well above the average for the same industry, with the period at the lowest cost for the same industry, with a net asset yield rate of 27.5% on average over the past six years. This reflects the company’s advantages in terms of profitability, cost control, and the enterprise’s management capacity.
By focusing its resources and efforts on the suv-type R & D and production strategy, and by setting aside other types of R & D and inputs such as cars for the time being, the Division avoids unnecessary cost inputs in the R & D and production chain, allowing it to better understand market trends and changes in consumer demand while ploughing the market apart, and to use quality resources more quickly for R & D and internal management, leading to good performance returns.
Figure 12 has a significantly higher Māori ratio than the same industry.
The lead in focusing on the suv market led to H6-types taking up the market. The H6-type was listed in August 2011 at $80 to $150,000. The tight inter-area suv market, which, thanks to good physical design, wide size and rich configurations, quickly achieved heat sales in the early stages of the domestic compact suv market.
One, with a record volume of 587,000 in 2016 and a record record of 80,000 in one month. H6-type sales now account for a continuous upswing in Hover chart 16h6-type sales (in units:) h6-type sales, both because of their precise positioning and balanced product strength, and because of the company’s earlier focus on the country.
In 2011, the H6 model was launched, and, given the long product development cycle of the entire industry and the fact that the relevant model of the competing firm was introduced several years later, the Great Wall car took the lead in gaining market share advantages with the same industry. It is worth noting that, despite the increasing competition in the current tight suv market and the continued roll-out of the competitive model, the H6 model is based on rising product power, good customer reputations, and pon.
Large user groups have always held the suv leader in sales.
H2 became another explosive vehicle model under the company's focus suv strategy. The Haveh 2 was marketed in 2014 and is located in the 80,000 to 120,000 small product suv market, which currently has major competition models such as Jiang Huai Rui Fengs 3, Chang Ancs 35, Honda Ji, Honda x-rv, and so on. Ten thousand vehicles reached 22,561 thousand, with a strong rate of growth.
The volume of H2-type sales has continued to rise. In 2015 H2 sales were 168,000, in January-August 2016 it was maintained at around 10,000, and sales began to increase significantly since September. In November, the company launched another small suvhafferh2s, new car-types were introduced, and product design and process quality were improved across the board in the new Harford design language.
Ten thousand, one month's worth of sales. H2s are now in the lead in competition with the same class, and they are becoming another Hover brand.
Figure 21H2s Vehicle appearance and interiors Figure 22 H2 Vehicle monthly sales in 2016 (in units of vehicles) Figure 23 H2 sales in 2016 maintained a lead (in units of vehicles)
3. The continued focus on the suv market, the complete upgrading of the Hover brand to a new product cycle of 3.1 new h6 products, the prospect of continuing to lead the suv market, and the five-year-old H6 model, in the context of increasing competition in the market, which is no longer competitive in terms of product strength and continues to be under pressure.
In April 2017, Huff officially introduced a new H6 model, designed by the current Vice-President and Director of Design of the Wall, former BMW Design Supervisor Mr. Pierre, with a brand-new 1.3t and 2.0t engine, and fully marked with automatic decomposition.
The entire system is marked with a number of safety and electronic configurations, such as electronic stationary car braking, curved assistive lighting, electric aids, pan-sophisticated skylights, etc. The new model is completely upgraded in terms of appearance, interior design, power performance, manufacturing processes, configuration levels, etc., compared to the old h6 model, and shows the latest product design concepts and manufacturing power of the Great Wall. In terms of prices, the new h6 is $14,000 higher than the classic version of H6.
It is worth mentioning that the Hoverh2s model, which is now being sold hot, is similar to that of Mr. Pierre, and that the new h6 is bigger in size than the H2s, and is more sophisticated in terms of contents and work.
The new H6 model is expected to become another best-selling model designed by Mr. Pierre after H2s. We expect that the new H6 will be marketed and will be supported by new sales, reversing the downward trend in old car sales, which will increase significantly in the second half of the year as production capacity rises, thus driving the H6 to maintain its suv leading position in the domestic market.
Figure 24 is a new h6 look, chart 25 is a new h6 interior, chart 26 is a new h6 full LCD.
Chart 27, with a large number of new h6 electronic configurations, continues to evolve and remain competitive. According to the Great Wall car product plan, the old h6 model will continue to be marketed after the new h6 model is marketed.
At present, the old h6 model has been broken down into H6 blue, h6 red, h6 upgrades, h6 sports, coupe, etc., with a variety of power configurations such as 2.0l natural inhaling, 2.0l diesel, 1.5t, and 2.0t gasoline. Through a combination of different configurations, Hafh6 has reached over 60 units.
As a result, Huffh6 appears to be the name of a car type, but it has actually become a product series of many different models, with many different models and upgraded configurations and product power, and h6 is designed to meet the varying individualized needs of consumers to the maximum extent possible.
Old Hafferh6 formed a series of products, which to some extent enriched the Hover brand product line, reducing the business risk of companies relying on single-car sales; and, on the other hand, car series, which allowed companies to maximize market sales. In January-May 2017, despite pressure to slow overall sales in the car market and keep up with competitive models.
The status of the sales poles in the innersuv reflects the advantage that the serialization strategy has given to the H6 system. We expect that, as the old h6 becomes more expensive, the advantage of the h6 model will become more pronounced, and future sales will be expected to remain stable at a small backside and will not be significant.
In November 2016, after four years of research and development, the Great Wall vehicle officially launched the Wey brand, which is higher than Hafer, and its marketing network, which is also officially listed at the Shanghai Car Fair, with a selling space of $16.98-1888 million.
We believe that, in the current environment for the development of the domestic automobile market, the company’s own strength and the power of the new vehicle product, the Wey brand is expected to be autonomous, with high-end brand breakthroughs and a seat in the country’s upper-end suv market.
4.1 The opportunity to break the Autonomous Brand has arrived, with a smaller share of Autonomous Markets in the upper-middle-end suv and a bigger market space. As our macroeconomic growth and per capita income levels continue to rise, there is a growing trend towards rising consumption in the automobile market.
In 2016, the top 10 players in the 150,000 to 250,000 Suv market were all joint brands, with the top 10 vehicles selling up to 1.75 million vehicles, compared to the more competitive ones of $150,000.
There is a huge potential for autonomous branding in the mid-to-high end suv market. Figure 31: Top 10 sales of more than 150,000 suv models in 2016. Chart 30 continues to record high sales of suv in the country.
Auto-consumption groups have changed, and the autonomous brands are no longer being excluded. As the times have evolved, the majority of the country’s auto-consumptions are changing.
So, the new generation of consumers has a relatively small bias toward brand selection, which allows the autonomous company to open the market through excellent products. 2) The new generation of consumers buys cars more quickly.
Due to limited income, young consumers are more sensitive to prices when buying cars, and the value is a traditional advantage of autonomous brands. At present, autonomous brands have succeeded on the basis of their value for money advantage in the country’s lower and middle-end suv and mpv markets. In 2016, autonomous brands held six of the 10 models before the sale of suv, all of which are between $8 and $150,000; and in the top 10 models of mpv, only one of the 10 vehicles sold.
The Buickgl8 joint venture is a direct reflection of the importance that the new generation of consumers attach to value for money. We believe that the Wall’s choice to launch a brand of brands with a brand-new high quality, high configuration, high value for money, and with the suv model, which is the most popular in the domestic market, is likely to succeed.
4.2 The company itself has the power to shock high-end markets, and sustained R & D investment has provided the technology base for the Wey brand. In 2016, the size of the company ' s revenues reached 98.444 billion yuan, the net profit from the mother reached 10.551 billion yuan, and the company ' s revenue and profitability levels are at the industry ' s leading level. Based on years of steady profitability, the company has invested in R & D.
From 2010 to 2016, the company ' s R & D costs increased from 447 million yuan to 3,180 million yuan, and, with the continued focus and investment in the R & D process, the company has built up a research and development centre, a pilot centre, a prototype centre, a data centre, five main four functional areas, and is now fully autonomous at all stages, such as car make-up, engineering, cae, test-testing, engine, transformer, etc.
Technology, standards, and intellectual property rights, which create a strong combination of research and development capabilities, and the quality of products guaranteed.
Diagram 36 -- the whole vehicle test site, Chart 37 -- the Great Wall 's motor transformer test centre, Chart 38 -- the Great Wall 's high-altitude environmental simulation laboratory.
Internationalized Research and Development Teams help build high-quality cars. In the research and development team, wey brands have formed an internationalized production and development team. These include Mr. Ultimate, who worked for Odie for 30 years and was one of the board members; Mr. Pierre Leclek, who worked for the design director of the BMW; and decades of research and development experience with transformers, who worked in Tison Khenberg and the Demler Group.
Mr. De Ning; and a group of foreign experts, such as Alexander Tiberio and Nvh, experts in car safety technology, Alan Cureton. Currently, the Great Wall Automobile Technology Center has a research and development team of nearly 7,000 people, of whom more than 1,000 are experts, both at home and abroad.
New brands and products are recognized by the market as requiring the accumulation of consumer slogans, and, thanks to the success of the Hover brand, the Great Wall car has accumulated good user labels. In the last user satisfaction survey organized by the Chinese Quality Association, in 2016, Hapheh6 was ranked first in the market with cs75, upper car mggs, and after the sale of the autonomous brand.
Services satisfaction ranks third in the Hover brand. The market satisfaction rise reflects consumer recognition of corporate brands and products, and is an important quality endorsement of the Wey brand.
4.3 Wey's brand first-car model is already highly competitive in terms of product strength. Wey's first-car type vv7 is now officially on the market, with a size of 4765 mm*1931 mm*1655mm and an axle range of 2950 mm, reaching medium suv level in size.
No. The VV7 model is more original in shape, with a sense of surface design motion, and the interior design and use of fine materials, reaching a higher level of design: power, with a 2.0l turbo booster engine (max. 172kw, max. 360n.m) autonomously developed by the Great Wall vehicle, combined with a wet 7-speed binocular converter, comparable to the mainstream joint venture model in configuration with parameters; and configuration,
The Vv7 model, which is fully marked with aled lamps, acc adapts to cruises, collision alerts, auto brakes, body stability control, towed gravity control, brake aids, uphill aids, etc., are less common in the same class. In our grass-roots research, it can be sensed that the W7 mode of driving is significantly different from the Hover flag type, and that driving performance and feeling are at the level of the mainstream joint vehicle type.
High level of integrity achieved. Figure 42w7 Appearance. Figure 43w7 Accomplishment manufacturing process excellent.
Chart 44w7 is marked with full LCD, Chart 45w7 is marked with a number of active security configurations.
In terms of configuration and prices, the disadvantages are mainly in brand influence. In terms of configuration and prices, we have chosen to compare the VV7 configuration with the power system’s joint venture model, which shows that VV7 has a clear advantage over the joint venture brand in prices, and, secondly, the w7 overflowing with the same joint venture model in size and active security configuration.
In particular, this model, which classifies technology such as steering wheels, fully liquid crystal meters, self-adaptation cruises, active brakes, steep slopes, panoramic cameras, etc., as a whole-system model, greatly increases the level of technological sense and safety configuration of the entire vehicle, and makes Vv7 competitive in a market of between $150,000 and $200,000. In terms of brand influence, there is still a gap between the newly born Wey brand and the joint venture brand.
Thus, attracting middle- and high-end consumers by virtue of good product and value for money advantage would be a reasonable option. We believe that the Weyvv7 model, based on excellent product power and attractive prices, competes differently from the competing model of the joint venture brand and already competes with the joint venture brand.
Middle- and high-end clients. In the current situation, where the country’s mid- and high-end suv market has long been dominated by a joint venture brand, the Great Wall car has entered the market with a wey brand, promising to break through the bottlenecks of high-end autonomous branding and open up new performance growth points in the future.
5.1 Profit forecasting and investment rating Scenario I: Company Xu Shui III and transformer production is successful; Scenario II: company full new H6 and vv7 model production capacity is up and running, and market sales and orders are in line with expectations;
Assumption three: there are no significant quality events in the company's flag type; In terms of sales, as the company is currently at the point of replacement for the old and new H6 model, the old model is in the stock-out cycle, while the full new h6 model is going to climb for some time, and the company will continue to sell in the short term or continue to look for the bottom. It is expected that with the traditional boom in the domestic car market in August,
With the arrival of the season and the release of the new H6 and Wey models, firm sales will be strongly supported. According to feedback from our distributors' research, the current market resonance and orders of the new H6 and Weyvv7 are good. In the context of the progressive liquidation of the company's stock and the release of its capacity, we anticipate that the new H6 models are expected to break 10,000 bars per month in June, and that the sales will reach 112,000 throughout 2017.
Sales will continue to rise as the channels expand progressively (there are currently some 20 independent shops across the country under construction, with about 150 outlets in the middle) and it is expected that sales will reach 71,000 vehicles (including w7, w5). On the profit side, the overall Māori rate is expected to decline as a result of the increased promotion of the old car type in 2017, and after 2018, the overall Māori rate will decline.
With new vehicle patterns on the rise, corporate overall sales and profitability will increase significantly. With the growing competitiveness of powerful vehicles, the new brand of Wey is expected to open up a high-end brand, and we maintain the company’s “precautionaryly recommended” investment rating.
(2) Newer H6/wey sales are lower than expected; (3) new models have significant quality safety risks, etc. In May, they joined the Department of Securities Research and Development in Hua Xing, the main area of research and follow-up: the mechanical industry.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation, and specific needs.