Ports of transport shipping and non-financial companies: a critical review - 2503: significant re-engineering of the performance ring and bright port operations
Investment rating: Increase (maintenance) Events: Middle and Far Sea Control published three-quarterly reports in 2025: Companies achieved 58.499 billion yuan in operating income in the third quarter of 2025, Tsang Ji-sung
In the third quarter of 2025, the company ' s combined shipment price was $750.09 \triangleright/teu, or -26.73 per cent; the average value of ccfi fell by 39.49 per cent.
Wang Xuewu influences the situation. The global container shipping market continues to grow and, as of October 26, 2025, has exceeded 3,327 million teus, increasing overall supply over demand and increasing aggregate prices.
Zhang Fong Cheol has the advantage, and the company's prices have fallen less than ccfi's. Weak shipping costs have resulted in a run-off of profit spaces, pressure on new ships, and a high concentration in the industry is expected to reach the bottom. In the medium and long term, ships continue to operate at a high capacity.
More than 1 million new boats are still waiting to be delivered. Maritime demand has recovered slowly, with Clarkson predicting a 3.3% increase in global container shipping trade in 2025, while power has grown by 6.7% over the same period.
On the ground, on 30 October 2025, China and the United States agreed that the United States would eliminate 10% of the “fentanyl” tariffs on Chinese goods and that 24% of the reciprocal tariffs would continue to be suspended for one year, while the 301 survey measures on China’s maritime, logistics, and shipbuilding industries would be suspended for one year. The United States tariff policy had eased, and the tariffs had been suspended.
Ben’s decline in trade on American routes. Profit predictions and investment perspectives: Mid-Sea Control, a global head container transport integrated service provider, based on the latest supply and demand situation in the industry and the continuing red Sea bypasses, we expect the Middle-Sea to control net profit margins for the period 2025-2027.
My personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers are maintained, taking into account the firmness of the industry and the nature of the company’s dividends. I have been diligent in my professional attitude, professional intuitive in my research methods, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report independently and objectively, without any part of the person’s remuneration being, directly or indirectly, associated with the specific investment opinions or views in this report.