With technology (68808.sh), high-speed interconnection chips are the new engine of growth, with 92 per cent and 8 per cent of the revenue from the interconnection chip and the Jin capture server platform in 2024, respectively, at 1025.
The company is the leading international department of data processing and interconnection chip design and is committed to providing high-performance, low-capacity chip solutions in the field of cloud computing and artificial intelligence. Income of $3.639 billion (yoy+59%) was achieved in 2024, with interconnection chips and a net capture server platform, respectively.
S098052108001 for memory interface chip manufacturers to provide a full buffer/semi-buffer complete resolution from ddr2 to ddr5. Cpu continuous rotation in support of a higher speed ddr5 will drive the size of the ddr5 memory module.
In 2024, corporate memory interface chips were delivered in excess of the ddr4 memory interface chip. At the same time, ddr5 replacements helped to maintain the asp and Maori ratio, with company dddr5 second generation rcd chips delivered in 2024 in excess of the first generation, and third generation rcd chips in size of 4q24.
The size of the new product for the power of three, which has become a new engine for growth. The rapid development of the technology and applications of the ai, the surge in the demand for arithmetic, capacity, i.e., the efficiency of data transmission between computing and storage and its internals, the maximum/minimum price of 52 weeks.
It's a bottleneck for the system. The company has developed a number of high-performance chips, of which pcie retimmerer, mrcd/mdb, ckd 3 new products were delivered on a scale of 2024, with the pciertemer chip being applied on a downstream scale, mrcd/mdb chip and ckd chip being tested on a scale that brings together about about the total revenue.
422 million dollars, eight times as much as in 2023; 1025 million dollars combined, an increase of 155 per cent over the same period. mxc chips entered the first list of compliance suppliers, layouts of pcieswitch chips. In data-intensive computing systems, cxl can be used for RAM extensions, memory poolization and memory sharing.
It is a cxl memory extension control chip, which has successfully passed cxl2.0 compliance tests and is included in the first cxl2.0 compliance list published by the Cxl Union; in addition, Samsung and sk Hercules were selected for the cxl2.0 compliance list for the same period, using the company ' s mxc chip.
In the fourth quarter of 2024, the company decided to suspend the development of the ai numeracy chip for the data centre, transferring the relevant technology accumulation and research and development resources to the development and industrialization of the pcieswitch chip.
“Technology (6880808.sh)—Quarterly earnings and net profit on maternity are new to the seasons” “Technology (68808.sh)—Three-quarter net profit on interconnected chips” “Technology (68808.sh)—Second-quarter net profit on non-parents is higher to the quarter”
The risk of increased trade friction: Science and Technology Incidence (68808.sh) - 79% increase in income in the first half of the year compared with 79% increase in the second quarter of the year; Science and Technology Incubation (68808.sh) - 76% increase in income in the quarter compared to 76% increase in some new products
Focus Data Processing and Connected Chip Design, 2016-2024 41% net profit cagr.
Founded in 2004, the company is the leading international company in data processing and interconnection chip design and is committed to providing high-performance, low-capacity chip solutions for cloud computing and artificial intelligence. The company successfully landed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in July 2019 as the first company to be listed.
The company now has two main product lines: an interconnection chip and a Jin arrest server platform. The interconnection chip includes memory interface chips (rcd/bd chip, mrcd/mdb chip, ckd chip), memory module packages, pcie
Retimer chip, cxl memory extension control chip (mxc chip), clock chip, etc.; capture server, annual company production of the first high-performance programmed clock generator chip, and start work on the clock buffer chip.
The development of arithmetic chips for data centres, focusing development strategies on high-speed interconnectivity chips, and transferring technology accumulation and research and development resources to the development and industrialization of pcieswitch chips.
Mr. Chong Hoon is a Master of Arts and Doctor of Electronics and Computer Engineering at Oregon State University, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since its inception, and was elected to the American Electrical and Electronic Engineers Association in 2010. Stephentai is a Master of Arts in Electronic Engineering at Stanford University, and has been a Director and Managing Director of the Company since its inception.
The percentage of passive fund holdings is rising, higher than the percentage of active fund holdings. In view of the Fund’s holdings, the share of passive fund holdings (with passive indexed funds, enhanced indexed funds) has been increasing.
In 2024, 92 per cent of income was derived from interlinked chips, with a 213 per cent increase in net profit from mother-to-manufactured funds, general-equity mixed funds, flexible-share funds, balanced mixed funds) Figure 4: Net profit and increase in corporate-to-manufactured funds
The revenue from the Internet chip and the Jin capture server platform in 2024 was 3,349 million yuan and $280 million, respectively, representing an income of 92.0 per cent and 7.7 per cent respectively, with three new products: pcieretamer, mrcd/mdb, ckd 62.7 per cent in 2024, slightly higher than the Māori rate of 61.2 per cent for the international comparable company Rambus products; and the catch.
Figure 8: Māori rate of corporate product lines
The memory module is complementarities with hbm as the primary chip is updated and the memory module is an important part of the current computer architecture, as the data transit station for cpu and hard disks.
The data is stored and read faster than the hard disk. Dimm (dual inlinemorymodule, double-column into memory module) is the type of memory module that is currently in the mainstream, mainly for servers, general desktops, laptops.
rdimm, lrdim, etc.; memory module types for desktops, laptops are mainly udim, rdimm (registereddimm, sender double-column direct-plug memory module): address, command, control signal buffer using rcd (registeringlockdriver) chips
memory module. lrdimm (loadredduceddimm, downloaded double-column straight-plug memory module): a buffer of address, command, control signal and data signal using the rcd and db (databuffer) set
Memory module, mainly for servers. udim (unbuffereddimm, two-column without buffer to insert into the memory module): address and control signal without buffer, memory module without any time sequence adjustment, mainly for desktop computing
Sodimm (smalloutlinedimm, small double-column straight-in memory module): smaller shape sizes, mainly for laptops with higher size requirements. New memory module structures are defined and defined by Jedec, based on transmission speed increases or new industry demands.
International standards, such as mrdim (multiplexedrankdimm) for servers, and cudimm (clockedunbuffereddimm), csodimm (clocked smalloutlinedimm), camm (compressationattachedmorymorymodule) for desktops/notebooks, etc.
The memory module and cpu are two core components of the computer and are important components of the computer ecosystem, and the continuous overlap of cpu, which supports a higher rate of ddr5, will drive the scale of the ddr5 memory module and update it. The memory module and hbm are complementary co-exist relationships.
Bandwidthmemory, a high bandwidth memory) is gradually entering public view. hbm is a 3d stack of drams. The advantage of the high bandwidth is obvious, and it is easier to communicate with gpu by sealing it with gpu. The scalability and flexibility of hbm are limited by the combination of gpu, while storage capacity is much lower than memory modules.
High. We believe that both memory modules and hbm have their respective strengths and areas of application. From the memory manufacturer’s product road map, memory module products and hbm lines are upgraded simultaneously.
The memory module is defined by Jedec and the company is one of its board members. The development of the memory module has a clear path to technological upgrading, a global microelectronics standard-setting body, Jedec Solid State Technology Association, a definition of the memory module's composition, performance indicators, specific parameters, etc.
The company is a member of Jedec’s Board of Directors, with staff chairing or vice-chairing positions in the four committees and branches of Jedec and deeply involved in standard-setting for products related to Jedec. For example, the company takes the lead in developing multi-ddr5 memory interface chip standards, packages, etc.
Comprising ddr5rcd chips, mdb chips and ckd chips, and actively participating in ddr5 memory module packages, ddr5 generation mainstreams memory interface chips, opening sub-alternate memory interface chips, which are the core logical elements of the server memory module.
, the primary role of the memory interface chip is to increase the speed and stability of RAM access to the memory data, and to fill the server cpu’s growing high performance and high capacity requirements for the memory module. The memory interface chip is to be matched to the various memory particles and memory modules produced by the memory manufacturer and to be used through the server cpu, memory and oem.
The memory interface chip has also evolved from the ddr2 to the ddr5 generation. The global RAM chip market is expected to be $5.7 billion in 2031, with companies as one of the three major manufacturers.
According to qyresearch data, the market size of the global memory interface in 2024 was $1,009 million, the market size was expected to be $1,268 million in 2025, $5.702 billion in 2031, and the participants were increasingly concentrated in the ddr5 generation. Similar to the ddr4 generation, the ddr5 interface chip is the main.
By three mainstream suppliers, the company, Risa Electronics and Rambus, the company is one of the major global providers that can provide a full buffer/semi-buffer solution from ddr2 to ddr5. The memory interface chips for ddr4 and dddr5 are classified as rcd and db by function.
(rcd) buffers from memory controller addresses, commands, clocks, control signals, data buffers (db) data signals from memory controllers or stored particles. rdimm buffers addresses, commands, clocks, control signals only with rcd chips, lrdim with rcd and db packages for addresses, commands, clocks, clocks, etc.
Controlling signals and data signals for buffer. Corporate-invented “1+9” distributed buffer memory subsystems framework, breaking through a centralized frame of ddr2, ddr3, and innovatively using 1 rcd as a core and 9bd distribution structure layouts, significantly reducing cpu
The load effect with the dram particles reduced the loss of signal transmission, resolved the contradiction between the large capacity of the memory subsystem and the high speed, and was eventually adopted by the jedec international standard as the ddr4 generation framework, and has evolved into the 1+10 framework in the ddr5 generation, which continues to be the lrdim international standard.
ddr5 uses lower working voltage and higher rate of support. With ddr5 memory technical specifications and product formation in commercial use, dddr5 memory technology is in the process of updating and replacing ddr4 memory technology. dddr5 memory interface chip uses lower working voltage (1.1v) than the last ddr4 generation memory interface chip.
At the same time, a step forward in transmission effectiveness and reliability. From the information already published by Jedec, the ddr5 memory interface chip has been planned for five sub-generations, with a support rate of 4,800 mt/s, 5600 mt/s, 6400 mt/s, 7200 mt/s, 8,000 mt/s, and a possible follow-up sub-generation to achieve a higher transmission.
The rate of delivery and the support for greater memory capacity are trends and driving forces in the development of the memory interface chip industry. ddr5 memory module penetration continues to increase, with company dddr5 memory chip output exceeding ddr4 in 2024.cpu continuous rotation in support of a higher rate dddr5 will drive the use and updating of the ddr5 memory module on a larger scale.
The main desktop level cpu in support of ddr5 was officially released in 2021, the general desktop/noteboard computer was officially listed at the beginning of the year and will be updated on an ongoing basis, and the ddr5 memory module penetration will continue to increase. In 2024, the internal memory interface chip was delivered in excess of the ddr4 memory interface chip.
The company has taken the lead in starting a ddr5 replacement, which helps to maintain the asp and the Māori ratio. The company produced the dddr5 first generation in October 2021, the dddr5 second generation rcd chip in May 2022, the dddr5 third generation rcd chip in October 2023, and the support of 7200 mt/s was launched in January 2024.
The data rate of the ddr5 fourth generation rcd chip; the fifth generation of the rcd chip was rolled out in the fourth quarter of 2024 and successfully sent to the client. In 2024, the company ddr5 second generation of the rcd chip had delivered more than the first generation product and the third generation of the rcd chip had been delivered on a scale of 4024.
See, the faster the sub-delegates, the higher the average sales price and the Māori rate of the product. mrdim meets the high bandwidth requirements of the server, and the company mrcd/mdb has advanced in its research and development of mrdim memory module standards to meet the needs of the ai, with a first generation rate of up to 8,800 mt/s.
The Jedec organization has developed technical standards related to the server mrdim memory module for higher bandwidth and volume memory modules. ddr5mrdim provides innovative and efficient new module design to improve the number of transmission speeds and overall system performance, multi-circuit re-use allows multiple data signals to be combined through individual channels.
Transfers, thereby effectively increasing bandwidth without additional physical connections and providing seamless bandwidth upgrades, allowing applications to exceed the data speed of ddr5rdimm. The first generation mrdim supports the rate of 8,800mt/s, the second generation mrdimm supports the rate of 12,800mt/s, and the third generation mrdimm is being defined.
More than 14,000 mt/s. mrdim can enhance the efficiency of the ai reasoning.
The first word generation time was reduced by 13 per cent, the use efficiency of cpu was increased by 26 per cent, and the last-stage cache was reduced by 20 per cent. Intel supported mrdimm ' s Intel to strong 6 processor was listed in 2024. The Intel team started to develop mrdimm in 2018 and validated the concept with a prototype in 2021. Intel worked with ecological partners in storage.
The Intel to the Power 6 Performance Processor (code Graniterapids) was officially released in September of that year as a industry rate, first supporting the processor of mrdim technology and, according to tests, using mrdim systems is 33 percent faster than using rdimm systems.
The storage plant is actively running the mrdim module, compatible with the rdimm system. For the storage plant, the mrdim module was launched by the sk Hercules, the Samsung, and the Light, which announced in July 2024 that the mrdim module would be compatible with the Intel to the Power 6 processor, providing much-needed bandwidth and capacity for the next generation of server platforms.
And the delay is reduced to expand the ai reasoning and high performance computing applications. mrdim uses the same connector and shape specifications as conventional rdimm, which, based on a higher rate of speed, ensures good co-facilitation in mature ecosystems, thereby reducing the total cost of corporate ownership.
The memory bandwidth has been raised by 39% and the bus efficiency has been increased by more than 15%, with a delay of 40%. mrdim needs one mrcd and 10 mdb chips, and the penetration increase will drive the sale of corporate products. mrdim memory module uses the base structure of lrdim "1+10 " , which requires a combination of memory interface chips.
1 mrcd chip and 10 mdb chip. The mrcd chip is responsible for buffering and relaying addresses, commands, clocks and control signals from memory controllers, and the mdb chip is responsible for buffering and relaying data signals from memory controllers or dram containing particles.
The company is the lead developer of the international standards for mdb chips, and the first generation of mrcd and mdb packages (support data speed 8,800mt/s) have been procured on a global scale by major repository producers, the second generation in January 2025.
The mrcd/mdb chip has been successfully sent to the memory vendor to support the transmission rate at a maximum of 12,800 mt/s. In 2024, the server high-bandwidth memory module for the mrcd/mdb chip with the company started a scale test, with the company mrcd/mdb in the first and second quarters of 2024 exceeding its revenues, respectively.
20 million dollars and 50 million dollars. As the server cpu, which supports mrdim, is listed, it is expected that the mrcd/mdb chip will start downstream from 2025, leading the company mrcd/mdb chip sales. Figure 18: Company mrcd/mdb chip
The speed increase has led to the addition of ckd chips to the pc memory module, the company's arrival in size, the continuous increase in transmission rates, the increasing frequency of clock signals and the growing problem of clock signal integrity. When the ddr5 data rate reaches 6,400 mt/s and above, the memory module at the end of pc will need to use a dedicated clock drive.
(ckd) Chips that buffer and re-drive clock signals on memory modules to meet high-speed clock signal integrity and reliability requirements.
The value of ckd restores the amplitude and time-sequencing of drams on dmm, thus ensuring that the time-series budget of the reading/writing system at 6400 speeds meets the requirement to generate a copy of four clocks from the single or two channel clock source of the mainframe.
· Replacing the need for up to four clock connections from cpu to memory module reduced cpu leg and power; simplifying the layout of the main plate; October, Intel launched the Cool Wise ultra 200 series, supporting cduimm, csodimm new memory.
With the first cudimm, csodimm memory strips launched under the United States flag, with the ckd chip conforming to the jedec code, the first commercial jedec standard ddr5cudimm and csodimm solution to be marketed in the industry, the bulk has already started to be delivered and can be matched with the Kojiultra 200 series.
The company was the first to test the ckd chip, which was delivered in the second quarter of 2024. In 2022, the company released the first industrial ddr5, first-generation ckd project sample, and in April 2024, it was the first to test the ckd chip in the industry.
The first-generation ckd chip is used for memory on the client and supports a maximum speed of 7200 mt/s to improve the speed and stability of client memory access to match the increasing speed and performance of cpu. The ckd chip meets the latest jedec standard, supports bilateral bus address access and 120,130 interfaces.
A memory control word, which changes its output signal properties to match the network tops of different dimms, and which can reduce power consumption by disableing unused output signals. Figure 20: Corporate ckd chip
An increase in aipc penetration is expected to accelerate the pace of ckd chips. With the gradual diffusion of the new cpu home platform, which supports 6400mt/s memory speeds, it is expected that the ckd chip will be phased out into mainstream penetration over the next three to four years. At the same time, aipc needs a higher memory bandwidth to enhance its overall operation, aipc penetration rate.
Upgrades will accelerate the ddr5 sub-alternate and increase the demand for higher dddr5 memory, thereby accelerating the upper rhythm and overall demand for the ckd chip. According to idc, the delivery of aipc will increase from 2363 million in 2023 to 254 million in 2028, with a penetration rate of 9 per cent to 91 per cent, with a penetration rate of 2025.
Co-development of memory module packages with partners. According to jedec standards, the ddr5 memory module will require a serial check of three sets of collator (spd), temperature sensor (ts) and power management chip (pmic) in addition to the memory particles and memory interface chips.
During the ddr5 generation, the server memory module would need to be configured with a spd chip, a pmic chip and two ts chip, a normal desktop machine, a laptop memory module of udimm (a buffer-free double-column-plug-in-in module), and sodimm (a small double-column direct-plug-in module) would need to be configured with a spd chip and a pmic chip.
Spd: The company and partners developed ddr5spd, internal chip integration of 8kbiteeprom, 12c/13c bus hubs (hub) and temperature sensors (ts), applicable to RAM modules in the ddr5 series (e.g. lrdimm, rdimm, udimm, sodimm, etc.), with applications including servers, desktop machines
And the laptop memory module. The main suppliers are now the company and Reza Electronics. ts: The company, together with its partners, developed the ddr5 high accuracy ts chip, supported the 12c and 13c chain bus, which is suitable for the ddr5 server rdim and lrdim memory module. ts as the source of the spd chip.
Equipment, which can work up to 1 mhz 120 and 12.5 mhz 130, respectively, at clock frequencies; cpu server memory module, which is currently in the mainstream of ddr5 server, with two sets of batteries, is currently the main supplier, the company and Risa Electronics.
.pmic: The company has developed a ddr5 power management stream (pmic) that conforms to the jedec code, and the pmic function is mainly to provide power supply support for other chips on the memory module (e.g. dram, rcd, db, spd, ts, etc.); cpu can communicate with it via the spd chip to achieve power management.
Pcleretimer applies to the arithmetic system, and the company has established the pcierenemer aid data high speed, remote transmission pcie protocol, a high-speed serial computer extension bus standard, which has become the mainstream common interface.
(peripheralcomonentinterconnectexpress) is based on pci and developed to address the general bandwidth problem, which is used to connect computers to the main board and various peripheral devices, such as gpu, solid hard disks (ssd), webcards, etc.
The number of channels can range from one to more (x1, x 4, x 8, x 16, x 32, etc.). The pcie interconnectivity technique has developed rapidly in recent years, and the transmission rate per upgrade has basically doubled and maintains good backward compatibility properties. pcie 5.0, pcie 6.0 transmission rates are 32 gt/s, 64 gt/s, respectively.
Fluid interfaces, covering a wide range of computing platforms, including pc, server, storage system, handheld computing, effective service cloud computing, enterprise-level computing, high performance computing, artificial intelligence, and networking applications. Pcieretamer is a hypervelocity time-series integration chip for the pcie high-speed data transfer protocol, which can be added
Effective transmission distance for high-speed signals. At the same time that the pcie upgrade drives data transfer rates to double, it also causes significant signal decay and reference clock time reordering problems, and pcierenemer restores the circuit by using internal clocks, resets the signal to remove clock deflection and shaking, and corrects the signal.
Phases and time deviations, and then re-transmissions, can solve problems of data speed, signals in remote transmissions, time series, severe wear and tear, and incompleteness. pcletismer starts as a label from pclle4.0. pcletimmer starts with pclétime 4.0.
It has become an essential tool in high-speed circuits and has a comparative advantage over other technological solutions on the market in terms of performance, standardization and ecosystem support, allowing flexibility to switch pcie or cxl models in the future, depending on the configuration of the system.
Pcierettimer is used for the arithmetic system, and pcieretamer is used mainly in high-performance computing platforms and i servers. According to the ai system of the asteralabs network, eight retimer and hib (hostinterfaceboard) are required for the combination of two cpu headpoints.
Connected, 1 retimer is required to connect to nic; the combination of 8 gpu jbog (justabunchofgpus) or accelerator base sets requires 16 retimer. The end use of retimer varies depending on the server or data centre setup, but retimeer is widely used in the arithmetic system and its value is expected
As pcie technology overlaps, pcierettimer can also be used in the areas of modular infrastructure, memory extension.
The growth in the volume of goods delivered by the one server will drive the increase in the use of pcieretamer, with a projected 46.8 per cent capr market size of pcie/usb retimer in 2024-2032. According to idc, the global volume of goods delivered by the one server (on board gpu or other accelerators) increased by 39 per cent to 2.17 million in 2024 and is expected to increase by 27 per cent in 2025.
By 2.76 million, the share of total server shipments increased from 15 per cent to 17.6 per cent in the case of i servers. The growth in the volume and market size of pcieretamer will drive the growth in the use of pcieretamer, the forecast of bosinessresearchinsights at US$ 46.8 per cent in the case of cagr.
The company pcieretimer is already on a large scale, pcie6.x/cxl3.xretimer is the second global producer of pcie 5.0/cxl2.0 retimer chips.
In the pcie 5.0 era, the company produced a pcie 5.0/cxl2.02 retimer chip in January 2023, the second producer of the product in the world after asteralabs, which is currently being launched by the Internet, the Swe technology, etc.
Figure 30: The company's pcierenemer chip has produced good integration, and the pcieserdesip has been delivered on a scale of 1024. The company's self-researched pcie serdesip has been successfully applied in pcie 5.0/cxl 2.0 retimer, and self-researched for good integration.
Sex has a certain advantage in the ability of a product to be time-consuming, to be assimilated. The company's pcierenemer chip is gaining the approval of a growing number of customers and downstream users, and the pcie 5.0 retimer chip has been successfully introduced into the mainstream cloud computing/Internet vendor's ai server in some parts of the country and has started to deliver on scale.
The 1024 delivery volume is about 150,000, which exceeds 1.5 times the product ' s 2023 delivery, and the 2024 exit volume has doubled. The latest developed pcie6.x/cxl3.xretimer chip m88rt61632, launched in January 2025, has been successfully sent to the client. The chip supports 16 routes with a maximum data transmission rate of 64gt/s, compared to 64gt/s.
The pcie 5.0 era is doubled. For generic applications like ai servers, active cable (aec) and storage systems, companies can provide a full set of technical support services based on the chip, such as reference designs, evaluation panels and supporting software, to help customers quickly complete import designs and speed up the process of listing new products.
The Division is developing a pcie 7.0 retimer chip. Figure 31: Corporate pcieretamer typical application scenario cxl solves the memory wall problem, and corporate mxc chip leads.
cxl is an open high-speed interconnection technology that meets future computing needs.cxl (computeexpresslink) is an open high-speed interconnection technology based on pcie.
The aim is to improve the efficiency of communication between data centres and high-performance cpu, memory and accelerator calculations by harmonizing memory address space, while maintaining low delay and high bandwidth to meet high-performance isomer computing and storage needs.
Industry leaders such as md, arm, asteralabs, Cisco, Delemc, Google, hpe, Huaieng, Intel, Meta, Microsoft, Weida, Samsung, sk Hercules, etc. Figure 32: Member of the Board of Directors of the Cxl Union
Cxl3.2, December 2024. The first generation of cxl code cxl1.0 was released in March 2019 and released in December 2024, optimizing the control and management of cxl memory equipment compared to the previous version, increasing the functionality of cxl memory equipment in operating systems and applications, and adopting a credible security protocol (tsp)
The cxl agreement consists of three subagreements: cxl.io, cxl.cache, cxl.memory. Figure 35: cxl's three subagreements support three types of cxl equipment: 1)type1, an accelerator or anccelerator installed through the pcie slot;
2) typepe2, with memory accelerators; 3) typepe3, storage buffers. Figure 36: Cxl-supported three types of cxl devices with cxl-based memory extension/pooling/sharing can be used to solve memory wall problems
cxl can be used to solve memory wall problems in computing systems. In data-intensive computing systems, cxl can be used for memory extensions, memory poolization and memory sharing to extend storage capacity, high bandwidth delay in acquiring memory pools, allocate memory according to load dynamics, and reduce data movements.
The memory extension based on cxl increases capacity and reduces system time delay. The memory capacity is limited to cpu memory access channels and dram capacity, and the memory extension based on cxl can add more memory capacity in a nonstop situation, thereby increasing the scalability of the system. Compared to using extra nvmessd as an auxiliary memory, in
As the master chip has different memory capacity to use at different stages of work, it is often over-configured to ensure peak demand.
The memory pool based on cxl can effectively reduce memory redundancy and improve efficiency of use by allocating memory dynamics to different master chips. Figure 40: The memory pool based on cxl
Memory sharing based on cxl reduces unnecessary data transfer. Inefficient data flow and memory copying are also one of the challenges for the computational system. Memory sharing based on cxl can be a different core chip sharing memory area, thereby reducing unnecessary data transfer.
Cxl Ecology is being built, the company mxc chip is entering the list of first compliant suppliers, supporting the cxl processor and memory module, and the cxl ecology is being built. The first generation of cpu in support of the cxl agreement is the fourth generation of the pyc processor, code-named “genoa”, issued in 2022.
The fifth generation of the pyc processor, code-named "turin" , supports cxl2.0; the fourth generation to the powerful sapphirepids processor, introduced in Intel in 2023, supports cxl, to the upper 6 series holding cxl2.0. In terms of memory, three stars, Mezzam, and sk Hercules have published a module supporting cxl2.0.
In April 2025, sk Hercules announced that its cmm-ddr596gb memory module based on the cxl2.0 standard had been completed and that the company provided the cxl memory module with a memory extension control chip into the first cxl2.0 compliance provider to clear the list. The mxc chip is a cxl memory extension control chip, which is the third setup defined in the cxl protocol.
Transfer rate. The company ' s first global release of mxc chips in 2022 and successfully passed dozens of hard tests in the Cxl coalition became the world ' s first tested memory extension control product. According to the company officials ' network, January 2025, the list of public compliance suppliers; and the list of cxl2.0 compliance suppliers, which was selected by Samsung and sk Hercules for the same period,
The product is measured using the company ' s mxc chip. The competitor asteralabs ' cxl memory controller leo ' s product line started producing in advance at 2024q4 and is expected to enter the production slope in the second half of 2025.
According to the Centre and cloud service providers, flexible solutions were provided to meet the high amount of US$ 1,000,000 in memory in databases, ai training, etc., to US$ 15 billion in 2028. Cxldram markets were the largest market in 2028, at US$ 12.5 billion; cxl memory extension controller markets at US$ 583 million; and cxl swaps.
The market size is $741 million, and the market size of the cxl market is based on high demand in the industry, an increase in ddr5 penetration and the release of new products, which was realized by the company in the first quarter of 2025.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: the company's interconnection chip products consist mainly of memory interface chips, memory module packages, ckd chips, pcieretamer chips, mxc chips, etc., which generated 3,349 million dollars in 2024.
Dollars, 53.31 per cent or 92 per cent over the same period, of which three high performance chips (pcierettimer, $135 million or 155 per cent over the same period); and a Māori rate of 64.50 per cent (yoy + 3.6 pt, qoq + 1.1 pt), the increase in Māori is mainly due to the ddr5 memory interface chip and highness
We believe that the company will continue to benefit from ddr5 penetration upgrades and sub-alternates, and that the three high-performance chips will continue to contribute to revenue gains as they are sold on scale.
Accelerating chips, mixed security memory modules, yielding an income of $280 million in 2024, an increase of 199 per cent in the same year. The company ' s main rates decreased in 2024 as a result of the scale effects of income growth, with a scenario analysis of the profitability projections under the R&D rates, which were previously assumed to be neutral, and optimistic projections of the growth rate and the growth rate of the harvest.
The company’s global market players competed mainly with international manufacturers. Among the comparable companies with memory interface chips were the United States’ Rambus, pcierenemers, mxc, pcieswitch chips, and the United States’ asteralabs and Botuns.
Chip design plate. As of 27 May 2025, Dr. Blue semiconductor, asteralabs, pe(ttm) 28 times, 377 times and 107 times respectively, and p (ttm) of the CSI plate, excluding negative company, has a strong market position in the area of internal interface chip, and the original business will continue to benefit from ddr5 penetration and ddr5 penetration.
In the long run, the mxc, clock chip, pcieswitch chip, which is actively being laid, is expected to open a new growth point. According to asteralabs, its market opportunities by 2028 will amount to $12.8 billion, of which pcie
Retimers/scms of $1.5 billion, restnetretimes/scms of $1.5 billion, cxl storage controls of $4 billion, and switches of $5 billion. We look at the new product layout of the company, giving ddr5 penetration upgrades and sub-alternation; in the medium term, the company's three high performance chip mrcd/mdb, ckd,
Pcierettimer will enter the scale release phase and contribute to the medium-term growth point; in the long run, the mxc, clock chip, pcieswitch chip of the company is being actively placed to open a new growth point, and we maintain that “better than larger values are based on relevant assumptions, in particular the choice of comparable companies and the valuation of multiples of companies”
Selecting companies that are the same or similar to the company’s business, choosing a valuation above the minimum, may not take sufficient account of the market and the industry’s overall risk of overvaluation. Prices are expected to be optimistic, leading to an overestimation of the risk of performance over the next three years.
This low estimate and an overestimation of Māori has led to a wind of the company's profit forecast for the next three years, where the interface chip product is downstream in the dram market, with the direct client being the memory module manufacturer. According to industry statistics, three of the top players in the dram market, electronics, Hercules, and American Light Technology, are in the industry.
The combined occupancy rate is over 90%, which results in a relatively high concentration of the company’s customers on the product line. If fruit’s product development strategy does not correspond to market change or client demand, there will be a risk that the company will not be able to develop new customers and sustain new businesses on a sustainable and stable basis, thus facing a decline in performance.
At the same time, because of the relative concentration of clients, companies face market share fluctuations, lower-income supplier risks, when the competition environment changes, such as large price reductions, competition, etc., is required by customers: the use of the Fables model, with the process of chip production and sealing being handed over to foreign-union manufacturers.
Accusations. Crystal circle manufacturing, sealing tests are capital-intensive and technology-intensive industries, so the relevant industries have a higher concentration, which is common in the industry. Company suppliers have a higher concentration.
If the market environment and the supply-demand relationship change, leading to higher prices for raw materials, the company will face associated business risks such as higher costs and a decline in the Maori rate.
Risks of R & D and market diffusion of new products: (1) the company ' s long-cycle development of new products, the high profile of capital inputs, the risk of miscalculation of market demand at the product planning stage, which can lead to errors in the positioning of the company ' s products; and (2) the company ' s presence in relation to companies due to the high technical content of the company ' s products
The risk of industry ' s own power miscalculations is mainly a miscalculation of a company ' s ability to develop technology, resulting in a failure to achieve or prolong a company ' s R & D project; and (3) because pre-emptiveness plays a greater role in the market share of a company ' s products, competition takes precedence over a company ' s design and production during product rotation.
Trade friction risks: the company’s main customers, suppliers, and the eda-ena-authorized manufacturers are mostly offshore firms. In recent years, global trade frictions have been frequent, although they are not currently significant for the company’s business performance.
However, given that the integrated circuit industry is a typical global division of labour cooperative industry, further escalation of global trade may result in higher transaction costs up and down the industrial chain, limited downstream demand, and poor upstream supply, which would have a negative impact on the company’s operations.
Further upgrading of the policy does not preclude the future adverse impact on the company’s operations and associated personnel. Changes in the environment, increased competition or technological upgrading leading to obsolete stocks, production delays, stock backlogs, will further increase the risk of falling prices on the company’s inventory and negatively impact on its profitability
Currency exchange gain/loss risk: While sales procurement operations run by the company are mostly in United States dollars and foreign currency transactions that occur are initially recognized at the end of the month prior to the date of the transaction converted into local currency amounts, exchange rate discounts at the end of the balance sheet date are applied to foreign currency items
The brain drain risk is that the chip design industry is a technology-intensive industry, with a greater reliance on skilled personnel. Competing competitors in the industry may still attract skilled company personnel through better treatment, or the company will suffer.
Other factors influence the loss of corporate skills, which will have an impact on the R & D of new firms’ products and on the storage of technological capabilities, thereby adversely affecting the profitability of firms. The risk of technology leaking: through sustained technological innovation, corporate R & D platforms are at a higher level within the industry.
Since its inception, companies have attached great importance to the confidentiality of core technologies, the timely patenting of R & D results, and the establishment of strict internal controls to safeguard the confidentiality of core technologies. However, there is a flow of core technology due to the movement of core technicians, technology leaks, or inadequate patent protection measures.
Risks of loss. As is already the case, the technological advantages of the company will be reduced to some extent, with adverse effects on the competitiveness of the company.
As the development process involves the authorization and licensing of intellectual property rights such as more patents and integrated circuit layouts, companies, for long-term development strategies, have adhered to autonomous innovation strategies, declaration and protection of their intellectual property rights and, when needed, purchase the necessary third-party intellectual property rights to avoid them.
But in the future, it cannot be ruled out that competitors or third parties resort to malicious litigation to block the expansion of the company’s market. At the same time, it cannot be ruled out that competitors steal the company’s intellectual property, and that the semiconductor industry in which the company is located is currently the focus of national policy in support of the industry, if policies change in the future.
At the same time, the semiconductor industry is the focus of trade friction between Central America and the United States, and increased restrictions on our semiconductor enterprises in the United States could lead to risks for the company operating without actual control. The company’s equity structure is fragmented and no shareholder can control it alone.
The lack of physical control can lead to a breakdown of governance and inefficient decision-making in the company.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject