Source certificate, non-financial first-cover report.
Global lead in interconnection chip solutions, industry trends + surprises Investment rating: buy-in (first time) break, performance time
The company has two main types of products, the first of which is an interconnection chip and a swirling server platform.
Chip product lines consist mainly of memory interface chips (including mrcd/mdb chips, ckd chips), memory module packages, pcierettimer chips, mxc chips, clock chips, etc., type II XE server platforms, product lines including cpu, data protection and credible computational acceleration chips and mixed safety memory modules.
The company is committed to providing high-performance, low-capacity chip solutions for cloud computing and the ai field, which are basically solid and industry leaders. 24 years of business expansion, 25 years of q1 performance. Benefited from 24 years of global server and computer industry.
Business needs have recovered, company business needs have resumed to grow, ddr5 downstream penetration has increased and substrate has continued, ddr5 memory interface chips have delivered more than the ddr4 series, and interconnection chip camps have received 3,349 million dollars.
The mrcd/mdb chip and the ckd chip have begun to be tested on the scale of the industry as a new growth point in corporate performance, with three products receiving $422 million, eight times as much as in 23 years. The company collected 3,639 million dollars throughout the 24-year period.
65.78 per cent, or 525 million yuan, or 135.14 per cent more than the previous year. The company had sufficient hand orders in the second quarter, and the net profit from the interconnected chip collection and return had increased by eight consecutive quarters, resulting in a significant increase in profitability.
On an ongoing basis, the digital economy, such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc., continues to grow and the global server market remains high.
The technology leads, the pcierettimer chip performance indicators are excellent, providing a complete memory interface and modular set-up of the chip solution. The company’s product market is highly recognized, and the pcleretimer chip accumulated in 2024, with over a million shipments. The company is expected to achieve mastery in the future, benefiting from an increased penetration rate of ddr5 and an increase in the demand for ai servers.
In the long run, the size of the battalion’s operations, and the net profit from its collection and repatriation have been robust. Actively expanding the business layout and technological innovation, maintaining a high level of R & D input.
Step-by-step core technological innovation and product applications. The company uses memory interface-related technology and serdes high-speed collage port technology successfully applied to ddr5, fourth generation rcd chip, first generation mrcd/mdb chip and pcie6.x/cxl3.xretimer chip. The company will or will store interlinks, pcie/cxl and Ethernet and others.
It is hoped that the company’s long-term new product layout will drive future harvests and profits and start a new engine of growth.
\triangleright more than twice. We've chosen to get a "buy-in" rating for the first time, given the company's leading technological advantage and high performance growth of the interconnected chip.
Connected chip business: benefiting from a strong demand in the i industry, a continuous increase in ddr5 penetration, company memory, interface chips and high performance chips are expected to be released on a sustainable basis, and we assume that the interconnected chip business 2025-2027 is the leading global company in data processing and interconnection chip design, company infrastructure is solid, company main product.
In 2024, the company continued its good growth, with net profits from the interconnection chip collection and repatriation increasing by eight consecutive quarters. The server market grew rapidly, i.e., the size of the server market was or will continue to increase, benefiting from ddr5 penetration rates.
The company maintains a high level of R & D inputs and core technological innovation, steadily pushing for product R & D and upgrading. The company’s long-term new product layout is expected to become a driving force in future development and drive sustained robust business growth.
The demand for memory modules is expanding less than expected; the demand for new products is expanding less than expected; and the development of new products is not developing more than expected. 1. Global server interface chip leader, four major drivers of layout 1.1. Global lead data processing and interconnection chip companies continue to expand
Science and technology was established in May 2004 as a leading global data-processing and interconnection chip design company. The company focused on providing high-performance, low-power chip solutions for cloud computing and artificial intelligence, and now has two major product lines: the chip and the Xin Quick server platform, with two main products, the first of which consists mainly of the first group of interconnected chip product lines.
Memory interface chips (including mrcd/mdb chips, ckd chips), memory module support chips, pcieretamer chips, mxc chips, clock chips, etc., with type II X-ray server platform product lines including cpu, data protection and mail-based computing acceleration chips and mixed safety memory modules (hsdimm institutes).
According to the company’s January 2025 quarterly report, the top three shareholders of the company were Hong Kong Central Clearing House, China Power Investment, and CHEC, with a ratio of shares.
Control of more than half of the board members, so the company does not have a controlling shareholder or actual controlling person. Chart 2: Corporate equity architecture (q1 up to 2025) The memory interface chip is the core logical device for the server memory module (also known as the RAM). ddr4/ddr5 memory
The interface chip is functionally divided into sent-on clock buffers (rcd) and data buffers (db). Only the memory module using the rcd chip is commonly called rdim for an address, command, clock, and control signal buffer, and the memory module using the rcd and db suite is called lrdim. As the jedec criteria and memory technology evolve, the company takes the lead.
Then the ddr2-ddr5 series of memory interface chips, including rdim and lrdim, were launched. As the ddr5 technology continues to upgrade, product subgeneration innovation continues to evolve, subdecree support rates continue to increase, and the ddr5 annual ddr5 interface chip is delivered in excess of the ddr4 interface chip in the ddr5.
The Ddr4 and ddr5 interface chips are widely used in the international mainstream memory, server and cloud computing areas, and the industry opportunities for ddr5 upgrading are precisely captured by the company, further consolidating the industry’s leading edge.
According to jedec standards, the ddr5 memory module would require three sets of chips, in addition to the RAM particles and RAM interface chips, namely, the serial detection hub (spd), the temperature sensor (ts) and the power management chip (pmic).
bus hubs and temperature sensors, applicable to the ddr5 series memory module, with applications including servers, desktops and pen power management chips, providing complete memory interfaces and supporting chip solutions for the ddr5 series memory module.
The company develops multiple high-performance chips, including pcieretamer, mrcd/mdb, ckd, cxlmxc, etc., which are the core logical devices for the server high-bandwidth memory module mrdim. With the evolution of the ai and big data applications and related technologies, there is an increasing need for bandwidth for the memory system, which is based on application needs.
mrdim uses the lrdim "1+10 " base structure, which requires the labelling of 1 mrcd chip and 10 microchips to be tested on industry scale. In addition, the company ' s second generation mrcd/mdb chip has successfully doubled to the full product [6400mt/s] in January 2025. The future ddr5 third generation mrcd/mdb chip rate or will break.
14000mt/s, the data transfer rate of the product is expected to increase further. The demand for the mrdim penetration is expected to rise significantly, benefiting from the increasing demand for ai servers, which is driving the increase in computing power in tandem with the demand for storage, and the importance of high performance transport chips.
By jedec, when ddr5 data speeds are 6400 mt/s and above, the client-side memory module is required to introduce a dedicated clock drive (ckd) chip to meet the integrity and reliability requirements of high-speed clock signals. The company ' s ddr5 first-generation ckd chip has a maximum support rate of 7200 mt/s, which meets the latest jedec standards, and supports the bilateral bus base.
Site access and i2c, i3c interfaces are designed to increase the speed and stability of data access to the client ' s memory module to match the increasing speed and performance requirements of cpu. Aipc requires higher transmission speed/calculation, is expected to accelerate ddr5 to a higher point and drive demand for higher-speed ddr5 memory, and aipc application penetration will boost the ckd chip requirements
Upgrade. The company is now actively moving forward with the production preparation of the ddr5ckd chip, working with clients on a pilot scale, on the night before scale release. The pcierettimer chip is an ultra-high-speed time-series integration chip for the pcie high-speed data transfer protocol.
The pcierenemer chip, using advanced signal modem techniques, can compensate for the loss of the channel and eliminate the effects of various sources of vibration, thereby enhancing signal integrity, increasing the effective transmission distance of high-speed signals, and providing an extended high-performance pcie interconnectivity solution for applications such as servers, storage devices and hardware accelerators.
Retimer chips are sent to customers, while the development of the pcie 7.0 retimmer chip is being actively advanced. As the demand for the ai server continues to expand and the pcie protocol expands the application landscape to a higher technology mix, the demand for the pciertemer chip is expected to grow.
The pcieswitch chip is a key component for expanding and connecting multiple pcie devices, which distributes limited pcie access to more equipment, while optimizing bandwidth distribution, which is widely used in data centres, high performance computing, storage systems, and network devices.
The company relies on the core advantages of its own serdes technology to develop new products, such as scalswitch. According to the 2024 report, the company has focused its development strategy on high-speed interconnectivity chips and will invest more resources in pcieswitch.
We believe that the company's research and development of the pcieswitch chip is a cxl memory extension control chip that can provide high levels of cpu and cxl-based equipment, depending on the successful mass production and the relevant technology and R & D resources accumulated by the scaler rcd chip, pcie retimer chip.
Bandwidth, low-delayed high-speed interconnectivity solutions. In May 2022, the company released its first global cxlxc chip and launched the relevant cxl memory product with its three-star electronics, sk Hercules, etc., to accelerate compliance with the next generation storage solution and maintain its leading position in this area. In January 2025, the company ' s mxc chip was successfully selected for cxl.
The first list of cxl2.0 compliance suppliers published by the Alliance. The company has now completed the development of a volume version of cxl2.0mxc chips and has promoted engineering development of the cxl3.xmxc chip. Cxl is one of the most important technological changes in the area of storage chips, and the technology is currently deployed in the original head factory, along with the sound storage capacity of cxl2.0, the cxl product and the accompanying mxc
The clock chip is designed to provide the electronic system with the necessary clock pulse chip. The clock chip consists mainly of clock generator chips, clock buffer chips and tremors, and the company has launched a series of high-performance programmed clock generator chips that can be lost.
Any frequency between 1 mhz and 333.3333 mhz, with super-low phase shaking properties and independently configured clock output. The company has now successfully produced the first high-performance programmed clock generator chip, which will further enrich the product model of clock chip in the future, including completing the development of the clock buffer version of the mass chip, and continuing to develop clock hair to meet the need for more applications.
Biochip, start engineering development of the tremor clock chip to meet customer-wide demand for the clock chip. Figure 8: Corporate high-performance programable clock generator chip maps.
In June 2024, the company released a new version of the energy-efficient nuclear cpu, product support for single- or two-way design and eight RAM channels, with a maximum storage rate of 6,400 mt/s in ddr5. The company's capture server platform was primarily targeted at mainland China, and according to the 2024 report, a number of server manufacturers in the country have adopted the catch.
* Server platform-related products have developed a series of high-performance server models with unique safety features. 1.4. Cycle recovery + new product release boosted, interconnection chip revenues recovered for eight consecutive quarters, company memory interfaces and module support chip demand recovered, ddr5 downstream penetration increased and
Sub-products, ddr5, ddr4, second-generation chips, and i industry, tend to push three new high-performance chip products to scale. In 2024, the company achieved business income of $3.639 billion, and server platform product lines received about $280 million, an increase of 198.87 per cent.
The cruise scale application, mrcd/mdb chips and ckd chips began to be tested on the industry scale, with three high-performance chips combined selling about 422 million yuan, eight times more than in 23 years, becoming a new growth point for the company's performance. In 2024, the company achieved a net return to its parent.
The same-year rise of 135.14% and the inter-connected chip business of 1,139 million yuan, or 63.92%. The revenue from the harvest, the net return to the mother, and the revenue from the product’s single-quarter sales were historically high, and the income from the sale of the inter-connected chip and the net return to the mother grew eight consecutive times. The main reason for the company’s 25q1 high growth was three points:
1) The industrial demand of the i industry is strong, ddr5 penetration continues to rise, company ddr5 memory interfaces and module support cores have increased significantly, and the production of chips has increased by adding second and third generations of rcd chips, leading to a significant increase in corporate interconnection chip operations; 2) the company's three high performance chips continue to be released, amounting to $135 million in 25 years q1 battalion, which has increased by the same amount
155% long; 3) dddr5 memory interfaces and module packages have increased their share of chip sales, with 64.5% of interconnected chip line Māori, driving corporate gross profits to increase 73.66% year-on-year. In the case of ample hand orders, advances have increased, and the company’s second-quarter earnings have continued to grow at a higher rate than the ring-on-year.
The delivery of interconnection chips is $1.29 billion in hand orders, or $1,139 million in revenue from the sale of the 2025 q1 interconnection chip. The significant high growth in corporate advances in public design firms is the most important manifestation of the demand of companies downstream, and as products continue to be delivered, companies’ revenues in the second quarter are expected to maintain robust growth in the same ring.
In 2023, as the sale of high-moric ddr5 rows and high-performance chips increased, the overall Māori rate rose to 64.5 per cent, an increase of 3.57 pct, and 60.45 per cent.
The flat-level management, company management and sales costs are well regulated over the long term, and the 24-year margins of the rates have been declining. After 2022, with the effects of scale, the company sales rates have been below 4% and the total has remained within 100 million yuan. The company management rates present excellent operational management capabilities. According to the company's 25-year quarterly report, the company's three costs (sales costs, overheads, research) are three.
We believe that, as the ratio of high Maori production continues to increase, rates continue to decline steadily, and net corporate interest rates are expected to rise further. Companies attach great importance to R&D capacity, maintaining high levels of R&D investment. By 2024, the number of R&D personnel stood at 536.
Quarterly reports, adjusted by the size of corporate collections and corporate development strategies, have delayed the development of the arithmetic chip, and the rate of 25q1 R & D has been reduced to 12.52%. The company maintains high-intensity R & D and continues to invest in the development and upgrading of ddr5 memory interface chip technology. According to the company's 24-year report, the company invested cumulatively 960 million yuan in interconnection chip R & D projects in 23-24 years.
The project is expected to have a total investment of $1.8 billion. We believe that continued corporate breakthroughs and product rotations in core technology are expected to enhance the company’s core competitiveness and market penetration, and that the company’s performance is expected to grow robustly over the long term through the expansion of new products and the continuous rotation of older ones.
2. The fast growth of the server market, the expansion of the research and development driver category, strategy 2.1. The fast growth of the server market, the spread of demand for company-wide products, based on the rapid growth of global data aggregates and the trend towards cloud-side data migration, the continued construction of the one data centre, and the continued growth of the one data centre.
The digital economy of computing, artificial intelligence, etc., has continued to grow and the global server market has remained high. According to Trendforce, global server production in 2024 was about $306 billion, of which one server benefited from the increased demand of the server oem, csp client plus the growth dynamic, and the one server produced about $205 billion. The demand for the server is expected to continue to grow in 2025.
According to idc, China ' s accelerated server market reached $22.1 billion in 2024, an increase of 134 per cent over 2023. DeepSeek optimized arithmetical demand reduction and large model use thresholds by algorithms. Market opportunities are expected to increase significantly in the future, and China ' s accelerated server market is expected to break out by hundreds of millions of dollars by 2029.
As the ddr5 memory technology matures and commercializes, dddr5 is gradually replacing dddr4, and based on the release of information from jedec, the ddr5 memory interface chip has been planned for five sub-generations.
The memory interface has three major suppliers globally, namely, technology, Risa Electronics, and Rambus. The company, as one of the major global providers of full buffer/semi-buffer solutions from ddr2 to ddr5, maintains a leading position in the market. The corporate-invented ddr4 full buffer "1+9" architecture was adopted by Jedec and evolved into "1+10" in the ddr generation.
The company continues to be an international standard for lrdimm, with a second generation of mrcd/mdb chips launched in January 2025, leading techno-Water International. With the continuous increase in ddr5 penetration and the accelerated construction of the downstream ai server data centre, the company’s memory, the interface chip and the accompanying chip business revenue growth are more certain.
By the time the pcie chip grew, the pcie chip became the mainstream solution. The pcsie chip was used to connect high-speed, low-delayed equipment.
Key components, which can break through the host's limited pcie interface to achieve a higher-density pcie interconnection of more equipment. For example, a protocol with eight gpu mainstreamai servers usually requires eight to 16 pcierenemer chips, and more pcieswitch chips may be required if the system uses a more sophisticated pcideswitch structure.
In 2024, the number of global ai servers is projected to reach 1.67 million, and the size of the servers is expected to increase significantly to $3.382 billion in 2031, with cagr about 46.8 per cent as one of the world ' s leading pcie retimer chip suppliers, corporate product approval by a large number of customers, and a marked increase in the volume of goods delivered and in the city ' s share in 24 years.
According to global data, the global market for pcieswtich chips was $1.13 billion in 2024, and is expected to grow to $3.8 billion by 2033, with a composite annual growth rate of up to 12.5%.
The company has taken the lead in setting the cxlmxc chip, and the industry is making good progress. With rapid developments in areas such as artificial intelligence, high performance computing, cloud data, the typical application of cxl technologies such as memory expansion, memory poolization, etc. is gaining ground in a growing number of manufacturers.
Active deployment. The 2024 cxl technology-related ecological layout is constantly improving: two cpu (graniterapids and sierraforests) in Intel in support of the cxl2.0, and a fifth generation epyc processor in support of the cxl2.0; sk Hercules and Samsung electrons are actively developing and measuring cxl compatible memory modules; cxlswiitch is also open
According to Yole, the global market for cxl is expected to be $15.8 billion in 2028, and the Chinese market is expected to be 50%, at $8 billion. As the industry’s leading cxlxxc chip supplier, companies are expected to benefit from the development dividend of xcl technological change and market expansion in depth.
As a result of the rapid push of the ai application, the speed of connection in the service-related system is accelerating to pcie 5.0, thus driving the need for high-performance clock chips. A single server typically requires about 10 clock chips, with an average of about 4 clock chips per instrument instrument at the mid-end.
In 2024, a large capacity of pcie 5.0ssd was released by three-star electronics, beautiful light technology, sk Hercules, etc., and demand for high-performance clock chips has increased significantly. According to marketdataforecast, the market for global clock chips in 2022, totalling $2.03 billion, is expected to reach $3.02 billion by 2027, and the clock chip market is mature and is currently home-grown.
The company’s clock generator chip, according to its 24-year-old report, has been tested by a number of domestic and international manufacturers, and is expected to expand the company’s base plate in the future, refine the product matrix, and offer downstream customers a more integrated and fully interconnected solution.
2.2. Research and development to drive product diversity, meet customer-wide transport chip needs Deep-farming memory interface-related technologies, technological advances to lay the foundation for research and development. Through the accumulation of technology from the ddr series of products, companies have access to key design techniques for the ddr5 high-speed memory interface and continue to invest in memory interface chip technology development, technology research
The results were successfully applied to the fourth-generation rcd chip and the first-generation mrcd/mdb chip. The company addressed the signal integrity of the high-speed parallel bus in ddr5 by proposing a series of new circuits and algorithms.
Focus on serdes high-speed serial interface technology, research and development continues to break. The company has now successfully developed data at 32 gt/s and applied to pcie 5.0/cxl2.02 retimer, in addition to the company's continued pursuit of even more difficult 64gt/s techniques, successfully landing at pcie6.x/cxl3.xretimer, and the company's current promotion of pcie 7.0serdesip support rate
As high as 128gt/s, the technology process is deepening. 24 years of company pcie 5.0/cxl2.0 retimer has successfully been bought at the bottom of the house, and pcie 6.x/cxl3.xretimer will send a sample client in January of 25 years. The company will continue to focus on high-speed serial interface technology, insisting on a self-research of the mxc chip and the bottom of the pcieswitch chip.
According to the company’s 24-year report, the development of the ddr5 version of the fourth generation of the rcd chip was completed, and the development of the fifth generation chip prototype was completed. In terms of the high-performance and transportable chip, the second generation mrcd/mdb version of the chip was advanced, and the preparation of the ckd chip production was completed.
In addition, the company has successfully produced the first high-performance programmable clock generator chip, initiating the development of the clock buffer chip. The company has achieved a variety of product research and development breakthroughs in the interconnection chip product line, enriching its product matrix.
2.3. Short-term business plans strengthen corporate performance, long-term strategic objectives highlight corporate vision. Short-term business plans are well developed and the development process is clear.
With product performance and quality, it consolidates the company’s leading role in the memory interface chip industry. The company will also actively expand the high performance chip solution and the XB server platform, advance the second-generation mrcd/mdb chip volume development and the third-generation engineering development, carry out the pcie 7.0 retimer chip development and complete the cxl2.0mxc chip testing.
The company will focus on research and development innovation and will expand the next generation of ckd chip standard-setting and development of ckd, clock chips. The long-term strategic objectives are clear, and the company has a broad vision for development.
It is stated that the company will focus on the development of related products in the fields of cloud computing and artificial intelligence, based on the expansion of the demand for arithmetic power brought about by the rapid development of technology and applications in the future, and that the company will expand its business layout in the future or from the three dimensions of the built-in interconnections, the pcle/cxl interconnections, the Ethernets and the light interconnections, in order to achieve the long-term strategy of the fully interconnected chip design company, which has grown to be an international leader.
The company will either lead technological innovation in new products such as mrcd/mdb, ckd chips, actively promote product upgrading and market layout in the pcie/cxl interconnectivity area, and deepen strategic cooperation among relevant manufacturers. We see the growth of short-term corporate output and performance driven by a wave of industry in the one, and the new corporate strategy in the long-term perspective of interconnectivity, pcle/cxl,
The new product layout of the ethernet and light interconnection is expected to generate long-term positive and robust growth in corporate income and profits. 3. Profit forecasting and rating.
And high-performance chips are expected to continue to be released, and we assume that the revenues from interconnectivity chip operations increased from 2025 to 2027 on a year-to-year basis. Easy-to-innovation/Ricwig/LittleTech/StandardTechnology/Standard UnionTechnology are comparable companies, and given the technological excellence and high performance growth of corporate interconnectivity chips, they are covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
(b) The demand for new products is not expanding as expected: mrdim, ckd, cxl are new products, and downstream applications are new.
(b) Research and development of new products is less than expected: the technology content of the company's own products is high, the development of new products has a longer life cycle, the characteristics of high R & D inputs may affect the pre-eminence of the company's products if the development of new products is not proceeding as expected.
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.