The energy steel ratio has improved steadily, the profitability of the company has improved steadily, the energy steel ratio has increased and the seamless steel tubes have become more profitable in the first half of the year 2025.
98,226 tons/+3.2 per cent of sales, including 2.7 million tons of high-end products, sub-operations, special seamless steel tubes, Zhao Liang Bing, operating revenue of approximately 27.2 per cent/+2.6 pct, rising internal shares, carrying steel sales of 1,466,000 tons
/+13.2% of high-temperature corrosion alloys, high-power steel, special stainless steel products sold equal to 20%/+1 pct in the top three, and companies actively seized better demand opportunities in wind power, oil, hydrogen, pumping capacity, new energy vehicles, etc., adjusting product structures, oil in energy steel, petrochemicals in construction
The cost is stable at about 7% for the period when the total number of projects is rounded up, the coal industry is over 90%, cars are selling 2.85 million tons of steel wire, which is roughly the same as the average, wind circulation is 1.92 million tonnes/+2.6%, and special welding steel sales are controlled by the same amount.
-0.7%, -2.4%, while also initiating the construction of large-scale models of the super-styrene type, with autonomous deepseek access. Along the river's entire industrial chain, the company actively distributes the money to investors. The company forms five modern production bases, centred on single steel, big smelt steel, Qingjia steel, Tianjin steel tubes, Jingjiang steel, and bronze mounds.
A complete industrial chain system with 20 million tons of high-quality raw material supply bases in special and Yangzhou, with a relatively deep 300-percent steel production capacity, over 3,000 products, over 5,000 specifications, high-end bearing steel, etc.
Global market coverage for high-end automobiles, high-end energy steel, etc., as well as for engineering and mechanical steel, wind-electric steel, oceanic berthing steel, mineral-chain steel, chain-drying large circle-shares, etc., is rising, with a large number of high-end customers certified with the Kyushu class through Mercedes, BMW, General, skf, fag, Chinese Space Science and Technology, etc.
Third-party certification. In the first half of 2025, the company is to find a gold dividend of $2 (including taxes) per 10 shares, and it is expected that the investment proposal: with the rehabilitation of the industrial upgrading needs of the in-house, the company, as the conglomerates, will have 1.[Galactic Steel] company review _ the medium-secret steel sector _ the city’s share.
In the lead, the medium- and long-term need for the special steel is good, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.