{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002352} Transport and transport, private couriers, large-scale rises and sails, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
• Recommended logic: 1) Private couriers, direct mode and air transport are the main features, focusing on commercial and high-end electrical items, with strong branding effects and customer stickyness. 2) New operations are expected to be released quickly: heavy, cold, international and co-city operations are expected to be released faster, with growth in corporate business size and performance
The development of new business will further open up the growth space of companies by extending the company's industrial chain through the development of the company's Skynet, Earthnet, and Information Networks. The straight-line model + high-end positioning.
The direct-branch model guarantees the standardization and uniform management of companies, and high-end positioning guarantees the profitability and competitiveness of companies. By relying on the direct-account model and high-end positioning, companies obtain an overall vote that is better than that of their competitors.
Air cargo + self-built airports. Air cargo makes it possible for companies to position themselves high-end - dedicated to the commercial market for services and the market for high-end electrical goods, while paving the way for the development of new operations (heavy cargo, international items). When the airport is completed in Ozhou in 2020, the company will be the first to own its own airport, and it is expected to be public.
The Department and the Australasia Airport will undergo three stages of cultivation, mutual feeding, and anti-feeding. The Australasia Airport is a highly developed “three-net” system, which plays a major role, and the efficiency of the company's original operations and the pace of expansion of its new operations will take a new step.
• New business comes into the spring. The company’s traditional time frame and economic product share is 87.7%, and these four new businesses now account for less than 12% of the company’s main business, and the key and golden period of new business development in 2018 is that the new business will become an important growth point in corporate profits after a balance of gains and losses is achieved.
The company’s revenue is expected to grow at a compound rate of 25.5% over the next three years.
With the successful introduction of the Equity Incentive Scheme (2017-10-28), the net profit of the mother will remain at a rate of 17.2 per cent, with direct company operations, high-end positioning, air transport thirties 2.
The rapid expansion of the car with the new business has created a wide moat between the company and other competitors, and the future of the new business is a powerful extension of the company's industry, with a more robust and robust form of endogenous growth than competitors, and it is expected that the new business will be able to develop as much as possible.
Corporate profile: The leading national courier logistics integrated service provider. Co-optimal holdings are the leading domestic courier logistics integrated service provider, smart logistics operator. Companies use their network system, which brings together Skynet+Landnet+Info, to provide a full range of logistics services to clients, including warehousing services and letters.
Integrated supply chain solutions, including interest-bearing services. Companies’ logistics products include, inter alia, commercial couriers, electric couriers, warehousing and distribution, a variety of courier services, such as international couriers, logistics-complimentation, heavy cargo-carrying services, and cold-chain transport services, where food and medicine are the main objects of transport. In addition, companies provide value-added services such as price premiums, receipts, etc.
1.1 The private express loan giant landed on a stock market, starting with the bead triangle, and developed into a business giant, “Sufficient” in Guangdong-Shunde since 1993, with an initial, interport delivery operation based on a coalition model.
In 2000, companies moved away from alliances and introduced a straight-up model to address the confusion in the management of their allies and to improve the quality of services. By 2002, “Shun Fung” had basically achieved a full-scale straight-up model, business management had improved and operations had grown exponentially.
With limited holdings, the consolidation of “suffiency” courier assets was completed, “suffiency” courier operations were incorporated into the smooth stock masters, with a smooth landing on the stock market. The company's shell lending programme and the accompanying financing proceeded in three main steps: 1) significant asset replacement: May 2016, Dinghai Quantsu
A major asset replacement preposition is proposed for all assets and liabilities of the former listed companies (at a price of $796 million), for 100 per cent of the shares issued with the Consistency Holdings, for $3.95 billion of the shares to be placed in the assets and for the purchase of the assets to be placed with the seven trading parties, such as the Mind Holdings, for the construction of the fund-raising projects.
In January 2017, new and additional shares were placed on the market, and in February, the company was officially renamed “Shunfong Holdings” and the listing process was completed. In August 2017, eight matching funds were finalized, issued at a price of $35.19 per share and raised no more than $8 billion.
This year, the company issued an announcement to adjust some of its fund-raising activities and to increase the number of aircraft purchases, modifications and information-building activities.
The amount invested in the project, the Smart Sorting Base project (with appropriate reduction in the amount invested in other projects, with no change in the total amount of investment) is intended to further improve the efficiency of the company ' s air transport, enhance the power of the main line of transport and enhance its intelligent sorting capacity.
When the company completes its listing and supporting financing, the equity structure is as follows: Figure 4: A map of the stock holding structure (when the fixed increase was completed on 23 August 2017) Mr. Wang Wei is the actual controlling person of the company and holds 61.25 per cent of the company ' s shares through the controlling shareholder Shenzhen Myung De.
The high concentration of holdings on the floor is highly consistent with the interests of the company, and there is a strong incentive to be strong.
Until 2015, the company’s main operations included the fast-moving logistics business, the sale of commodities, and the brokering and other operations, and in September 2015, the company’s main operations changed from fast-moving operations to fast-moving operations and other operations.
These include the seven main types of fast-flictions (with a smooth day and a smooth morning), smooth-font benefits, electronicware operations, fresh-breathing, big-lock crabs, logistics-complimentation, and other fast-moving operations. In 2016, smooth new operations began, and companies re-established product categories in the context of their own business development.
The classification of the seven major business types under the previous fast-moving operations was reclassified as domestic armistice products, international couriers, warehousing and distribution, cold transport, heavy cargo, and value-added services. Domestic armistice products accounted for up to 80 per cent of the business, warehousing, heavy cargo, cooling and international courier operations, although the four operations accounted for the company ' s share of revenue in 2016 at eight points.
Figure 5: Subsistence holdings for 2013 - 2015 as compared to the classification of corporate operations disclosed in the semi-annual 2017 report, which was further adjusted in 2016, with the smooth flow of benefits (known as “spirit days” prior to 1 August of this year) being separated from time-limited products and classified into economic products.
Products are divided into these categories: 1) Time-limited products (including the day-to-day, the morning-to-day and the day-to-day-to-day) 2), 2) economic products: (the day-to-day, the day-to-day day-to-day, the day-to-day day-to-day-to-the-day-to-day, the day-to-day day-to-day day-to-the-day, the day-to-day day-to-day day-to-day period) and (the day-to-day economic products (the day-to-day period) (the day-to-day period-to-day, the day-to-day period-to-day period-to-the-day period-to-day, the day-day day-to-day period-to-day period) and (the day-day period-to-day period-to-day period of time-to-day, the day-to-day period-day period-to-the-day period-to-day period-day, the day-day period-to-to-day period of time-to-day period of time-to-to-to-to-the-day, the day-day period-to-to-day period-to-to-day period-day period-date, the day-to-to-to-to-to-date, the day-date, the day-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-date period-day period-to-to-day period-date period-to-to-to-date, the day-date period-to-date period-to-to-date, the period-to-the-date period-date period-date, the period-date, the period-to-date period-to-to-the-to-to-the-the-date (the-the-the-date, the day-the-the-the-date, the day-date period of-date period of-the-date, the period of-the-the-date period of-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-date, the period of-the-date, the period of-date,
Figure 9: Māori ratio of HFA 2013-2017q3 products 2 straight-line model and medium- and high-end positioning lead-off 2.1 direct-camp model in global control
Fast and Chinese postal couriers are currently representative of the direct camp model in the domestic market, while companies such as the One-to-One Four (F4C) are mainly unionized, with none of the 500-strong United States postal, German postal, fedex, ups and French postal administrations using the franchise model. In the direct camp model, companies control all delivery networks and processes, and can do so.
Harmonization of management and quality of services. The overall income will be larger, but at the same time the costs will be higher because of the full process involved, and new logistics networks will be expanded with larger and more capital spending and fixed costs.
The current average coverage of smooth and “triple-by-one” municipalities has reached 94%, indicating that the distribution of the national express delivery network by major courier companies is close to saturation. At this stage, we believe that the speed and marginal advantage of the association model in terms of expansion and cost will gradually decline, and that the marginal costs of management will increase significantly.
2.2 There is scope for expanding consumption gains from high- and medium-end speed transport operations. Fast couriers have been positioned in medium- and high-end markets in the industry, different in mode and approach from the low-price guarantee of "three-to-one". The smooth average fare is higher, with average single fares in 2014-2017-h1 at $23.61, $23.83,
For the same period, the average unit price for trade tickets was $14.65, $13.40, $12.71 and $12.59.The average unit price for smooth couriers is well above the industry as a whole, with high unit prices derived from high-end market positioning and high-quality service quality for clients, while at the same time generating higher corporate incomes and single Maori.
To benefit from high-end positioning and service quality, the single Māori level of the FDR is higher than that of competing competitors. In 2016, the average single Māori for four companies, such as “3 by 1” was $ 0.63 and the single Māori for the circular, medium, , , 1 and 0.71, respectively, was $0.01 and Māori for the FDR.
In view of the limited Maori space available to couriers such as the Express system itself, the cost of falling prices and rising service delivery will further consume the profits. At the same time, it is clearly ahead of the curve, owing to the integrated management and operational controls of smooth business.
The level of service and the efficiency of management will give the company an absolute advantage in the competition for the quality of service. In terms of complaints rate, the average rate for July-September 2017 was 1.15, compared with 2.96 per cent for the same period, 1.28 per cent for the median, 9.10 per cent for the application rate and 1.11 per cent for the call rate.
General and hymn are at a similar level, better than round, and far better than offer. Considering the timeliness of product services and the operational loops for smooth express delivery, the Section is more demanding for quality, i.e., clients expect better for smooth couriers per se, while smooth couriers maintain a near-lowest recourse rate for high-quality services in the industry, which is why we believe that the actual level of service and control of smooth couriers is superior to that of peers.
In conclusion, we conclude that the advantage of a straight-up model and high-end positioning by the HSC is essentially the following: 1) The straight-up model improves the company’s operational control and quality of services. In the current state of the industry, which is close to saturated, the alliance model is reduced in terms of business expansion, while the disadvantage of service regulation is magnified.
The company’s overall average billing and single Maori is higher than its rivals, while the quality of service is far ahead of the industry. The future is better in terms of profit space and market competition.
Three days of network recovery, with 3.1 air carriers highlighting the advantages, and in 2003, when SARS broke out, the Guangdong region became the most affected region, the company came to history.
The best opportunity for development is due to two main reasons: 1) During the SARS period, more customers settled in the house, selected courier companies to help deliver the goods, and companies turned back on their business based on industry attributes and good slogans. 2) The company started to develop air transport. In 2003, the company signed a contract with Yangzi River Express to become the first domestic airline.
In 2009, the company set up Shun Fong Air as the country ' s first private cargo carrier, and, as of November 2017, Shun Feng Air had 40 full cargo aircraft (b767:5, b 757:18, b 737:17) and 16 chartered full cargo aircraft.
In January 2016, the company began to introduce the B767 wide cargo aircraft, which is more air-borne, more fuel-efficient and more superior in terms of capacity and capacity. In addition to supplementing the existing fleet, it is important to have a reasonable allocation of regional transport resources with sufficient cargo volumes and an increase in the utilization of key routes.
Five B767 wide cargo aircraft have been introduced so far, not excluding plans for their continued introduction over the next three years. In August 2017, the company introduced the country’s first B757 cargo aircraft with wings, and the new B757 with wings with wings with wings from the organic unit was better able to take off than the previous B757, and the quality of flight operations was improved accordingly.
Over the next three years, the company is expected to reach 55 units from the size of the organic fleet, and from the introduction of the fleet over the last two years, we have judged that the company will focus more on the carrying capacity and fuel efficiency of the cargo aircraft in connection with the new introduction of its own cargo aircraft, which corresponds to the company's growing volume of business, but also to the fact that the size of the company's fleet does not follow a crude linear growth pattern, and the company's long-term configuration of its operations
At present, the company is ahead of the total number of free-to-trade aircraft and the China Post Airlines, and has an advantage in total capacity. By 30 June 2017, the company opened 52 routes, with more than 100 pairs of time covered.
Thirty-seven major cities in mainland China, as well as Hong Kong and Taipei, have built two hubs, Shenzhen and Hangzhou, which have irradiated the country’s network of shipping lines, creating a strong capacity for fast-ware dispersal and operation. The advantage of smooth delivery is not always clear compared to other courier companies in the country, and is now close to the size of the Dutch Express tnt fleet (tnt: 56), but compared to ups (649):
There is a significant gap in the size of the fleet of 237 aircraft, 412 leased, Fedex (657) and dhl (420). Dispersal resources: the company obtains stability from more than 90 airlines, both domestic and foreign, through cooperation modalities such as self-employment (direct cooperation with airlines), agency (cargo single interest) or third-party cooperation (Shun Fong, airline, agent)
In the first half of 2017, the company ' s own cargo aircraft + bulked shipments totalled 514,000 tons, accounting for more than 20 per cent of the country ' s total air cargo.
3.2 Airlines have been set up in 2009 to build their own airports, and now have a fleet of 56 aircraft. In just a few years, the company not only made a breakthrough in the number of cargo planes from 0 to 1 to 56, but will soon build its own aircraft.
Between 2014 and 2015, the news of the construction of the airport in Shun Fong became widely available, until April 2016, when the Civil Aviation Authority issued a report on the location of the civil airport in O County, agreeing to the recommended location for Yin Yu. In May 2017, the Ozhou City Planning Bureau published the Master Plan for Aviation Capital City in Ozhou City, and in October, the assessment of the new Ozhou Airport was pre-researchable (lined) by the parties.
The expert representatives supported the construction, which was later expected to commence by the end of 2017, after joint approval by the State Council and the Central Military Commission, and revealed by the Civil Aviation Resources Network that the Ozhou Airport project, which is a Chinese cargo portal hub airport, consists of cargo hubs, passenger feeder lines, public platforms and a Songfong base and consists of Hukubei Province, the city of Aozhou, and Hon Fung Holdings.
With the joint construction of the airport, two 3600 m4e runways will be built in the first phase, with a planned cargo load of 5 million tonnes per year. It is expected that, with the project being completed in 2020, the Okyu airport will become the first and fourth air cargo logistics hub in Asia, and the Shun Fong will be the first and only courier company in the country to own its own airport.
Like the United States of America, Fedex and Memphis, the States of Shunfeng and Au will also undergo a long pre-construction and nurturing period, after which they will be able to interact with several regional hubs through core hub facilities, irradiate national and even international stations, form a stable air network, and raise the level of capital investment by centralizing the processing of goods, effectively reducing individual transport costs through machine-type conversions, and by
By the end of the day, the international airport logistics base, the avionics, the Yanjong and the Tingzu Avionics are being built and built. The perfect accompaniment will lead to significant new operations and will further consolidate the location of the private couriers and even locate them.
Staying in a courier company will grow into a large multi-industry group, and as a result, the company and the Australasia Airport have entered the anti-breeding 4 new business into a future performance growth point.
In the past few years, companies have begun to rely on existing operations and resources for new operations, such as heavy cargo, cold transport, international operations, and matchmaking. The new business is currently in the incubator phase, accounting for a small share of income, but growing faster. As the business network grows better and the volume of business expands, the new business will first achieve a balance of gains and losses.
Balance, and the synergy of post-scale economies and network effects will result in a rapid increase in the profitability of the new business, as reflected in the statements, mainly in new business income, a rapid increase in the share of profits, and an increase in the overall income and profits of the company.
The company officially launched heavy cargo transport operations in 2013. The company’s heavy cargo transport products consist mainly of three main categories: heavy cargo fast and logistics-complimentation and heavy cargo. Heavy cargo operations are mainly for manufacturers of products and brand distributors in light industries such as clothing, electronics, hardware, instrumentation, steaming, furniture, etc. The major partners are currently Daimler (car), Neo,
By the first half of 2017, the company had 478 specialized heavy cargo points, 8 heavy cargo depots with a total area of more than 180,000 square metres, covering 236 major cities and areas in 31 provinces of the country, with more than 3,000 specialized vehicles and specialized units.
Heavy cargo by air - fast cargo: mainly for medium- and high-end heavy cargo markets with high timeliness and security requirements, goods of this nature are transported mainly by air cargo aircraft, direct delivery of goods to customers via direct dispatch airports and airports to ensure delivery of goods to destination within 12-24 hours, are non-target operations requiring companies to plan for the best route in a timely manner after the conclusion of orders and to be able to do so
Normally, the goods are of relatively high value using the heavy load, and for perishable items, companies are required to combine a consummate packaging laboratory and customize individual packaging materials for large customers in order to reduce damage to the goods, as well as to carry a number of value-added services, such as emergency services, insurance premiums, receipt payments, and return of invoices.
Resources to ensure timely delivery are high for couriers. In terms of timeliness and quality, companies have a 90-95-per-cent time frame for delivery of heavy goods in the first half of 2017, well above the industry average.
The roll-out of freight-carrying products ensures a stable time frame through a time-bound pattern of transit, while providing a number of value-added services to customers, such as upstairs delivery, cargo custody, receipt payments, price guarantees, etc. Heavy cargo operations are now contributing more to the company’s four new operations, in which the fast shipment of heavy cargo is higher than the shipment of heavy cargo.
Because of the high scarcity of aviation resources, the company benefits from the high threshold. The company’s heavy cargo business is now close to a profit balance, and we expect that revenue from heavy cargo operations will continue to grow at a high rate over the next three years, with a more visible profit contribution from heavy cargo operations starting at the end of 2018.
Inputs, taking into account that the advantage of the company's heavy cargo business development is that it can take full advantage of the company's existing “three-line” mature system, 4.2 cold transport operations: the primary fresh and pharmaceutical markets. In November 2014, the company launched a smooth and cold transport operation, relying on a strong air and ground transport network and a cold chain warehouse.
Storage capacity, professional temperate technology, and advanced systems management capacity, mainly for fresh foods, pharmaceutical clients, for specialized, customized and efficient integrated supply chain solutions. Cold logistics systems are much more demanding than warm logistics systems, generally supported by more specialized equipment, information systems, and more financial inputs, and are among the best in the logistics industry.
Industry and industry thresholds are also high. The company’s cold-lifting operations, while new compared to traditional speed-carrying operations, are more mature in this segment, with heavy asset operations compared to other new operations (almost $720 million in matching funds to be used for cold-carrying vehicles and cold-control equipment procurement projects), creating higher entry thresholds invisiblely, while the cold-carrying operations have since been pushed forward.
Since then, it has been an open system, with clients such as food companies, raw-food markets, catering businesses, raw-food suppliers, etc., and an open ecology that has helped industry leaders to move up and break up in a short period of time in terms of the scale and quality of their operations. Among China’s 2016 Cold Chain Logistics Enterprise, the China Cold Chain Commission has been ranked third.
Cold transport is at a critical juncture in the entire chain of operations for cold chain logistics, including, inter alia, cold chain transport, distribution operations and cold storage operations. The cold chain is divided into three types of enterprises, according to the criteria of the Central China Consolidated Cold Chain Commission: cold chain transporters, cold-store operators, cold-chain transporters, who mainly use self-employed or outsourced cold-chain vehicles for primary agricultural products, processed food, and stored with low temperatures.
Transport operations for industrial goods, which are charged primarily for freight at the distance from which they are shipped, account for 40% of the value chain of the cold-chain logistics industry, with a combined Māori ratio of about 25% of the theoretical value of water. Refrigerator operators invest in the construction and operation of cold-storage facilities, charging rents and handling costs according to the nature of the goods stored, time, swing cycle, etc. Value-added services such as packaging and processing are also provided.
The storage chain accounts for about 30% of the value chain of the entire cold-chain logistics industry, with a combined profit margin of 50% or more. Integrated cold-chain logistics firms can provide both or even more of these types of operations, accounting for about 30% of the value of the entire cold-chain industry, and can reasonably arrange for advanced transport equipment to meet customers’ prescription requirements.
During the first half of the year, the company ' s cold transport operations covered 180 cities and surrounding regions, covering a wide range of areas such as food, pharmaceutical production, electricity, distribution, retail, etc. 61 food banks, 174 food transport main lines and 2 medicines.
The company currently has 887 refrigerated vehicles, of which 238 are certified by gsp. In the first half of 2017, the company earned 1,034 million, or 3.2 per cent, of its operating income.
Disaggregated industrial policies, client groups and competitive environments, we estimate that they now account for 80% and 20% of the revenue from the company's chilled operations. Food service products — the company's cold food products include seven main categories of products: large gate crabs, raw-scaling, cold
The company’s cold-food products are more attractive to food producers and raw power suppliers, especially those that lack the funds to build their own cold-chain logistics systems and rely heavily on third-party cold-chain logistics.
Medical service products - The company's introduction of pharmaceutical cold-moving products includes six major categories: medical temperatures, pharmaceutical specializations, pharmaceutical trades, free-loading of medicines, pharmaceutical cars, pharmaceutical storage, taking into account the company's revenue and proposed investment in the 2013-2017 cold-transport operation, taking into account the company's passing through
Investing in site planning and automation equipment to continuously improve the efficiency of chiller operations and to promote external resource cooperation and chain-point optimization, increase the loading rate of the cold-chain main feeder, thereby increasing the utilization of available cold-ship resources and reducing the average ticket cost of cold-ship products, 4.3 international operations: strong alliances, global layout
In 1985, the Chinese postal service established the national postal service ' s ems (postmail couriers), which operated domestically and internationally at the same time when it was established, and which occupied an important position in both markets, maintaining a 50% or more share of China ' s international markets in addition to leading the domestic courier market. The latter Fedex (United States Federal Express), ups (United States Federation).
Compatible couriers), dhl (German Express) and tnt (Netherlands Express) are gradually entering the Chinese market to establish a service network in China’s second-line cities by forming joint ventures or establishing agency relationships with Chinese-owned enterprises, thereby making it possible to quickly open up a 50% share of the electronic information system with strong financial resources for a considerable period of time in the 1990’s.
In 2016, the market share of State-owned, foreign-owned, private-sector goods was 9.1 per cent, 0.6 per cent and 90.3 per cent. The market share of business income was 10 per cent, 6.2 per cent and 83.8 per cent.
By 2013, Fedex, ups, dhl, and tnt had monopolized more than 70% of international courier operations, together four accounted for 75% of our international courier market in 2014, and by May 2016, Fedex acquired the Netherlands tnt with Euro4.4 billion, and Fedex, ups, and thl became three.
By 2017, about 80% of our share of international couriers is in the order of the average number of valid claims (number of valid complaints/millions of express shipments) for the three monthly couriers, where we simply handle them, representing the quality of the services provided by the couriers using the rate of effective complaints: (2) self-built delivery systems for the power suppliers, based on the effectiveness of the three.
The complaint rate is arranged in such a way that it is not compared with the situation in (1); (3) the two major players in the domestic business are listed in terms of the effective filing rate and are not compared with the indicator in (1) (2); and (4) it is also arranged in terms of the effective filing rate and is not compared with the indicator in (1) (2) (3).
Since 2011, Shun Fong has launched international operations, mainly aimed at providing international courier and logistics solutions for domestic and foreign manufacturing enterprises, trading enterprises, cross-border power suppliers and individual customers. The main products are international fast-marked, international preferential, international small packages, bonded warehouses, overseas warehouses, trans-shipments, etc., and can customize integrated import and export solutions according to demand.
Six months ago, the company's international courier service had covered 53 major countries, including more than 90% of the South Asian regional network, and 225 international and regional areas worldwide. The company's development in cross-border one-stop solutions was particularly visible — the company built warehouses overseas, provided a first-way logistics service to Chinese businesses abroad, and consolidated overseas resources and resources.
Domestic resources for high-quality cold transport services provide customers with cross-border supply chains, etc. The roll-out of these operations has led to some important cross-border trading clients. In 2017, the company ' s international business income reached $860 million. This represents an increase of 39.5 per cent. The share of inter-country operations in revenue collection has risen from 2.4 per cent in the same period the previous year to 2.7 per cent now, compared to traditional courier operations.
There is also a very large scope for upgrading. Figure 26: Affordable major international business product. In the international business model, companies currently operate on both an autonomous and a light asset basis.
The model refers mainly to the establishment of local self-employment sites and the deployment of receiving staff to provide direct services abroad, and is now being used by companies in priority cities in Japan, Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, and the United States. The model of light assets is mainly based on co-opting with local courier logistics service operators, who are responsible for smoothing up the region’s harvest, delivery, transit, dispatch, etc.
The company will not operate autonomously for the time being, but will only have a small team of business supervisors to manage some of its operations. Currently, the international business of the company is being promoted in the light asset model, which has the advantage of operating light assets, and the company has quickly established a global express service network, with international courier services reaching over 200 countries and territories, including Mongolia, Russia, etc.
Rates vary depending on the business model. Generally, in China-populated countries and regions like South-East Asia, Māori rates are higher, while in other countries, such as the United States, Māori rates are slightly lower.
The tendency to adopt an asset-based model like that of an international courier, where the asset-based model requires greater capital investment and slower development, and the fact that companies now operate in a joint venture and cooperative manner, we judge that the adoption of light asset-based operations in front of key resources and technologies is the preferred model for the development of international business by companies.
In May of this year, the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Shun Fong Holdings Ltd., announced the establishment of a joint venture in Hong Kong, financed in monetary terms by both parties, with a 50 per cent shareholding, which focuses on the promotion and development of the joint brand ' s international courier products, helping to provide a more competitive international trade logistics product, with a focus on the cross-border of b2b and b2c clients.
On September 28, both sides of the deal were completed under the terms of full delivery. At present, the ups network of Chinese officials has shown a whole new product: sf+ups +, which will take the lead in China.
The new product will be launched in the south of the country and will cover the entire country within the year. The new product will first be introduced to China’s shipping route to the United States. The trans-shipment time frame is seven working days. The joint brand product brings together the two companies’ most advantageous resources, which will be picked up from the easy side, and will be based on the strong aviation network of the Trusts to ensure that the warehouse is adequate and in a timely manner.
In the first few months since the completion of the delivery, and the launch of the joint product, strong alliances have taken the first step, and it is expected that the joint venture will follow up with more international products, drawing on the comparative resources of both sides, to help China’s enterprises to go to the sea. In keeping with the boom in cross-border power supplier logistics, the company’s international operations are expected to be achieved through domestic and foreign traders and consumers.
The scale of cross-border electricity traders has remained at 30-40% since 2010, and by the end of 2016, the scale of cross-border electricity traders in China had reached 6.3 trillion, and in recent years, despite a slight slowdown due to the high base, higher absolute numbers of cross-border electricity suppliers have greatly contributed to the development of international operations and have also contributed.
Domestic couriers speed up international operations. B2c, b2b, a cross-border electrician: In 2014, the company worked with international logistics companies such as Potnl, postnord, australiapost, dpd, and members of the Postal Union to conduct cross-border b2c operations, with Hsoon in charge of receiving and managing the goods.
On the one hand, by offering diversified export logistics solutions to Chinese enterprises and suppliers of cross-border electricity, companies can help their customers with high-quality logistics experience and competitive prices.
Gear, sunny operations, visualization, and ways to serve global consumers. On the other hand, companies provide diversified import logistics solutions to expand China’s market to cross-border trading enterprises and to China’s seafood consumer groups, thereby making overseas branded goods safe and fast to Chinese consumers.
Taking into account the revenue situation of the company ' s international operations for 2013-2017 and the proposed investment in that business, taking into account the company 's profile in terms of "three networks one" and, in particular, the improved planning of the Skynet, as well as the fact that the company has actually advanced its international operations, establishing joint ventures with the international giants and developing corresponding products to broaden the market, we believe that the international operations will be in the future.
4.4 The company began to form a professional distribution team in May 2016 to introduce the first product with the city, the “immediate delivery” service, which has now grown to 4,000 people.
The delivery service is “timely, high-frequency, small” and is now available to companies with high-quality services.
With market recognition, partnerships have been established with clients such as Kentucky, McDonald, Burger King, Pedu, Tianyung, and Hua Yunwan. During the first half of 2017, the company achieved 130 million yuan in its portfolio with the city, which has grown 181 times over the year because of its low base.
The concept of “instant logistics” was proposed by the founder in 2009 and means that goods, services are delivered immediately and on time, directly from the door to the door. The same city borrows the requirements of immediate logistics for the timeliness of the distribution of goods and services, and sets out the range of distributions here. Local life o2o emphasizes two points, one local, and the same scope as the “same city” category.
Like, two, on-line to-line. The local concept of local living in O2o is borrowed from the same city, and it is increasingly being implemented through online interactions. With the development of super-houseing, take-out, door-to-door services, the local life service o2o goes to the store and home.
The scene has evolved and, according to an easy-to-see think tank, the place where goods are provided is roughly divided into shop-o2o and home-o2o. Home-to-house o2o refers mainly to users trading bills through platforms, but the consumer or service experience needs to be done online, and shop-to-door delivery of goods or services, where users cannot afford the consumption experience they can enjoy.
As far as we can see, the size of O2o is much larger than the size of home O2o, which reached $96.2 billion in the first half of 2017, with a 21.8 per cent share of the total local life service O2o operations, with a larger scope for upgrading consumption and the development of the lazy economy, as well as a gradual increase in the quality of distribution services, the size of home O2O operations will also be the same.
Millions of yuan. Trading in the local O2o market is 26%, and trading in the home o2o market is 85%. For example, Hing has revealed only a number of partners in the matchmaking business, such as Kentucky, McDonald's, etc., without disclosing details of the collaboration, and 100 degrees of take-out, but not at all.
The overall market trade will be more than 100 billion, and the penetration rate in the catering and catering sector is currently only 8% (the penetration rate is the proportion of users covered by this area that are active online), and there is a huge development space, regardless of the market space that can be contributed by other sub-areas, such as business excellence, cakes, flowers, etiquettes, etc., where there is a natural advantage in the layout of the business with the same city.
This includes existing network resources, personnel collection resources, community cooperation resources, client reputations, etc., all other competitors. Data on local life service 020 to the shop component, including platform-to-shop, slogans, films, parent-child services; and home-to-home, community services, commercial overhouses, laundry, beauty, domestic work, maintenance and others (flowers, medicine, etc.).
Assumption 1: The Māori rate of a company's fast-moving logistics business remains at around 20 per cent; Express delivery is a secondary sub-sector of the transport industry in the Schenwan Industry Classification - the logistics industry, which currently includes not only couriers, but also warehousing, shelves, supply chain management companies, given the large differences in the main business.
The company's valuation level is very different and not entirely comparable, and we've selected a number of domestic and foreign listed couriers for valuation.
For 24.55. The company is the only direct courier in the country, positioning high-end markets and obtaining higher brand premiums. The direct, high-end and air carriers have built a non-broad escort river between Shun Fong and other couriers, so that most individual consumers and business customers in the country see only two “other” couriers, which are now operating.
As the share of new business in the company's main business grows, the new business will become a powerful driver of corporate performance growth, and we believe that its valuation level in 2018 should be higher than the industry average, and that it should maintain an “upscaling” fast-moving industry growth or deceleration: express delivery industry business volume and business income experienced a compound increase in 2010-2016.
The \triangleright competitor has been transformed or exceeded expectations: the “access line” has been placed on the market, access to finance has been broadened, brand influence has been expanded and transformation is expected to accelerate.
New business expansion or expectations: The new business is in the incubator phase, and no other \triangleright will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views in the present report, except for the loss of the pure temperature control component of the cold transport operation.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.