Precision (002475.ch): Consumer electronic business expands without fear of falling demand for mobile phones, long-term incremental market for automobile electronic support, 29.8%, and reiterates the “buy-in” rating.
A sophisticated long-term and short-term business expansion strategy is clear and in place; the electronics industry has limited space to expect and value down, reiterating the “buy-in” rating.
We believe that the market's expectations for this year's smartphones are at a lower water level, and the underlying expectations are that there will be less risk of further downswing. We maintain the same number of mobile phones this year in the 2022 science outlook.
As the apple supply chain leader, it is not easy to expect a 25-30% increase in net profits in the same quarter. But in the short and medium term, there is a steady expansion of manufacturing platforms such as the apple supply chain, non-phones, etc.
Chang, or the long-term layout of car electronics, auto odm, etc., has contributed to the incremental growth of communications performance (reference companies cover for the first time). We reiterate the “buy-in” rating that companies are expected to benefit from both fundamental improvements and valuation improvements as of the second quarter.
The median net profit forecast of 1q22 is slightly lower than the market-consistent forecast by 28% on a year-on-year basis. We believe that the fall in profits in 2021 was due to a drop in the volume of airpods and the consolidation of high inputs in the course of business.
The ability to generate profit growth in a difficult external environment, such as weak mobile phone demand, recurrent outbreaks, supply chain shortages, etc. So, while we have long-term business expansion and cost rates, there is a steady advance in: 1) a joint venture between the company and the new energy source in Chirí, hopefully.
Building new energy vehicles for car brands using auto-manufacturing surrogate models and moving towards a top-level supplier. 2) It is proposed to raise up to RMB 13.5 billion for the expansion of smart wearables, smart terminal parts, new energy vehicle high-pressure connections, semiconductors.
Advanced encapsulation, smart mobile terminal display modules, and smart car connections. We believe that the communication is clear about strategic planning over the next five years, that management has a high level of enforcement and that it is more certain that it will drive company growth over the long term.
Investment risk: Demand recovery in the smartphone sector is less than expected. Geo-risk exacerbates the supply chain’s “deficit core.” Industry competition leads to a decline in the Māori rate. High-speed expansion affects cost rates and cash flow performance.
Pil-Silver International Research Pil-Silver International Business Renewal and Outlook: Consumer Electronics is still dynamic, Auto-Electrified.
In February of this year, an elaborate announcement was issued, through the signing of a framework agreement for strategic cooperation, the organization of automobile operations.
In the announcement, the well-informed shareholders are limited to 10,544 million people, the majority of which buy 19.88% of Chirre, the share of 7.87% of Chir, and the share of 6.24% of Chirry's new energy. At the same time, the elite and the new energy source in Chir are to charge 500 million people, respectively.
In our view, this strategic collaboration is a win-win strategy for Quick and Chirre. First, well-informed shareholders provide information to Chirre by swapping part of the State’s funds.
Business dynamism. And Chiré’s state capital background also provides a strong source of finance and technology for the joint venture, and secondly, a sophisticated joint venture with Chiré’s new energy source to open up the head of the auto odm (i.e., a first-tier supplier).
• Chiré's advantage lies in the depth of understanding of car standards, car manufacturing capabilities, and distribution channels. The advantage is that car electronics have powerful parts and components that can be applied to the whole structure, intelligence, etc. of new-energy cars.
In our view, this is a joint venture with Chir, not limited to Chir's own brand, but rather to helping other car brands, including Chir's, build new energy.
Moreover, the joint venture, as an odm, is expected to provide products and services to traditional overseas car factories through the development of more sophisticated smart electric cars in China. In last year’s report on smartphones versus new energy cars, we said that smartphones are right.
High performance, low productivity, and the high demand for miniaturization of electronic components will provide a powerful boost to new energy car intelligence. And, smartphone supply chains and sizes, and faster response speeds, will complement and drive the old car supply chain.
In 2021, China contributed 53% of the world’s new sources of automobile sales. We predict that in 2022 and 2023, China’s new sources of energy will be sold.
In addition, there should be a better basis in China for the model of auto-manufacturing surrogates (odm model).
The auto-odm model, which is represented by Vira and Jianghua, has been more successful. Not only has the power of automobile manufacturing been used to produce fast cars, but the Māori rate for automobile sales has reached a high of 18.0 per cent in 3q21.
So, in the long run, joint ventures help open up the larger odm market in the industry, laying a solid foundation for the next five years. In the next two years, sophisticated automobile-related business is still growing at a relatively high rate. We expect the automobile-related business to open this year.
The revenue is expected to reach RMB 4-5 billion.
On February 11, an elaborate announcement was issued to raise no more than $13.5 billion in non-public distribution to promote six specific business projects: smart wearables, smart end parts, new energy vehicle high-pressure connections, semiconductor advanced envelopes, and smart mobile terminals.
Four of these projects are consumer electronics. With components and assembly capabilities from large overseas clients, the launch of the message has already been completed in the initial stages of the integrated assembly platform. In our view, the creation of the message has the ability to revolve around intelligence.
Parts and components that can be used for mobile phones extend out to non-cellular products and cutting-edge new technologies, with a strong outreach capacity. In terms of the total investment proposed for these projects, consumer electronic-related projects account for 62% of total investment, and remain the focus of the campaign for the next five years.
Two of the projects are car-related. The combined total of the two projects is RMB 2 billion. By strengthening their own competitive product areas, such as car wires, connection lines, etc., they are gradually moving towards Tier-1 status. We trust that the next five years of the campaign will be expected.
Finally, according to the company’s announcement, the number of undistributed shares does not exceed the amount of pre-issuance pre-issuance public/Puijeng International
The electronics industry has implied more pessimistic fundamentals, and in the 2022 Science and Technology Outlook report, we believe that this year's global smartphone quarterly output is the same as before. This view has not changed.
The smartphones are under pressure, and so are the same ratio. At the same time, we expect that the same and the same ratio of smartphones will improve from the beginning of the second quarter, but the volatility of the market in recent times is far greater than we expected. At the beginning of the year, a share has been added.
So, we believe that the market is still promising to achieve a 4% increase in global smartphone sales this year. Second, the electronics industry’s valuation is close to its low point since 2015, just as it was at the end of 2018.
Finally, there is a return to the standoff as the backbone of China’s smartphone supply chain, with a high degree of certainty that the surrender is far higher than the growth in industry’s performance. Moreover, the recent share-holding ratio of the Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong Kong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung.
At a relatively high position, there was no further decline as stock prices went down (figure 8).
The financial performance of Pulse and Yin International is excellent at 2021: revenue recorded is RMB 154.11 billion, an increase of 67% compared to the previous year, which is higher than the market forecast.
1. Auctionable product exits in 2021, with greater impact on the business and net profit ratio; 2) sophisticated cell phone displays are still in the advanced stages of input, with higher material content
Cost affects a sophisticated overall profit margin and a sophisticated corporate net profit and net interest rate; 3) a lack of cores in the external environment, a unilateral rise in raw materials and transport costs, and an increase in operating costs due to delayed output and output.
Accurate financial performance of 4q21: The operating income was 73.09 billion yuan, an increase of 122% over the same year and the ring over the same market forecast. Net profits were 2.38 billion yuan, a decrease of 6% over the same year, a 49% increase over the same market.
By increasing management efficiency, diversification of products, and mastery of core technology, companies have repeatedly and repeatedly affected the speed of goods clearance, the suspension of some material suppliers, and the world.
In a severe external environment, such as a severe shortage of chips, strong growth has continued. (People) Pil-Ying International has significantly reduced the Māori rate, but slightly increased the Māori rate. We have adjusted the Māori rate to reflect the build-up.
(a) Changes in the product mix as a result of the increase in business volume, but a slight upward adjustment in the absolute value of Māori;
A slight increase in net profits is mainly a reflection of the fact that the acquisition of large-client cellular assembly operations has a flat or a slight reduction in each share of off-the-shelf earnings, mainly considering the dilution of equity resulting from the increase. According to sophisticated consumer electronics, computer-connected products and sophisticated components, car-interconnected products, and precision.
We're also using dcf (discovered cash-flow discount method) valuation methods as part of the projected net profit growth rate of 28 per cent for dense components, telecommunications interconnected products and precision components, and industrial splitting.
In addition, we assume Wacc (weightedaveragecostofcapital), weighted average funding as pessimistic and pessimistic scenarios, pessimistic scenarios (probability: 15%)
Apple's mobile phones, watches, notebooks, etc. are growing faster than the global need for smartphones continues to weaken, delaying the delivery of iphones, and is expected to contribute to the overall rapid growth of communications;
(a) The expansion of the company ' s new business has been successful, such as the touch-showing module, the miniled company ' s new business Māori rate has not increased as expected, and the company ' s Māori pressure has increased its share faster than the underlying scenario;
(b) The share of the iphone assembly and the profit/loss balance are less than expected;
Producing a higher-than-expected share of cellular assembly led to the acceptance of the report by the recipient of the report, including any relevant annexes, of his right to receive and accept the report under the following conditions:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.