The wave of national production replacements has increased the tide — a micro-deep study of the purple country, 11 June 2025.
Deep-ploughing the two main industries of “speciality and intellectual security,” with multiple barriers casting the company’s leading role in the design of integrated circuits. The company 002049.sz uses the fables model, with special integrated circuits, smart security chips, and the two main industries.
The special integrated circuit business is emerging from its lowness and recovering strongly. The company’s 24-year income was only 46.8%, down 12.6 pct, the lowest level in the “145” period, but 60.1%.
(b) The continued expansion of the special product matrix and the successful introduction of space class and new-generation fpga products to the market, addc
Simulations such as power chips have been very successful, and new growth points for special income have gradually emerged. Smart security chip operations have broken down, car electronics core cards have a clear pre-emptive advantage.
The 24-year income of the whole chip business is 47.9%, compared to the 10.2pc increase, but the revenue is still slightly lower by 7.2%, and the Māori share of the business is 37.9% less profitable than the special. Looking ahead, it is expected that the physical and car network segment will become a new flashpoint for the traditional smart security chip.
In the future, the average car value of mcu is expected to exceed $200, making it the single-car-priced product of the car semiconductor the highest. China’s rules mcu market will be $2.59 billion in 2022.
The company's dynamic car chip product, covering power, chassis, body, smart cabin, intellectual driving, etc. The company's tha6 series of products are currently in the first class of high-carworthiness mcu, number one.
As the product moves into the release phase, automobile electronics will become the second largest growth. The stock incentives are expected to accelerate.
A sum of $100 million to $200 million for equity incentives or employee holding schemes. The company completed the total amount of staff motivation in 2023 to promote the sustainable development of the company.
Meanwhile, the expansion of the special product matrix and the electronic growth of automobiles will also support the company’s future income growth. Continued coverage, with a “recommended” rating, will be maintained.
Catalog I, integrated circuit taps continue to deep-plough, group re-engagement (i) inner + extended integration of high-quality assets, and public platform focus on major industries
The company continues to contract in the area of integrated circuit design and has become one of the leading companies in the country in the design of integrated circuits. The company has two major industries: special integration, circuits, smart security chips, and the deployment of stone-eating crystal frequency devices, which provide chips, system solutions and end products for a number of industries such as mobile communications, finance, government, motor vehicles, industry, and object networking.
In the area of roads, companies are one of the first firms in the country to engage in design-related R & D, and have accumulated a systemic competitive advantage in terms of R & D capabilities, core technology, supply chains, and customer capital. As leading firms in the field of integrated circuit design, the UV Micro has a key upstream position in the semiconductor industry chain.
Focus on the chip design and complete core technological development, such as circuit architecture and functional modules, through autonomous research and development.
The company was founded in 2001 and placed on the market in 2005, with the main business being the development, production, and sale of the electrostatic crystals. The company then completed the expansion of its main business through multiple rounds of acquisitions.
Since 2011, the company has been self-financing the construction of the led sapphire line into the industry. In 2012, the company implemented a major asset reorganization, acquiring purple-core microelectronics and Shenzhen microelectronics, expanding its main business to integrated circuits.
In 2017, a two-time acquisition was made of 100% of the control of the Xian violet kernel semiconductor company. In 2016, the company changed its name to the violet kernel, in 2018, and the company changed its name to the violet country.
Further focus on core ownership and optimized resource allocation. In 2023, the company launched stock restructuring and cancellation of the liquidation of tin-free violet microelectronics by three companies, Uttar Pradesh, purple core energy, Uttar Pradesh; completed the transfer of shares in the Tangshan crystal source electronics, and cancelled the two inactive asset operating platforms in Tibet outreach core, Tibet Wenner. At the same time, the company further clarified its responsibility for managing headquarters and cleaning up its commitments.
Businesses such as super-sim cards, the head office became a listed platform, operating independently and through its own subsidiaries, the company as a whole (ii) the reorganization of its shareholders and the departure of its new purple lead.
In the second half of 2015, under the unified deployment of Qinghua Holdings, the company planned to implement major issues such as the transfer of shareholders' shares and the non-public distribution of stocks, major asset restructuring, which became an important platform for the Purple Group's strategy from the “core” to the “cloud” and a new phase of development.
In July 2022, the company became an indirect shareholder in the company, and the company changed to an uncontrollable owner. Management optimization was implemented in 2024: in 2024, to address bottlenecks in the growth of the company’s market and to help the company integrate business, industry, and industry.
Resources such as the supply chain, the co-president of the New Purple Group, Chen Jie, Director-General of the Purple Nation, was elected as the new Chairman of the Purple Nation. The group was restructured, with an optimal organizational structure: in July 2024, the Purple Group launched the bankruptcy reorganization process, and a formal claim was processed by the Middle House of Beijing I. The debt risk was addressed through judicial reorganization.
The smart core holds 100% of its shares, relying on a cluster of specialized subsidiaries to build an integrated circuit whole-of-the-industry layout. Ultraviolet is a core firm, with a focus on chip designs, to strengthen advantages in areas such as smart security chips through the Light Asset Operation + Heavy Technology Research and Development model, and to create a vertical integration system of "design-driven + manufacturing synergies" with intra-group manufacturing and sealing firms that effectively boosts industrial competition.
The company owns eight subsidiaries, seven of which are fully-owned. In 2024, its holding company transferred 65% of Beijing's purple kernel technology to a sub-company of the purple kernel. The equity adjustment was aimed at further focusing on priority business such as intelligence chips and solutions, pooling of niche resources, and enhancing market competitiveness.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structure (up to 2024/12/31) (iii) Focus on special integrated circuits and smart security chips, with performance warming in the sense that the core business of the company is special integrated circuits and smart security chips, while laying stone crystalline frequency devices, which are different from each other
Special integrated circuits are in short supply, leading to a decline. The company experienced a period of business expansion in 2019-2023, with fast harvests.
Growth, with a complex growth rate of 21.9 per cent, the specialized integrated circuits sector has been in a period of adjustment since 2023, with insufficient effective demand from the industry and 37.8 per cent of the sale of products. The decline is mainly due to the pressure on the special circuits, which, in terms of products, have been significantly affected by the restructuring of the industry cycle, with revenues of 2,577 million yuan (Yoy-42.6 per cent) in 24 years.
The Māori rate remains high. The Māori rate for smart and safe chips is 44.2%, a decline of 2.0 ptt over the same period, mainly because the new species have not yet formed a model effect and the Māori rate is lower.
Billion dollars, 21.5 per cent lower than at the beginning of the year, mainly as a result of the removal of Uttar Pradesh from the merger and the decline in the production of integrated circuit operations; The emphasis during the two sessions of the Co-Chairs was on meeting the target set for the completion of the 14th Five-Year Plan, which led to a high profile of 2025, which we believe will benefit in depth as one of the core suppliers of special domain chips, with company performance expected to be at its earliest turning point in q2.
The product structure focuses on the main sector, and will increase the operational input of the “Rivers of the City.” Companies will refine their business systems and management systems, sharpen their focus on core industries, optimize resource allocation, adapt their organizational structure, reduce management costs, and improve management efficiency. Companies will complete the stock transfer of the purple Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Electronics Ltd., and both companies will be cancelled;
The new national core crystal source (Yoyang), which buys two enterprises under the same control, supports the development and management needs of important operations. At the same time, the company further clarifies the location of its headquarters responsibilities, cleans up its business operations such as super Sim cards, strengthens its strategic planning, service performance, risk management, etc., and adjusts its departmental set-up and staffing, and optimizes its management and approval process.
(iv) Equity incentives are expected to arrive in the near future, enabling companies to develop equity buy-backs, and equity incentives are expected to accelerate. On April 8, the president of the company proposed that the company buy back some of its shares.
A total of between $100 million and $200 million to be used for equity incentives or employee holding schemes. According to the announcement of 5 June, company buybacks have not yet been launched. Prior to that, the company had completed a total stock buyback of $600 million in 2023.
On June 8, 2021, the Purple Light countries issued a microblogging note on the transferable debt that companies raise by up to 1.5 billion yuan. Of this, $600 million was spent on a new high-end safety system.
The chip research and development and industrialization project, with $450 million for vehicle-borne control chip development and industrialization projects, and $450 million to supplement liquidity. However, since the second half of 2022, the market environment for the original project was more volatile than for the feasibility study phase of the project, and based on the long-term business development strategy of the Department, the company will change its fund-raising investment project with microelectronics as part of its implementation.
The original fund-raising project was reinvested in the Shenzhen Microelectronics project of the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, $205 million for the high-speed radio frequency model conversion chip series and associated clock chip development and industrialization project, and $240 million for the new high-performance video.
The processor's series of chip development and industrial construction projects, together with 738 million for permanent replenishment of the flow of funds for the development of special military equipment, will continue to be invested in a modified fund-raising project.
ii. The country’s production needs enter critical stages, with the company’s core card elasticity period, which is classified according to the chip manufacturing process, the semiconductor integrated circuit industrial chain can be divided into a basic industrial chain and support the industrial chain. The underlying industrial chain consists of three core links: chip design, crystal circle manufacturing and sealing testing, and supporting the industrial chain, including raw materials, equipment and software tools.
Figure 6: Main links in the integrated circuit industrial chain The integrated circuit design is a process by which the integrated circuits are designed to target integrated circuits, super-large integrated circuits, involving the creation of models of electronic devices (e.g. transistors, resistors, capacitors, etc.), inter-organic interconnections, etc., will set the specifications for the process of forming the design chart.
Design links include structural design, logical design, circuit design, and physical design, design process interlocking, technology, and process complexity. As chip functions grow, mature common design modules gradually form the chip intellectual property module (ip module).
The company uses the Fables model, which is responsible for chip research and development, as one of the core components of the industrial chain. Depending on whether an integrated circuit design company is involved in actual production, the industry can be divided into two main categories: the idm model (integratesignandmanufacture, vertically integrated manufacturing model), and the Fabless model (fabrication-less mill model).
The industrial structure has evolved further towards specialization as a result of the increased complexity of the design, the high cost of manufacturing line inputs, the high operating costs of maintaining the crystal circle, the high level of the process and the associated technical and financial barriers. Under the Fables model, enterprises have focused on the design and marketing of integrated circuits, while the processing, sealing and testing of the crystal circle have been divided among specialized firms.
Highly knowledge and skills-intensive industries, which account for about 53% of total R&D spending, added 49% to U.S. semiconductor design in 2021, and we have only 5%, with much room for growth. Fabless Design relies heavily on access to eda software and core intellectual property rights, and purple co-generation has autonomous eda.
To keep up with the industry’s very short innovation cycle, the eda software provider has the highest R&D expenditure in the entire semi-carrier value chain (an average over 35% of revenue) and has done a huge job in the industry and its ecosystems.
Use. A company subsidiary, Purple Light, developed a large-scale fpga development software with autonomous national intellectual property rights — pango designsuite — to support the design development of tens of thousands of class fpga devices, which is currently the core advantage of the world's few self-owned fpga manufacturers.
The overall competitive strength of the integrated circuit design industry has been increasing, and it is still somewhat resilient, under the influence of the semiconductor cycle. According to the Chinese semiconductor industry association, the sales of the integrated circuit design chain in 2024, amounting to $646 billion, have continued to be the largest segment since 2015, marking an increasing overall competitive strength in the integrated circuit design industry.
In terms of industry growth, the global semiconductor recovered strongly in 2024 from its slump in 2023, with a significant increase in the size of China’s chip market as a result of an outbreak of ai chip and storage chip demand. Design chain sales grew by 18.1% in 2024, as compared to last year’s an asymmetric dependence between our integrated circuit industry and developed countries. On the one hand, our upstream imports to developed countries have increased.
On the other hand, developed countries rely on an incremental pattern of dependence on the links of our integrated circuit industry, that is, dependence on the upper part of the country is lower than the middle and the middle is lower than the lower. This asymmetric dependence is largely due to the technical distribution characteristics of the integrated circuit industry, i.e., the concentration of high technology thresholds such as design, light etching in the upper part, while the middle and lower.
In 2020, our upstream dependence on g7 countries and South Korea reached 62.97%, especially light embolism (90.66%) and semiconductor encapsulation (85.34%). The g7 and South Korea are allies of the United States in the supply chain of the industrial chain, and they have a stronger influence in the global division of labour network.
To date, the import and export of integrated circuits have continued to show a large deficit. The development of the domestic integrated circuit industry is still in the process of catching up with advanced international standards in a short period of time, with integrated circuit products in particular technology.
In the field of high-tech high-end products, the demand for national production is more pressing. China’s home-grown chip manufacturing value (combined with foreign and Chinese assets) is about $30 billion a year, with a home-grown chip self-sufficiency rate of 18.1%.
At the same time, techinsights forecast a full-calibre chip self-sufficiency rate of 26.6% in 2027, with a narrower national production rate even lower. We believe that the current chip domestication rate is still low, high-end product support is weak, and national production space is wide.
At the moment, digital integrated circuit technologies are becoming more difficult, technology replacement cycles are short, foreign manufacturers rely on standards and intellectual property rights to pre-position, and there is a risk that the domestic technology gap will grow. National production simulation integrated circuits are unable to meet the technical differentiation and production needs of high-performance integrated circuits, which are the main bottlenecks affecting the high-end breakthroughs in national simulation integrated circuits.
The country’s integrated circuit industry has a very low-end, low-premium, low-country production rates in the field of digital and simulations, high external dependence, high-end chip “crack neck” issues that need to be addressed. The demand for national production is entering a critical period, is strongly driven at the policy level, there is a structural outbreak of demand in areas such as downstream specializations, new energy vehicles, industrial intelligence, and the combination of external technology blockades is forcing autonomous innovation.
Together, it creates a strong dynamic of national production alternatives. As industry leaders, a market for precision-posted high-tech barriers, companies are expected to have a thick and thin future, with rapid growth.
(i) Special integrated circuits have a higher value added, and national microelectronic depth benefits. Special integrated circuits are strategic areas of technology and high value in the industry. In terms of product quality classification, integrated circuits are usually divided into consumer, industrial (including car regulation) and specialized levels, and core differences at different levels are derived from the adaptation of the application landscape to the environment.
Depending on sexual differences of demand, end-use scenarios for products in special areas often involve complex environments, requiring extreme temperatures (-55°C ~ +125°C), severe radiation, high vibrations, etc., requiring significantly higher levels of stability, resistance and longevity than for chips. Compared to consumer and industrial chips, special chips are created because of technical difficulties, long validation cycles, high barriers to applications.
Specially integrated circuit industries have the power to replace national production. Special areas are more reliable and safe, and are usually larger in size, with relatively low demand for miniaturization. Thus, special areas are less demanding for advanced processes, and national production of special chips have the power to replace national production.
The need for home-grown chips consists of two parts: 1) rapid release of new models: the new ones in special areas require 100% nationalization in theory, and therefore the manufacturers of home-grown components benefit directly from the release of new batches. 2) The upgrading of old models: for non-standard devices, storage
Most of the old models are designed on the basis of foreign product functions and interfaces, there are resistance to changing the product after a military model, and there are more difficulties in replacing the home-grown chip. However, for generic components, replacement is less difficult, so upgrading the old model is also a powerful drag on the country’s production chip demand.
Products include microprocessors, programmable devices, storages, network bus and interfaces, simulators, sopc system devices and custom chips, and provide users with asic/soc design development services and home-grown system chip-level solutions. In the area of special integration circuits, companies are in the forefront of the industry.
Status, the core product is widely used, providing a system solution for customers around the main control chips of fpga, soc, sopc, mcu, and so on, and the market is widely recognized. Special circuit demand pressure in 2024 and a bottom-up recovery in performance is imminent.
42.6 per cent, mainly affected by shrinking orders in the downstream areas of special cases, space, etc. Special integrated circuits were hit by a slowdown in equipment purchases in 2024, pressure on industrial chain stock digestion, and the volume of products fell. However, the industry has shown a bottom-up signal, with the release of demand and accelerated national production of alternatives, and the country's microelectronic performance is expected to return to a fast-growing path.
(ii) Digital integration circuits: the corporate business moat, the logical chip as a more important type of chip in the digital integrated circuit, generally referring to the chip that contains a logical relationship, is binary, allows for the transmission, logical operation and operation of digital separation signals. Logic circuits can be designed in a generic, defined way.
In the area of logical chips, Cyrus (xilinx) and Altera have a prominent lead in programmable logical devices (including fpga, cpld, etc.) while at the same time occupying a higher market share globally.
Many thousands of IPRs have created stronger barriers to intellectual property rights and have created stronger industrial ecological chains. Cyrus and Altra have a large share of the market, creating a pattern of far-reaching competition between the two oligarchs. Special areas have a very high demand for autonomy, from core parts to the system as a whole, and national production is needed to guarantee security and stability.
Increased R & D investment has broken foreign monopolies in some areas of segmentation, with clearer and more promising paths. Because of the high input, complex access and long industrial cycles in the area of special integrated circuits, the domestic market is largely composed of large state-owned companies and affiliated scientific institutes.
The core advantage of fpga is that the hardware logic can be dynamically updated or reconfigured, and the system can be continuously upgraded without large-scale hardware modifications through the functional overlaps defined by the software.
Fpga achieves such functions as a beam-forming algorithm for a control array radar, the re-engineering of a satellite payload in orbit, coordinated control of a drone cluster, and displays multiple values in areas such as advanced communication systems, radar and signal processing, and flight control systems. Its technical value is not only in upgrading the performance of a single device (e.g. radar detection precision).
Modern military and aerospace systems are increasingly in need of real-time data processing, signal processing, and complex algorithms, and fpga is the ideal choice because of its parallel computing capabilities and refractability.
At the beginning of the century, products such as Xilinx and intel (altera) were calculated on a scale of only hundreds of thousands of logical units. Products based on the 28nm process were released in 2011 and the logical module was achieved.
Seventy million units, xilinx published a new generation of products based on the 7nmfinfet process in 2018, and the logical unit has reached a billion levels. As the process continues to evolve, fpga improves its numeracy while reducing its power, reduces its chip area, and contributes to the overall performance of the chip. As artificial intelligence and machine learning increases its applications in defence and aerospace, fpga is in the process of integration.
In addition, the spread of modular design and open-source tool chains is lowering the development threshold of fpga to make it more efficient in prototype design and system validation. In the future, fpga will continue to play a key role in special areas as emerging technologies such as quantum communications, high-precision navigation and deep space detection emerge.
Under the stringent technical and qualification barriers in the area of special integrated circuits, the company’s fpga products continue to consolidate industry leadership based on a fully process-controlled core of technical systems and special-level reliability advantages. According to Chengdu Xiu’s offer, the country’s special fpga, and so on. By contrast, the company’s special integrated circuits are more diverse, with greater competition in digital circuits, and an overall income scale.
Larger. As a minority of firms in the country with the ability to move from chip architecture to high-reliable encapsulation to full chain testing, the fpga product has developed into a more complete product spectrum, with core performance indicators reaching international first-class levels and successfully breaking the long-standing monopoly of foreign manufacturers in the high-end special fpga field.
The company’s market competitiveness is evident in the depth and breadth of its client structure. Currently, the company’s users cover most of the country’s research institutes and high-end industry control poles, and as the process of national production substitution accelerates, its range of users extends from traditional niches to emerging markets such as commercial space, unmanned equipment, etc.
Re-drived, we expect that corporate technological leadership will continue to translate into an expansion of market share. 2. Soc, sip, after 2015, the development of integrated circuits has become a bottleneck, with production progress below 7 nm falling short of expectations.
In addition, as the size of the device continues to decrease, technological bottlenecks begin to significantly constrain process development and improve overall costs and performance, so does the effect. The integrated circuit industry has entered the "post-mor" era, physical effects, power and economic benefits have become the integrated circuit industry.
System-grade chip design (soc) is an integrated circuit module that successfully integrates different capabilities within a chip and is combined into a set of systems that apply to the target setting, using new device structures and layouts, including through structural optimization and process microscopicness, which then achieves the integration of different functions by design.
System-grade chip encapsulation (sip) is a combination of different functional chips and components for wrapping. The advanced nature of the containment technology will greatly influence the realization of the relevant circuit function, with the advantages of low design difficulty, ease of manufacture and low cost, allowing the chip to develop from a single pursuit of high performance and low power consumption to a more pragmatic supply of market demand.
To achieve a more efficient and high degree of integration of related circuits, to effectively reduce the development costs and cycles of electronic information system products, and to further balance the factors influencing performance, productivity, stability and process difficulty, it has become the dominant product development concept and direction of the current industry and is widely applied in the area of special integrated circuits.
In addition, in the peripheral self-adaptation embedded application landscape, in addition to the algorithmic processing of a large amount of data and acting as a high-speed co-ordinater, various tasks such as data collection, graphic computing, and control of scheduling are to be performed simultaneously, and new demands will be common in areas such as future artificial intelligence, high reliability, etc., using cpu+fpga+ai, cpu+fpga+gpu+ai, cpu+fpga+adc
Psoc, which integrates the architecture, will be an important development. UV Micro has introduced a high-performance system integration product (sopc) with on-site programming functionality, combining field programming techniques with system integration chips, rich resources such as embedded processors, programmable modules, high-speed interfaces, and multiple application types of ip.
The platform ' s products represent system-level chips, rf-soc products as a whole are well advanced and more user orders are obtained. The current system-level development and marketing of new products, such as chips, are progressing well, and the company ' s market penetration capacity is expected to continue to increase as the product continues to grow.
The processor ' s frequency and specifications are slashed appropriately and the side interfaces of the RAM, counter, usb, a/d conversion, ut, plc, dma, etc., and even the lcd drive circuits are integrated on a single chip, forming a chip-grade computer, making different numbers for different applications. Microcontrol units determine the number of data digits that they can process in a single operation, thus affecting their performance and capabilities.
. Microcontrol units with different digits have different advantages and limitations in their internal storage capacity, processing speed and functional extension. Microcontrol units that select appropriate digits depend on the needs of the particular application in order to balance performance, performance and power consumption.
The core of the eight mcu processors is eight bits, which can be processed eight bits (1 bytes) at a time. They are usually used for low-cost, low-power and simple applications, such as sensors and small household appliances. 16 bits apply to industrial automated medical equipment and certain car systems.
32-bit mcu can process 32-bit (4 bytes) data at a time, usually with higher performance and greater memory, for applications that need to handle complex data and high-performance calculations, such as advanced vehicle control systems, communications equipment and embedded computers. Consider its most extensive application scenario, complete ecological environment, interface resources and large group of developers, high digits
The market size and occupancy rates of the mcu market have increased significantly in recent years, and are now more widely used in our country by 8 and 32 places. The market share of the 32 and 8 places in 2022 was 44.2 and 51.2 per cent, respectively, and the combined ratio of 4 and 16 and 64 places was 4.6 per cent.
According to the study on the problems of our high-end breakthroughs in the integrated circuit industry published in 2020 and its recommendations (author: Chu Jingxing), the national production rates of 8 and 32 mcu were 50 per cent and less than 5 per cent, respectively. According to the Sullivan report, the national production rate of 32 mcu was raised to 20 per cent in 2022, our national production process is accelerating and there is still much room for improvement in the future.
Currently, the company’s special processor series, such as mcu, imageai smart chip, digital signal processor dsp, has been developed and has been selected for use in extension. Products such as medium-end mcu, video-processing chip are well under development and are expected to become public in the future.
The network and interface products are closely aligned to the needs of their customers, continuously upgrading the existing series of products, introducing three new types of products and becoming one of the most widely covered companies in the industry. (iii) Simulation of integrated circuits: hatching new growth points and opening the second growth pole
Simulating chips can be divided by function into two broad categories of signal chains and power management. In these, the signal chain chips are treated for the purpose of the safe and accurate supply of electricity by diagnosing, converting and processing the incoming signals, essentially through associated control of voltage and currents; and the power source, managing the chip, is used to transform, distribute and detect voltage or currents.
Signal chain chips can in turn be further divided into converter products, amplifiers and comparison products, and bus interface products, as represented by adc/dac. In this, signal converters are the gateways to the conversion of analogue (continuous) and digital (dispersed) signals, which are essential devices in a mixed signal system and are widely used in such areas as industry, communications, etc.
The power management chip continues to evolve as the integrated circuit process evolves, as the size of the transistor under Moore's Law gradually shrinks, and the same area chip contains a rapid increase in the number of transistors, which increases the energy consumption of the chip. The power management chip, as the heart that manages the energy supply of the electronic equipment, is primarily responsible for the transformation, distribution, detection, etc. of the electrical energy required for the electronic equipment.
Control functions. The performance and reliability of power management chips have a direct impact on the performance and reliability of electronic equipment, so it is important that companies complete a large number of new product R & D, product technology indicators in-country, user testing is good, and with more product orientations, a complete model product system will be developed, opening up the second growth pole of the company ' s special operations.
(a) The company's high performance radio frequency clocks, multichannel switches, high performance magnifiers, Ether phy, power-segregated electrons, radio frequency samplers, ultra-low noise linear power sources, ideal diode controllers, power-controlled circuits, etc.;
Broad coverage of various applications.iv. Private sector business: motor electronic second-growth curves are expected to shape (i) smart safety chips: network of things, network of cars bring great performance elasticity
Smart cards are the product of large-scale developments in integrated circuits, computer technology and information security technologies and have been scaled up and applied in a number of areas. The main process of smartcards is to embed integrated circuit chips in plastic matrix form and to insert them into card operating systems (cos), which eventually achieve data storage, transmission, processing, etc.
Smart cards store information through integrated circuits in the cards in a more robust data transfer, data processing, etc., while providing better confidentiality and larger storage capacity than the mode of recording information.
The cost of a chip is the core of the cost of making a smart card, and price fluctuations directly affect the profit margins of the industry. The smart card industry is designed primarily for the chip industry and the manufacturing industry, as well as for other raw materials.
The cost of chips in products is about 60-70% of the cost of the main business; in Tung Xin Peace's statement (2019), smart card chips account for about 60% of the cost. In recent years, with the rapid development of the domestic chip design and manufacturing industry, home-grown chip self-sufficiency rates have gradually increased, and their performance has been increasing, while prices have been falling year by year, emptying the market for the smart card industry.
The expansion has laid a solid foundation. The raw materials, such as pvc materials, are in the basic raw materials industry, the market is competitive enough, they account for less of the cost of smart card products, and changes in supply and demand in their industries have limited impact on the development of the smart card industry.
Midstream: There are more smart card-producing companies around the world, mainly Kim Yato, Dimia, Jed, Henbao shares, metaphoric information, Tung-shin, and equity, and industry is competitive. Downstream: as smart card technology matures, smart card applications become wider and are now available in social security, finance, and finance.
The development and application of a number of areas, such as communications, transport, education, security documentation and health care, have been scaled up and greatly contributed to the ease with which people work and live.
From a global perspective, working in smart cardboards, governments, finance, communications, transportation,
In the case of pvc materials, the companies belonging to the foundation are mainly Kim Yato, medical care, education, etc.
The raw materials industry, the competition in the market, the stock of Déjédé, Hing Treasure, the cost of smart card products.
The lower the cost of the module/chip, the smaller the industry, the intelligence, the metaphoric information, etc.
The lower the cost of cardable products; the second is the development of modular/chip technology and product upgrading for the smart card industry.
The main operations are smart card security chips, represented by the sim card chip, the financial ic chip, the electronic license chip, and the smart terminal security chip, represented by the posse security chip, the non-contact reader chip, and the car code safety chip for digital keys and t-box products.
The company’s smart and secure chip business has a leading market share in the country, and the Simcard chip business is among the highest in China and around the world.
Table 8: Major Product Classifications Purple Pyrotechnics have a higher market share in a number of areas. Smart security chip operations consist mainly of smart card security chips and smart end-safe chips, of which smart card security chips are the core business and products are rich: communications sim card chips, financial payments.
The company’s smart chip applications are extensive in four major areas, namely mobile communications, financial payments, government utilities, and access to the Internet, and it is a major supplier with a higher market share in many areas. Reverse growth has been resilient, with core business-driven performance surged in recent years.
From 2019 to 2024, the company’s operating income jumped from 1,212 million yuan to 2,487 million yuan, doubling over five years, up to 54.8%, demonstrating the profitability and market competitiveness of high value-added businesses. Looking ahead, downstream applications of corporate smart security chips will show a different development.
In addition, the current emphasis on information security in various industries is increasing, and the need for security protection for smart equipment continues to rise, with the addition of vehicles, networking, and the rapid growth of networking, and the application of the safety chip and the security master chip will continue to expand to a public level in the context of steady stabilization of the market, which is subject to competitive pressure.
With regard to financial cards, the country’s credit card industry has grown rapidly over the years, resulting in a mature and standardized chain of industry, with new issuances rising since 2023, but with a large base, we predict that the overall growth rate of financial cards will remain stable in the future.
With regard to financial terminal operations, in March 2024, the Office of the State Council issued an Opinion on the Further Optimization of Payments Service Enhancement of Payment Facility, which calls for the continuous maintenance and upgrading of services such as bank card receiving terminals, the construction of multiple payment services that are compatible with co-symbiotic and cooperatively developed forms of payments, and the provision of diversified payment services to consumers both within and outside the country.
As of July 2024, the digital renminbi experiment had accumulated 180 million personal wallets, the cumulative value of the digital renminbi transactions in the pilot areas had exceeded 7.3 trillion yuan, and the pilot has been extended to 17 provinces and cities. The accelerated landing of the digital renminbi will also generate the need for downstream terminal replacements and promote third-party payments and the bottling industry.
On the international front, as the global financial system’s digitization process accelerates, financial cards (especially bank cards, payment cards) are becoming more widely available worldwide, and international card organizations are becoming more permeable in national markets, particularly in South-East Asia, Africa, and Latin America.
By the end of 2024, the Federation had issued a large number of silver cards in 84 countries and territories around the world, out of which more than 260 million were distributed abroad. In the future, corporate international operations are expected to open up new growth opportunities. Figure 22: Number of new card holders and rate of increase in card holders (millions)
In the public service sector, the construction of the National “One cartoon” has been completed, with a steady increase in the number of card holders. By the end of 2024, the number of national social security card holders had reached 1,389 million, covering more than 98 per cent of the population.
The demand for the replacement and replacement of physical cards is likely to decrease and the future growth in this area is expected to slow further. However, as the social security card application gradually expands the landscape from the social security area to the civilian service area, the application function becomes more intelligent, diversified, intelligent security chip business or as a result of 3.
In addition, the rapid development of the digital renminbi will facilitate the transformation of the card from a communication tool into a core vehicle for digital life, combined with technologies like 5g, and the Internet of things, to achieve more applications. For esim, in recent years, the number of cellular network end-users has been increasing and pulling up the demand for digital identity security modules, such as esim.
By the end of 2024, the number of domestic mobile network end-users stood at 2,656 million, an increase of 13.9 per cent over the same year, a net increase of 324 million, 477 million, 370 million and 320 million households. As domestic mobile network networks and whole chain industries such as chips, modules, platforms and industry applications continue to grow, the number of digital identity security modules such as esim cards continues to expand, and future growth trends are clear.
From 2025 to 2030, the global market size for esim cards is projected to rise from $11.29 billion to $21.91 billion, with a compound annual growth rate of 14.18 per cent, with the Asia-Pacific region enjoying a higher rate of growth.
Looking ahead to future object network applications, security chips based on smart card technology will be used for large-scale applications. Each physical entity will be required to have a unique digital identity in the entire interconnection grid, and this requirement will drive at least one security chip for each item to achieve identity recognition, communication security connectivity and data security storage.
The core security technology system (mcu et al.) will incorporate depth into the sensor, network and application layers of the entire chain of the network network. With the spread of 5g technologies, especially the emergence of applications that are highly demanding for safety, such as car connections, the safety chip is expected to become an essential core functional module in electronic devices.
The company’s esim products are leading in the country, and will perform more flexibly in the future. The purple comb has built a matrix of products covering the sim, esim, nfc-sim, cell phone ese, and supporting new applications such as digital identity loading, digital renminbi.
In 2024, corporate esim products became the first commercial in the country, and the first global security chip with an open hardware + software architecture was released. As mobile phones were increasingly integrated, identification, financial payments, equipment recognition, etc., was accelerating towards the safety core.
(ii) Automobile electronics: the second-growth curve is expected to shape China’s auto semiconductor, with a huge national alternative space, and the domestic industry faces historic development opportunities. With new energy vehicles and smart networks, the country’s domestic industry will be able to develop.
In this context, domestic enterprises, represented by purple combs, are accelerating the deployment of key areas such as car code safety chips, mcu, etc., and are gradually breaking technical and ecological barriers. Despite the current process of national production substitution,
At an early stage, however, policy-level support for high-end chips, and market-end home-based car companies’ focus on supply chain security are creating historic development opportunities for domestic industries. Deepening the multi-dimensional business layout, full-scale dynamic car electronics.
There are a number of key technological accumulations in the area of home-grown car chips, with better pre-emptive advantages. The company has now launched a series of products such as car control chips, car safety chips, power devices, applications covering power, chassis, body, smart cabin, intelligent driving, etc.
There have been several breakthroughs in the area of car information security and security at the top of the international standard. The purple core has acquired information security qualifications such as the national secret level, the first sogiscceal 6+ in China. Since entering the electronic area of automobiles, companies have been certified with the Iso/sae 21434 vehicle safety management system, the Iso26262asild functional security process and product certification, aec-q100, etc.
A system of vehicle-level product development and management processes that meet the highest level of motor function security “asild” has been established and has reached the highest international standards of safety in all its aspects and can be applied to the electronics of automobiles. The purple core is recognized by industry authorities for its security management systems and product development capabilities in the area of vehicle functional security and information security, and provides industry-friendly best practice standards for a wide range of global customers.
1. A car chip safety product. Normally, a smart car will install a sim card to confirm the legitimacy of a network user's identity, the transmission of an operational command, the carriage of a vehicle.
Service information management, etc. However, the application of 5g technology, the higher requirements for the car connection module, and the traditional Sim card are no longer capable of meeting the specifications of the vehicle and the plant wants to manage the widgets in a uniform way to realize the vision of a sim card that is connected globally. In this case, the esim of the gsma definition should be created.
Based on a mature, professional R & D platform, the purple peer has undergone continuous technological and product innovation, specifically targeting the electronics of automobiles, and has developed a car code-based esim solution with safety chips and gsmarsp technologies at its core. Currently, the company's car chip safety product layout covers a number of areas of car connectivity, with traffic rules in digital keys, t-box, etc.
The application of the domain has been recognized in the market, and dozens of mainframe plants and tier1 have been imported to achieve volume loading. The company joined the wpc (wireless charger power union, wrelespowerconsortium) to become a service provider for mcsp, providing credible clearance for vehicle-mounted wireless chargers.
mcu is one of the main control chips, which is important. The car chip can be divided into the main control chip (mcu, soc, ai chip, etc.), storage chip, power chip, simulation chip and sensor chip in five categories, car code mcu is one of the main control chip.
The number is about 70, while the luxury conventional fuel truck has about 150 mcu due to additional and more complex features, the use of modern smart cars is more than 300, and the use of single cars is two to four times higher than the original use of new-generation cars, occupying a significant position in the market for car chips. According to the Micu innovation announcement, the future is expected to centralize as the mccu chip continues to evolve.
The higher the number of places in mcu, the greater the ability to adapt to complex applications. The more the cpu handles the width of binary data each time. The higher the number of places in mcu, the greater its ability to calculate and support storage space, the greater the ability to adapt to complex applications.
The mcu chip used is divided into 8-bit mcu, 16-bit mcu and 32-bit mcu, i.e. low-end, middle-end, high-end products. At present, the country ' s autonomous car regulation mcu area as a whole presents a gradual abundance of product matrices, but high-end products have yet to be broken.
There are a number of core areas. Among them, mocu is responsible for the basic functions of light control, door and window upgrades and so forth; mocu is the lead engine for core power systems such as thump management, battery control, etc.; mocu is used for stability controls such as hang-off adjustments, electronic brakes, etc.; mocu supports the car-borne information entertainment and interactive interface; and mcu is the focus of autopilot algorithms for intelligent driving.
Today, the automobile sector is the world’s largest market for mcu applications, accounting for about 33%. Especially today, when motor power is growing, the demand for mcu chips is growing, providing a unique development opportunity for domestic chip producers.
The automotive sector will continue to be an important driver of growth in mcu. China’s annual lead for the global new energy and smart network automobile market grew to $3.65 billion in 2026, with an average compound annual growth rate of 8.92%, which is significantly higher than the global overall increase in the mcu sector of 5.8%.
The power and chassis system mcu became the core growth pole of the current car chip track. According to the aspencore data, the power and chassis system was the highest in 2023 at 31% of the total value of the car mcu. This structural feature is highly correlated with auto production electricization and intellectual upgrading: the precision of the new energy vehicle type for electrical control and battery heat management, driving the power field.
Mcu is moving in the direction of high numeracy and reliability; and the trend towards the digitisation of the bottom domain (e.g., linear shift, air overhang) has created an incremental demand for high performance mcu. Moreover, the continued investment of global car firms in engine efficiency optimization and the driving force of green energy policies have further strengthened the market position of the sector mcu, making it the core growth pole of the current car chip track.
We have a low national production rate of mcu, which in some areas is not more than 10% of the market for domestically produced mcu products. The standard standards for production of mcu chips are so stringent that they require not only refinement in the production process, but also lengthy measurements.
This high standard and demanding production environment allows foreign chip giants to dominate the global car regulation mcu market, based on pre-emptive advantage and market experience. According to British flying data, in 2024 the car mcu market was monopolized by foreign manufacturers.
Domestic production demand + auto electricization has contributed to the rapid growth of national producers of mcu. We have a low domestic production rate of mcu, and a low market share of autonomous car regulation mcu products is not more than 10% in smart cabins, adas, etc.
In our view, the intensification of geopolitics, the regionalization of the auto-industry chain, and the trend toward the substitution of chips for domestic production will offer development opportunities for national producers. Moreover, car electricization drives continued market expansion in the short- and medium-term mcu, which is expected to accelerate the increase in the share of national auto-owned brands and mcu manufacturers.
These manufacturers continue to innovate in the area of smart cars by introducing high-performance, high-reliability mcu products, extensive application to engine management, chassis control, smart cabins, auto-electronics, information and entertainment systems, etc. With the rapid development of new energy vehicles and smart driving technologies, national producers are accelerating technology overlaps to meet the electronic market for cars.
The higher demand for safety, arithmetic, and low-capacity supports the upgrading of smart network cars. Purple combs have a leading market position in the high-security mcu class of national car regulations. They are important players in the national production of mcu, making important contributions to the domesticization of car chips, the autonomy of the car supply chain, and the security and controllability of the country.
The company has a pre-emptive advantage. The car code mcu has difficulties in research and development, long cycles, complex car code certification systems, long processes, high import thresholds, high time costs for car chip suppliers and the cost of product research and development tests to meet all types of car code certification requirements.
The conditions for certification and inspection are stringent, and stable partnerships with chip manufacturers tend to maintain a longer period of cooperation, with new entrants of the same type of product often having difficulty entering the car chip supply chain, so that firms that enter the industry first can have a stronger pre-emptive advantage in competition and thus become the main wall of the industry in a more favourable market position.
Thisa6gen2 series, an initial Chinese-asild-certified arcortex-r52+ inner nuclear car codemcu, provides a sound hardware and software base for the electronic and electronic architecture of cars and meets the needs of industry users for applications such as power, bottom, and vehicle and intellectual driving.
The generation of products will be matched by more than 10 domestic and foreign mainstream tool chains, basic software, and will be imported into multiple mainframe plants and Tier1. The industry will be the leading strategic partner and will start the collaborative development of the operating system during the chip definition phase.
This signing represents a major breakthrough in the model of cooperation between the two sides. Compared to the traditional model of embedding software once the mcu chip has been developed, the new cooperation mechanism will initiate the co-operation of the operating system at the chip definition stage.
The full cooperation this time is likely to consolidate the company’s national production of mcu chips, and accelerate the import of products in the automotive sector to ensure a competitive advantage in the industry. The firm’s active deployment of high-fiscal chips, such as electronic cars, has created a number of key technological accumulations in the national car chip field.
It is based on a deep accumulation of more than 20 years in the field of safety chips, a comprehensive layout of car electronics, and the creation of a series of car cores such as car control chips, car safety chips, power devices, etc.
Nuclear asildmcu, the overall digital key solution, a car network security solution based on cceal6+ certification chips, and a car-car-car-esim solution, with applications in the areas of power, chassis, body, smart cabin, intellectual driving, etc. The company is now recognized by the head mainframe and the well-known Tier 1 manufacturer with a pre-emptive advantage, and we believe that as the product is released, it is expected that the company will use the gas.
(iii) National core crystals concentrate on the stone crystals business, which accelerates penetration into the area of disaggregation.
The company's crystalline frequency device is divided into quartz crystals and quartz crystals. The stone crystal frequency device is called profit.
The company’s current products cover major product categories such as rock crystals, stone crystals, pressure-controlled crystals, thermocrystals, thermocrystals, etc. The products are widely applied to network communications, industrial controls, auto electrons, mobile Internet, smart security, etc.
Over 40% of the company’s products are exported to countries and territories such as the United States, Germany, South Korea, Hong Kong, etc., are directly accompanied by internationally recognized firms, as well as an alternative principal supplier for the domestic domestic production of frequency components. The global market for graphite frequency units has been declining continuously in recent years.
These factors have affected weak consumer demand and a continuous decline in the global market for quartz crystal frequency units, with uneven supply and demand, and a continuing decline in unit prices for products. The Chinese Electronics Industry Association estimates that the global demand for quartz frequency units fell by 2.3 per cent in 2023, or about 45.4 billion units, compared to the same year; the market size declined by 14.1 per cent, or about $26.1 billion.
Future emerging industries are driven by a projected average annual increase of about 4.9% in the market size of the global quartz frequency element in 2023-2028. After a period of market fluctuations, the global market for the quartz frequency element showed positive changes in 2024, with the Chinese Electronics Industry Association estimating that the global market for the quartz crystal frequency element in 2024 was 27.3 billion, an increase of 4.5%.
The demand for traditional consumer electronic applications, represented by mobile phones and computers, has shown signs of a steady upturn, and the recovery of the industry is expected to be evident. In the future, with the recovery of the economy, the demand for and market size for global crystallized frequency units will grow steadily, with new and emerging industries such as new energy sources, interconnectivity, smart households, smart cities, etc.
At the core of the technology cut-off, the company focused on miniaturization, high frequency, high-precision products, and key common technologies for industrialization, and successfully developed cutting-edge technologies such as the glass 2016 amplifiers, smd 1612seam seals.
In terms of market-oriented R&D, firms closely interact with emerging market demand such as mobile 5g communications, electronics for vehicles, and accelerate the development of new products such as high-based crystals, mini-chip crystals, and 5g communications using ocxo1409 Heat oscillators, small-scale vcxo oscillators.
q200’s reliability standards are validated to meet the diverse needs of customers, and provide technical support for high-reliability scenarios such as electronics for vehicles. Companies are pushing for expansion and technological upgrading of production capacity around core product areas, through building of production bases, receiving and inspection of priority projects, and a breakdown of city’s production capacity.
Launching of the Micro-Metal Crystal Synth Production Base Project to drive the product towards miniaturization. Autopilots use pressure-controlled frequency modules (fcxo), network communications use the Heat Vibration Unit (ocxo) and its companions, thermostats and sc-cut crystals, high-voltage grid failure detection modules, etc.
With the approval of the Project for the Industrialization of 200 million pieces of 500g communications network equipment per year, the Project for the Industrialization of Stones and Greats and Stones was successfully built. The new products, such as the Pressure Control Frequency Module (fcxo) for autopilots, and the Temperature Vibrant (ocxo) for network communications, were upgraded.
Looking to the future, as the global electronic information industry recovers and domestic substitution accelerates, companies are expected to release two-wheel-drives through technological innovation and productive capacity, increasing market penetration in priority areas and emerging markets, opening up multiple spaces for business growth, taking advantage of industry changes, core drivers and investment proposals
(i) Core drivers, as one of the vanguards of a domestic integrated circuit design enterprise, have great potential for the company to develop in the future. The company has two major industries: special integrated circuits, intelligence, and safety chips, while setting up the field of stone crystal-based frequency devices, using the Fables model, deep-dry chip development and production.
Semiconductor design is a highly knowledge- and knowledge-intensive industry, accounting for about 53% of total R & D spending, 49% of US semiconductor design value added in 2021, and only 5% of our country, with much room for growth. National production needs are entering critical stages, corporate core card elasticity periods.
The problem of high-end, low-end, low-country production, and high external self-sustainability, and high-end chip “crack necks,” has yet to be resolved. The current demand for national production has entered a critical period, with a strong policy-driven drive, downstream specializations, new energy vehicles, industrial intelligence, and so on.
Special areas: companies are the absolute leaders in the area of special digital integration circuits, recent years have been continuously simulating integrated circuit operations, simulations of product matrices have been enriched, income ratios have steadily increased, and special numbers have been effectively compensated.
In the area of public goods, where the company was primarily engaged in the development of smart safety chips, in recent years, the Department has begun to organize auto electronics, with sustained high-intensity research and development inputs casting high-reliable core cards and pre-eminences for the production of mcu products. In the next two years, automobile electronics is expected to move gradually to flowering outcomes, and the second growth curve for public goods is beginning to shape.
The head of the company proposed on 8 April that the company buy back some of its shares, amounting to between $100 million and $200 million, to be used for equity incentives or employee holding schemes. According to the announcement of 5 June, the company buyback has not yet been started, but the Department of Public Administration has completed 600 million shares buybacks in 2023.
The group fully supports the advancement of the work. We anticipate that the corporate equity incentive programme will land in q3, or effectively boost core cadres of staff motivation, thereby contributing to sustained corporate growth. (ii) Profit forecasting and valuation.
The company's main revenue comes from three major business plates: special integrated circuits, smart security chips, and stone crystals. We expect the company to earn $6,92,92999.11 million in business income in 2025-2027.
In the course of the year, the operation is expected to recover strongly: 1) 14th Five-Year Retention-led Sector Equipment Needs Warden, Industry Entering Recovery Gateway, 25q2 Microelectronics will be at a turning point; 2) Substitution of national production accelerates and the need for autonomous control in areas such as special high-end chips, aerospace chips, etc.; 3) Special Product Matrix continues to expand and Space Class and a new generation of fpga products successfully move to markets, adc and power cores
The company’s active deployment of car electronics, which has been recognized by its head-owners and well-known Tier1 manufacturers, has a clear pre-eminence, and we believe that as products are imported, the company is expected to rely on steam.
By building a core competitive edge in the area of crystalline frequency devices, the company builds a solid foundation for emerging markets. Looking ahead, with the recovery of the global electronics industry and the acceleration of national production substitution, the company is expected to build a firm foundation.
Unleashing a two-wheel drive through technological innovation and capacity, increasing market penetration in priority areas and emerging markets, opening up a multi-dimensional space for business growth, pre-empting development in industrial change. Given the relatively stable profitability of companies and sustained net operating cash flows, we use fcff (business free cash flow discount)
An absolute valuation method, using the fcff method, uses a weighted average capital cost wacc, including risk-free interest rates rf, target debt ratio, expected average yield on the stock market rm, sustained growth rate, leveraged beta coefficient, debt cost kd, tax
rate, the parameters are set as follows, and a discount rate of wacc = 8.96 per cent can be derived from the following parameters. Table 19: fcff calculation process Table 20: fcff calculation results
Absolute valuation conclusion: We use the fcff model, based on the measurement of the free cash flow of an enterprise, reference to the company's historical performance and the average valuation level of the industry, study the company's reasonable valuation from the company's intrinsic value, at 8.96 per cent in Wacc, with a sustained growth rate of 8.96 per cent The company has a more stable profitability and can use the pe relative valuation method.
The Sino-Chinese industrial sector has a market gain of 151 x, the Schenwan Defence Force index of 75 x, the Yangjiang Defence Force construction city of 148 x, and an average industry market gain of 125 x. In terms of comparison of operations and technology, we have chosen special integrated circuits for micro-electrication, Xianchang technology, Chengdu Weihua, and
We can compare the company’s average market gain in 2025 with 59.71 times that of the company. The company’s current ratio is only 29 times that of pe, which is somewhat different from the industry’s average and comparable company’s average of pe, and there is much room for it.
As a core indicator of national production of integrated circuits, firm-level certainty and growth will benefit from the special sector landscape re-emerged in 2025, which will pull up the special integrated circuit operation. At the same time, the expansion of the special product matrix and the electronic growth of automobiles will also support the company’s lack of revenue growth.
Risks of changes in the international trade environment: In recent years, international trade frictions have escalated, and trade protectionism has spread further against globalization, with some countries adopting trade protection measures that adversely affect the development of some of China's industries. Given that the integrated circuit industry is a typical global division, industrial cooperation may result in unanticipated adverse changes in the international trading environment if international trade frictions escalate further.
The risk of price fluctuations in raw materials procurement: the cost of raw materials for companies as a proportion of the cost of the main business and the widespread use of raw materials in multiple areas, where supply and demand and prices are subject to upstream supply, downstream demand, developments in mining and production technology, bulk commodity trading, geo-governance
The risk of increased competition in the industry: as the country’s industrial policy changes open, and as the country’s overall R & D manufacturing level rises, the price of the chips rises, and the price of the chips rises.
In the future, there may be more competitors entering the business in which the company is located, and there may be increased industry competition facing the company, which may have a negative impact on the volume, prices, market ownership, and Maori rates of the company's products. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
This report is provided to its customers by China’s Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Galactic Securities”). Galaxy securities are not considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.