Non-Golden Financial Securities (FSM) Annual Stock Exchange Review: Self-incorporated Investment Bank has been a drag on performance and public fund-raising agencies have made a significant contribution.
In 2022, the market share of the company's brokerage business, which accumulated 8.32% of the total number of open customers, ranked second in the industry.
A three-way walk-through to build a large wealth management service with the characteristics of a bond dealer. 8,697/7,422,2022, corporate equity plus mixed public funds and non-monetary market public funds retained a score of size.
The Department's “e-intake” accumulated 40.2 million clients, with $9.65 billion in contracted assets.
In 2022, the company accumulated around 600 services through the micro-coops.
In 2022, the average monthly active number of subscribers (mau) increased by the same amount as in 2022.
Reverse growth, strong financial management structure -- Annual Stock Exchange Review: Self-incursions are a drag on performance and public fund-raising contributions are outstanding: the company's two-in-one business revenue was $5,571 million, down 10.62 per cent from the year before the end of 2022.
In 2022, net income from securities investment was $1,393 million, a significant decrease of 45.22 per cent compared to the previous year, a decline of 8.64 per cent in revenue from the company ' s ipo project reserves, and the company ' s share share owners ' underwriters, affected by the decline in reserves in 2021.
In 2022, the owner of the bonds in the company paid $274,976 million, ranking 8th in the industry; and in the abs business, ranking 6th in the industry, credit.
Abs was ranked first in the industry for eight years in a row; the company acted as the financial consultant base; the company was ranked second in the industry on the scale of its public fund-raising reits; the size of its operations fell and the profit contribution of its affiliates exceeded 20 per cent.
Net management and fund management income of $1.045 billion, a decrease of 20.67 per cent, or 21.65 per cent of total revenue. Investment returns on joint ventures and joint ventures (mainly two public fund subsidiaries) contributed $1.662 billion in profits, an increase of 3.84 per cent over the same period.
By the end of 2022, procurement management had been affected by market fluctuations and the decline in client demand, with a total capital management size of $31,713.4 million, a decrease of 34.36 per cent in the same year. By the end of 2022, the PACE trustees ranked 9th in the industry and 7th in the average annual size of private equity management.
By the end of 2022, the size of the Fund ' s asset management was 1,501.1 billion yuan (without the size of the management of the Public Administration Division), a decrease of 9.32 per cent from the end of 2021. In 2022, the Fund achieved net profits.
In late 2022, Merchant Foundations were ranked fifth in size, Bonded Public Fund size and Equity Fund size, respectively.
Figure 2: The profit contribution of the Fund and the Recruitment Fund in the last five years Annual Stock Exchange Report: Self-incurred investment has been a drag on performance and public fund-raising has contributed significantly to the decline in income from self-employment operations. In 2022, global economic growth slowed and markets fluctuated.
Headstrends are strong, and market warming is expected to provide a good opportunity to recover. Despite the decline in performance, many of the company’s performance remains at the forefront of the industry, with strong “merger” and shareholder backgrounds and good market reputations.
The business is expected to seize investment opportunities and raise returns. At the same time, the Public Fund subsidiary and the Institute of Financial Management are expected to take advantage of investment opportunities.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute an offer or an inquiry into the sale of the securities in question.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.