Kyodonga (000725.sz) 3025 in revenue, profit on a year-on-year basis, Māori ring ratio up, electro-optic optical electrons
The company published three-quarterly reports in 2025, 1-3025, with current operating income of $154,548 million (yoy+7.53%) and net profit of $4.601 billion (yoy huhui2@guosen.com.cn)
(yoy-3.opct, qoq+1.4pct). tv, tt, lcd hand zhangdawei1@guosen.com.cn machine and other types of products and oled products accounted for 28 per cent, 37 per cent, 12 per cent and 23 per cent respectively.
Industry producers in lcd produce tv panels on demand at moderate and volatile prices, and industry patterns continue to be optimized. Industry manufacturers in lcd insist on demand-driven production strategies to adjust crop yields to market demand elasticity. Three-quarter average crop rate rises and is expected to fall below 80% in the fourth quarter, and lcdtv has a demand-driven price in the industry.
Looking ahead next year, sports events such as the World Cup are expected to lead to growth of tv products in the first quarter: a change of cycle and ai empowerment drive demand for t products. Increased sizedness further boosts the growth of demand in the sector, and future industries are expected to achieve a balance between supply and demand.
According to the group wisdom consultation, the head branded flagship model was launched in a centralized fashion, and the global soft-led smart-phone panel produced a million pieces, an increase of 25.7 per cent compared to the same year, accounting for 21 per cent of the global soft-led market.
52 weeks of top/lowest prices The company has succeeded in breaking through the core client ltpo project and achieving volume production and further expansion of the client community, with a projected double-digit increase in the company's supply of unled goods throughout the year.
Increased penetration and high-end technology routes, which are expected to optimize the product structure of the industry, lead the industry to make a profit Investment proposal: given the pressure on the tv panel and the exponential increase in the volume of products from the low end of the product, we look forward to the need-based production of the lcd industry, sustained and steady profitability of the company.
Medium-sized application, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. “Kyoto”a (000725.sz)-2q25 is a year-on-year increase in profits, “1+4+n.” Kyotoa (000725.sz) - proposed acquisition of 30% of Rainbow Light Power, panel industry
The Māori rate is the same as the Māori rate. The Māori rate is the same as the Māori rate. The Māori rate is the same as the Māori rate. The Māori rate is the same as the Māori rate.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject