Communion shares (300661): Perfect collection 2021, 2022.
São Paulo shares published annual reports 2021 and quarterly reports 2022: 2,238 million yuan in operating income in 2021, an increase of 87.07 per cent in the same year, 6.99 per cent in the same year and 96.81 per cent in the same year, and 260 million yuan in the same year.
244.98 The net profit of $247 million from deductions and later return to the mother continued to grow over the same period, with the Māori ratio of 2022q1 at an all-time high of +10 per cent and the net profit return ratio of +4.8 per cent.
By way of a breakdown of products, in 2021, the company signal chain and power management, respectively, accelerated the process of launching new products, creating a national “supermarket” for simulations, and in 2021, the company's R & D investment amounted to $378 million (year-on-year +82.55 per cent).
The catalogue of product categories is growing in abundance, building up a “supermarket” for national simulation chips. To date, the company has nearly 3,800 products available for sale in 25 major categories. All designed in a positive direction, covering both the signal chain and power management areas.
For consumer-type electronics, communications equipment, industrial controls, medical instruments, motor power subs, as well as new and emerging electronics such as networking, new energy sources, smart clothing, artificial intelligence, intellectual ability, intelligent manufacturing, 5g communications, etc.
High viewing continues, with emphasis on simulation of course investment opportunities as an essential component of all electronics.
The model was a new high of $74.1 billion, with an unprecedented 30 per cent rise in the same year, and market size is expected to continue to grow by 12 to 83.2 billion dollars in 2022, with a sustained high profile. The breakdown of the product is based on frost&sullivan.
According to statistics, the global power management market is expected to grow to $52.560 billion by 2025, and according to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the global signal chain market is expected to reach about $11.8 billion by 2023.
The national simulation chip self-sufficiency rate is still low, with the world ' s top 10 simulations in 2020 reaching 63 per cent of the market for chip companies, with Texas ' s instrument market reaching 19 per cent, and local manufacturers having large national production alternatives.
In our view, the company is currently the most rich leader in the national simulation chip class, taking into account the evolution of the international simulation industry, and a well-developed catalogue of products is central to enhancing market competitiveness. Meanwhile, China is now becoming a simulation chip.
In the largest consumer markets, companies are expected to benefit from the high tide of simulated chip markets to replace national production for long-term sustainability. Industry downside risks, new products at less pace than expected, industry competition
▪ Electronic group presentation Mao Jianxian: Three years of US semiconductor company work experience in the world
Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Polytechnic University, Singapore.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.