São Paulo shares (300661.sz) product and client double-extension, 1q22 season-high, sub-diverse.
huhui2@guosen.com.cn Added more than 500 products in 21 years, with a full increase in revenue from power management and signal chains. Corporate products cover 25 major categories of products in two major areas of signalling chain and power management, adding more than 500 products in 21 years, currently
Nearly 3,800 items are available for sale, covering more than 100 segmented market areas and thousands of customers. While expanding existing market areas, companies are also active in such applications as material networking, new energy sources, artificial intelligence, and 5g communications.
Driven by a combination of factors, such as strong demand, the company's revenues from both major product lines grew, with electricity sources management products earning $1,529 million (80 per cent of yoy), or 68 per cent, and Māori at 53 per cent (+8.4 pct); new product development was gradually upscaled to introduce more advanced products from the world.
The development is gradually becoming more multifunctional, sophisticated, complex, with more new products using more advanced programming and wrapping forms, such as 90 nm simulation and blending signal processes, soi processes, wlcsp wrapping, etc. With continued high R & D inputs, companies launched a new product with the world’s most advanced levels in 2021.
Including high-pressure, low-noise magnifier, charge pump mode amoled power source chip, 35na.
The São Paulo Stock - 30661-Foundation Review: Māori ratio continues to increase, with external investments completed, ddr terminal stabilizers, high-speed high-precision 24 sigma-deltaadc in integrated pga, etc. The São Paulo Stock - 300661-Foundation Evaluation: Pan-electronic super-substitution of national production, plus performance
Investment Recommendations: Continuous Expansion of Products and Clients, with a promising increase in corporate shares, maintaining a “buy-in” rating
Continuing expansion, the company's share is expected to continue to rise, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Figure 4: Quality of corporate profits Figure 5: Single-season revenue and growth rate of companies Figure 6: Single-season net profit return of companies and rate of increase
Figure 7: Māori rates of companies, changes in net interest rates, Figure 8: Main rates of companies The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author