In the first half of 2021, the net profit on recruitment/repatriation was $168,749 million / $6,115 million, an increase of 13.75 per cent and 22.82 per cent, respectively, respectively. Net interest income/favourage in revenue collection: the release of the dividends from digital operations and the optimization of retail customer structures
In the reporting period, a total of 105 million homes and 19 scenes of mau have been recruited by merchant banks, and the digital services have been upgraded. The prices of the two companies are compared to 300 deep.
An online shop has been set up at a network site, with an average household asset of $60.5 million (average monthly calibre) and a total of 3.44 million for aum, with an average household asset of $2.795 million.
Building on the previous “two app-flow-plus-realizations,” a recasting of the value chain, the wealth management-asset management-investment banks, forms a larger financial ecosystem. Key corporate executives are growing their private bank cards faster, while private banks are leading them.
• Matching of assets and liabilities: Retail assets are returning to high growth rates, and call deposits are returning to high growth rates. lpr pulls down the interest-rate gap. Total loans/corporate loans/collaborative discounts/retail loans
In retail loans, the balance of individual housing loans/other personal loans/credit card loans is a non-interestable income: wealth management fees have erupted, increasing by 33.6 per cent over the same period, and wealth management fees have increased rapidly.
This represents an increase of 23.62 per cent. Of this amount, surrogate service fees of $15,173 million, or 40.36 per cent over the same period. 20,612 million in fees and commissions related to wealth management, or 33.6 per cent over the same period. • Quality: a decline in poor rates and an increase in the provision coverage rate
Building a large financial ecology, deep-ploughing value chains for wealth management, “app current-realization” and “fiscal wealth management-asset management-investment banks” along the same lines, with wealth management on a scale and hand that inhibits consumer behaviour more than expected; macroeconomic growth is slower than expected.
In the first half of 2021, the net profit from recruitment/repatriation was $16,749 million / $6,115 million, respectively, compared to 2 operational analysis: digitalization + large wealth management: 2.1 hitters: digital operational dividends released, retail customers growing at a high rate
During the reporting period, a total of 105 million households and 19 scenes of mau were hired by commercial banks. Two applications were broadcast live on 3075 videos, serving more than 18 million clients. 66 branches opened city halls and 1734 web sites set up online shops.
Retail customers are growing at a high rate of 165 million, corresponding to aum at $998.5 billion (monthly average; 111947 million private banks, corresponding to aum at $322.92 billion, with an average household asset of 27.95 million.
Sunflower customers also grow faster than average retail customers. In terms of quarterly increases, average retail customers q1 and q2 gain points of 1.90% and 2.48%, aum corresponding increases of 7.30% and 4.07%; golden sunflower clients q1 and q2 increase points of 2.2 large ecological + large platforms: open links, deep-cultivated wealth management
Creates a circle of friends. Launchs the "Yung Yee" project, builds a growth platform for potential fund managers, incubates and locks in excellent fund managers, and 55 partners have been posted in the "Fitorship" to open up direct client-service explorations. Business banks apply for 15.692 million clients, a 29.17 per cent increase over the same period, accounting for the total number of fully financed investment clients.
97.62 per cent; matching financial sales of $6.12 trillion, an increase of 26.85 per cent over the same period. Deepening the wealth value chain.
The opening of private bank cards has increased rapidly, while private banks have also increased significantly to public and efficient customers. 2.3 Financial technology: the investment has increased by 28.89 per cent over the same period.
Financial analysis: the outbreak of revenue from wealth management operations: 3.1 Nim: lpr downward adjustment to the rate of return on loans Decline in the rate of return, although the rate of cost of deposits has declined to some extent, the decline cannot be offset against the rate of return on loans
The balance of individual housing loans/other personal loans/credit card loans was $1330.36 billion, respectively, and the growth in housing loans was significantly lower than the q1 and q2 ring ratios of 2.32 per cent and 2 per cent, respectively, during the same period last year. Credit card loans were non-interest-based: the cost of wealth management fees increased rapidly.
During the reporting period, net fees and commission revenue increased by RMB 52,254 million, or 23.62 per cent over the same period. Of this amount,:
Revenue from agent service charges was $15,173 million, an increase of 40.36 per cent over the same period, mainly through equity funds, and high growth in agent fund income and agent insurance income.a) This highlights the outbreak of revenue from treasury management fees: fees and commissions associated with wealth management.
20,612 million yuan, an increase of 33.6 per cent in the same year) representing an increase of $6,719 million in acting funds, representing an increase of 39.75 per cent in the same year.
There has been a rapid increase in the size of retail financial sales.f) The revenue from agent securities transactions has increased by $757 million, or 66.39 per cent over the same period, mainly in Hong Kong stock markets, and there has been an increase in the financial operations of Silver International and Young-Long Bank securities.
(g) Representing income from precious metals of 175 million yuan, representing an increase of 19.86 per cent in the same year, mainly a positive increase in the gold trade, and bank card charges of 9,396 million yuan, representing a decline of 0.23 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, and international card revenues from offshore charges:
Industry (1.57%) and retail underperformance (0.76%) have continued to decline. Of the sub-items, only other categories account for a relatively small percentage.
Figure 2 shows a fall in net interest differentials, with asset interest rates falling faster than debt rates; and a rise in deposit ratios, with costs falling back. The epidemic inhibits consumer behaviour more than expected; and macroeconomic growth is slower than expected.
The data and information used in the present report, which are presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, are made available from the market and do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information purposes only. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not be directly or indirectly affected by the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.