Non-Golden Financial Securities Company, Middle Gold Company, 2022: Self-inflicted performance, Aceedings, strong position of afloat, incident: China Gold Company, 2022 report, company ' s business income in 2022
In 2022, when the company invested, the company was less affected, its net income stabilized, showing a stronger sales figure of $52,863 million, third in the market; and it completed 46 refinancing projects for a share, master.
In the area of debt financing, the highest/minimum amount of 12 months ' worth of bonds in China Gold, involving total transactions of approximately $99,595 million, involved 83 domestic M & As transactions.
Total transactions amounted to approximately $91.277 billion, 11 cross-border and offshore M & As transactions involving the total transaction.
As a company ' s traditional ace, the investment business remains a leader in the domestic market and is still competitive in the off-shore market.
In 2022, the net income from the management and management of the Fund was 2,914 million yuan, a decrease of 4.27 per cent in the same year, and the size of the management assets of the battalion fund was $11,157 million, an increase of 30.37 per cent in the same year.
The size of the fund increased to RMB 1,009.7 million, a 24.2 per cent increase in the same year, and in 2022, the fund achieved operating income of RMB 309 million, a 25.99 per cent increase in the same year and net profits.
Both the scale of operations and net income have declined, while the net income of the Fund’s management operations has increased but is relatively modest. However, the firm’s fund operations have grown faster than net profits, indicating a decline in revenue from brokering operations, and service providers and high net customers’ capacity remain advantageous.
According to the data, in 2022, the net revenue of the middle gold broker business was $5,232 million, a decline from the same year. In 2022, despite the impact of large market fluctuations, the company remained a service provider with an advantage in terms of high-value customers, and now covers institutional investors both within and outside the country.
More than 9,000 companies provide a full range of financial uniforms to institutional investors, both domestic and foreign, through the provision of one-stop-shop financial services such as “investment, sale, trade, products, cross-border” The number of clients of corporate wealth management reached 581.65 million, an increase of 28.3 per cent over the previous year.
Net income from self-employment has declined significantly, delaying company performance. In 2022, the company operated itself mainly as a start-up board and as a result of the net loss of securities held owing to the decline in their market value in line with stock market developments: net returns on investment in claims were mainly on securitized products, corporate debt, and corporate debt.
Gains and losses arising from investments in national debt, resulting in a decrease of RMB 152 million in net proceeds on a year-on-year basis, or 4.56 per cent; net gains on other investments, mainly from investments related to the Fund, resulting in a decrease of RMB 3,161 million in net gains on a year-on-year basis, or 61.68 per cent, mainly due to market exposure
The downward impact of corporate holdings of public funds, monetary funds and private funds, combined with the effects of exchange rate fluctuations, has led to a decrease in net returns on the investments of the funds concerned. The large decline in net income from self-employment has had a significant negative impact on China’s performance.
In the course of the year, the location of a full registration system will allow the company to release into the domestic market its rich experience of issuing a register of cross-border operations, thus highlighting the alpha attributes of its operations. The company is expected to remain a leader, playing the core competitiveness of its operations, and actively participating in the various types of operations before it arrives.
In addition, companies have a strong risk management capacity and investment strategy in their own business, and are able to find opportunities and values in the midst of market volatility, and as markets get warmer and self-employed as they get warmer.
Business returns are expected to recover. At the same time, in brokering, companies have a wider customer base and higher customer satisfaction, and are constantly innovating and optimizing products and services in the transformation of wealth management to meet the diverse asset allocation needs of their clients.
Self-inflicted performance and the status of the Ace Bankers are strong and are expected to lead to a full recovery of self-inflicted operations and operations.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute an offer or an inquiry into the sale of the securities in question.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.