Self-employed business is bright and the operations of the venture are subject to cyclical fluctuations Events: HK$6,209 million in operating income for China Gold Company 2023q1, +22.44 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother is US$ 2,257 million, +35.95 per cent in the same year; ps 0.434 in the same year
\triangleright’s own income shows up and contributes to a major increase in its performance. \ 23q1 companies are self-employed. \Hong Dynasty
Revenues from services amounted to $3.62 billion, or +143.4 per cent of the year, of which investment returns were driven by the volatility of markets at the domestic and external levels of 22q1, with refinancing and bond underwriting showing good results. 23q1 investment fundamentals were solid, with 44 ipo reserve projects ranked sixth in the industry.
On 17 April of the same year, the company was approved to market securities.
Foreseeably, Kim Kim actively explored a new profit model. 1 Prospective profitability: the company’s self-employed business is clearly reversed, and brokering is better than the market as a whole.
Advanced management experience, a broad and deep customer base, and an outspoken vision of internationalization. We expect companies, as industry leaders, to be expected in the future to accompany a further recovery in capital markets to achieve overall growth in performance, with attention.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Li, General Manager of the Guanghai Rental Operations Department, formerly in China-China Portfolio Portfolio, Huatuan Securities. Joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019. He was in charge of the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre. He was a Master of Arts in Economics, Shandong University, and a Master of Economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France. Three years of non-banking financial research experience. He was a former Master of Science, University of Wuhan, and a Master of Actuarial Science, University of Boston, four years of actuarial experience, joined in June 2022.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.