China Gold Company (601995.sh) has four-sided layouts, balanced development, and has published its annual report for 2022. In 2022, the company achieved 26,087 million yuan in operating income.
Investment shows the advantage of internationalization, ranking first on the market at the size of the ipo unit as the sponsor, $3.58 billion; and as the global coordinator, the ipo project, 52 weeks maximum/minimum price.
As of 1 April, the number of company reserves (including ipo and refinancing) had ranked fourth in the industry.
It continues to be built on the trust of high- and medium-value clients, with close to 6 million clients of corporate wealth, an increase of 28.3 per cent over the same year, with groups expanding and institutions leading. Institutional clients are solid, covering more than 9,000 institutional investors, both within and outside the country, especially in the case of qf11/Money management/head private clients.
The net income from the investment of $10,608 million was realized throughout the year, a decline of 28 per cent compared with the previous year, mainly due to the net return on the investment of fair value-measured gold.
China Gold Co. (601995.sh) - Excellent cross-border operations, leading by institutionalization. Structural adjustment, alternative search. Corporate asset management revenue of 1,365 million yuan in 2022, same as China Gold Co. (601995.sh) - High customer base, excellent cross-border business capability.
Thirty-five percent, 19 percent, and a 60 percent decline in the size of the management of the pooled funds scheme. The size of the assets managed by the Central Gold Fund increased by $25,869 million the same year, with the first guaranteed rental housing reits produced in 22 years.
The biggest public-reits product of both the goods and the markets, the poles of which highlight the fact that, in the context of the growth of the reits, they will continue to exploit their business advantages to leverage multiple types of infrastructure/business/industry assets. Market competition has increased, liquidity constraints have led to higher financing costs, innovation has not moved as fast as expected.
And with a high-quality client base, balanced business development, forward-looking strategic layout, high cross-border capacity, we maintain our “buy-in” rating.
Figure 2: Net profit and increase for China Gold Company. Figure 3: Net asset return rate for China Gold Company. Figure 4: Net profit and increase for China Gold Company for the single season.
Figure 5: China Gold Main Business Structure Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author