The National Defence Force (F-FDTL) is officially on board for 20-year-olds, and is moving closer to 20-20-year-olds, which will contribute to greater elasticity in the future.
The company completed the production delivery of a new generation of large military transport aircraft20 on schedule. Xinhua reported that the air force was officially installed for service on 6 July 2016.
Over 300 will be needed, and the company will be more resilient in the future with the gradual release of capacity. In accordance with the strategy of "one air, one fire, one attack, and one attack," our air force will need to be able to increase its remote delivery capability in parallel with the corresponding long-range strike capability.
The sole bomber producer in the country, with the development of a new generation of long-range strategic bombers in the future, will also have a positive impact on the company ' s military operations.
By the end of 2016, a total of 60 and 600 civilian feeder aircraft produced by the company had received 343 domestic out-of-country orders (with 183 intended orders) for a cumulative total of 108 flights from 18 countries.
In addition, the company is an integral part of the company's 2017 investment strategy, such as the landing and landing gear, as a domestic feeder aircraft, the arj 21 front, the mid-air, the wing, the former mechanical industry, and the importance of large national aircraft, c919, ag600.
Spare parts supplier, 216 sets of brake systems, hydraulic attachments, brakes, etc. In international turnkey operations, companies produced and delivered Boeing 737 series aircraft in 2016, military industry investment strategy 2017 - industry
The opportunity to focus on reforms will also open up a wider room for companies to grow in the year’s first flight, and civil aviation operations will be expected to take place. Transport-20 will be officially installed for service, and the pace of performance will come closer.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.