A steady increase in new aircraft-type batches of aviation products is to be expected, and a 3.27 per cent increase in net profits for Chinese aircraft in 2016 is to be expected.
On 14 March, the annual report for 2016 was published by Space Electronics. During the reporting period, the company achieved revenue of $1 billion, an increase of 3.27 per cent over the same period in the previous year; moderate growth was achieved.
Millions of yuan, representing an increase of 9.93 per cent in the same year, contributed 97 per cent of the company’s operating income. Currently, the company’s productive tasks are full, and during the reporting period, the company achieved $26.122 billion in operating income, completed 108 per cent of its annual plan.
On 6 July 2016, a new generation of military transport aircraft, which China has developed autonomously, was delivered to a unit of the Air Force. Transport 20 is a new generation of heavy jet transports, which China has developed autonomously.
The shipping-20 service marks a critical step in capacity-building for the strategic delivery of the Chinese Air Force, with a potential need for a total production of 400. As one of the major participants in the shipping-20 project, the company began bulk production with the shipment-20.
With regard to civilian aircraft, in 2016 the company delivered one new boat series aircraft. Given that, as at 31 December 2016, the company ' s new boat series had a total of 343 domestic and foreign orders (including 183 intended orders), 108 had been delivered, and delivery is expected to accelerate in 2017, further
Formally operational, two have been delivered, which also guarantees the growth of the company’s performance. In addition, on 13 March 2017, the Minister of Science and Technology, Manjiang, stated that the country’s major passenger aircraft c919 would take off during the year and that the company would benefit as the producer of key components of c919.
In the context of the company's full production tasks, the new type of aircraft is entering bulk production, and it is expected that substantial deliveries will be made in 2017, in the context of the city's gateb, 5th floor, where I have the qualification or considerable professional competence of consulting on portfolio investment granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in an independent and objective manner and with a diligent and professional attitude.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.