The annual report of the Chinese aircraft (000768), the increase in aviation product operations, and the company’s efforts to create two major industrial systems: military aircraft and civilian aircraft.
Transport-20 has been officially installed as its main manufacturer, and Chinese aircraft are expected to benefit fully from the expanding market demand for large military transport aircraft and to continuously improve the company’s expected performance. The development of military operations such as leopards, 6k booms, etc. are in line with the national development strategy, while the country’s future demand for long-range bombers, etc., will further enhance the company’s performance expectations.
With regard to civilian aircraft, the company continues to be responsible for the production of the core components of the large national aircraftc919 and the feeder aircraft arj21, while the autonomous development of the 700-plane project is proceeding well.
- The company ' s excess revenue has been completed, the net profit for the parent has increased slightly, and the financial costs have decreased significantly. Corporate operating income increased by 8.32 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2016, mainly due to a change in the structure of aviation products delivered in the current period compared to the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to the parent company have increased slightly, by 3.27 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Financial costs have decreased significantly, by 173.86 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of a change in the structure of air products delivered during the period.
The company has set a revenue target of $27 billion for the new year, based on an overall positive trend. China-China’s only transporter, bomber-researching production platform, and the group’s direct ownership of the assets will facilitate follow-on capital operations.
The company is one of the leading aircraft asset companies of the China Air Industry Group. Its main business is four major sections, including military aircraft, civilian aircraft, landing and brake systems, international turnkey operations, aluminium alloys, etc. The company has concentrated its resources on military aircraft, civil aircraft design, development, manufacture, etc., which are the backbone of the domestic aviation industry.
In 2012, following the second reorganization of assets, the Department became the only transporter and bomber production platform of the China-China Industrial Group. In 2014, the Western Air Group transferred 40% of its holdings to China-China industry, and the China-China Industrial Group became shareholders and actual controllers of the Chinese-China-based aircraft.
\triangleright 20 officially entered the air force in July 2016, and China has successfully joined the few countries in the world that are able to develop 200 tons of large-scale transportation on their own.
In addition, as the company’s sole producer of domestic bombers, the successful development of future long-range bombers will raise the company’s military aircraft to new heights. The company’s future looks to a lot, and we expect that military aircraft operations in air products will become the company’s main future growth point.
High efficiency in the use of funds to build up and upgrade business capabilities and promote healthy business development for companies, paving the way for the future production of military and civilian aircraft. New aircraft project development process not as well as expected; increased pressure on inventory and advance payments and delays in the receipt of orders; reduced defence investment
In 2012, the Chinese Stock Exchange Award was the top ten prizes (seventh place).
“The seller's agency's profit forecast is the third most accurate real estate industry.” Wang Gao, civil-military integration, etc.
Lee Young-Long, Doctor of Science, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Master of Financial Management, Central University of Finance and Economics, 4 years of experience in the validation and management of projects in the field of electronic defence, 2016.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.