Medical care pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences The need for end-points affected by the epidemic has not fully recovered, income has fallen slightly over the same period, and long-term growth logic has not changed Events: the company recently released its mid-2020 performance report, which was achieved by the company in January-June
The decline in revenues over the years was mainly due to the epidemic, with hospital end demand not fully recovered.q2 million yuan (per cent to 8.0 per cent) was realized in the first quarter of the q2 quarter, the decline in income over the same period was mainly due to the epidemic, and hospital end demand was not fully restored.
Tests for nucleic acid, implemented by the company from the second quarter of 1919, and the increased operating costs of the slurry station. Reorganisation of the eight factors and layered statnium to the clinical stage, with increased R & D costs. Essential recovery of end demand is expected in the second half of the year, with protein mainly for surgery, in the first half of the year.
The backlog of surgical requirements is likely to be released centrally in the second half of the year, which is expected to be better than above, and the price of protein is expected to continue to rise. The climate continues to rise. Reductions in slurry at the beginning of the year resulted in a decrease in import batch issuances in 2021, a decline in imports, and a flat or single-digit increase in domestic slurry in 2020.
In the medium-to-long term, blood industry’s core competitiveness lies in its ability to expand its blood resources.
Apocalyptic Organisms (600161). " Integration works so well, Li hosts Guangxi Crests, laying the foundation for the expansion of blood source size, and 7 more slurry stations are ready to be picked up, with rapid performance growth - 2019/08/25. "
The performance is expected to increase significantly as the project progresses well. The production capacity of Chengdu will be released on time, and new product lines will be added to it. The performance is expected to increase significantly with the slurry.
The scale has been further expanded, with an increase in the volume and capacity of the three blood systems and the central Thai slurry in Guizhou, and an increase in the profitability of the ton slurry. Performance is expected to increase significantly in 2021, with the expected long-lasting haemorrhage, the release of capacity and the production of new products (viii factor + siltc).
In the next two years, blood products will continue to grow, and will enjoy a certain premium and be “recommended”.
The Māori rate has improved less than expected, marketing costs have fallen less than expected, life-saving blood production has begun less than expected, products are less advanced than expected, and safe production risks are associated with:
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report