The Sini Sanctuary brings the sky to the sky for the first time.
Reason for the report: Biannual reviews, major product batch issuances have been increasing and slurry has returned to normal levels.
The epidemic affected the performance of the first half of the year, and the issuance of major products kept growing. As a result of the epidemic, the company’s operating income in 2020h1 remained almost the same as in the previous year, and the net profit of the parent fell more than the income of the business, mainly as a result of slurry costs, rising detection costs and increased available inputs.
In the first half of the year, the company issued a cumulative volume of 47,781 bottles, representing an increase of 23.50 per cent over the same period, of 4,317,000 bottles, representing an increase of 0.97 per cent over the same period; of 22,400 bottles of magnesium props; of 1,120,000 bottles, an increase of 1.85 per cent over the same period; and of 3,673 bottles, a major product, for the eighth factor.
In terms of slurry, the company completed 697 tons of plasma collection in the first half of the year, a decline of 13% compared to the previous year, and the q1 slurry, which was severely affected by the epidemic, has returned to normal levels in the second quarter. Research and development and capacity-building have been actively advanced to improve the company’s overall strength.
The bioreassembled human coagulation factor viii and stratum-based IVP IUD clinical trials have been approved by many central authorities and multiple central contract signing has been completed, while the selection of the subjects is proceeding in an orderly manner; and the Chengdu human celebrosis has been recombined with the application for permission to go to the market.
28th floor of Trade Center A, 69th West Street, Taiwon City City, and the condensed blood factor viii have received supplementary funding from the Drug Review Centre of the National Drug Control Authority.
Information circular on the 7th floor of the centre and completion of the submission of additional information; entry of the CVP clinical tester
The team is proceeding in an orderly manner; the Lanzhou blood-celebrosis primary compound has received a clinical test report. In terms of production capacity, Chengdu has invested $1.450 billion in the International Biocity Park in Chengdu.
The workshop project has completed the design of the reconstitution of the condensed blood factor production workshop concept, preparing for the start of the survey-design-construction master contract tender; the Shanghai blood system has invested $1,655 million in the new Yunnan base, which has been officially launched.
In the future, 1,200 tons, with a gradual delivery, the company will have two single plants with a slurry capacity of over 1,000 tons of blood, and the sale of blood products will resume gradually in the second half of the year. We expect that the company ' s 2020-2022 ps will pose a separate risk to drug safety; industry policy risks; research and development risks will fall short of expectations; single plasma station monitoring winds.
\triangleright Risk; Cost-Ending Risk; Risk of Inadequate Supply of Raw Materials; Risk of Market Competition; New Coronal Disease attitude; Independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.