On the 27th of August 2020, the first half of the year was issued with robust performance.
In the first half of the year, the slurry has returned to normal levels and is expected to benefit from an increase in the price of protein in circulation (millions of dollars):
The costs of slurry, testing costs and labour costs are affected by factors such as good corporate cost controls, a slight increase in management costs for sales and management team construction, and R & D costs 2.98 per cent (+0.53 pct). For slurry, 2020h1 collects 697 tons of plasma, a 13 per cent decline in the same year, mainly affected by the q1 epidemic.
Some of the slurry stations have suspended their slurry, and q2 slurry has returned to normal levels. As the overseas epidemic continues, the drop in slurry will affect the supply of imported proteins after 2021, and the protein market may enter a new cycle of low supply, higher prices and higher levels of national production.
Blood batch issuance is robust, research and development lines are rich and steady, and tons of slurry revenues are expected to rise.
Bed-to-market registration process, company listing application for cytosis compound and human constriction factor viii. Submission of additional information: reorganization of human constriction factor viii, stratum-based intravenous injection of human immune protein. Bleed, human fibrous protein clinical trials are progressing well; rabies have acquired ecstasy protein in Mongolia.
The business’s value is being reshaped with the arrival of the most powerful sources of slurry and distribution channels, following the re-establishment of the planetary organisms.
Liu Hyemin's berries are less than expected, the impact of the epidemic is greater than expected, and there is a risk to the quality of the product. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, submits this report in an independent and objective manner and in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.