The planetary organisms (600161) are temporarily suffering from the epidemic and are expected to recover from the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre in the second half of the year.
• Summary of performance: The company released its semi-annual report for 2020, which generated operating income of $1,555 million in the first half of the year, with a slight drop in the impact of the epidemic and a return to normal levels of slurry. 1) At the end of the sales, the public administration has now largely covered the main focus terminals in provinces and municipalities, except in the Aotai region, and has moved into multiple standard medical services.
Hospitals and priority development hospitals, which are leading in the country. The company is actively promoting a network of terminal hospitals, which is expected to expand further in the future through the academic influence of the hospital. 2) In terms of slurry, companies collected 697 tons of plasma in the first half of 2020, a 13% decrease compared to the same period last year.
There has been a slight decline, but it has returned to normal levels. Capacity bottlenecks are about to open, product line development continues to advance. 1) In terms of capacity, the company currently produces more than 2,000 tons of modulated production capacity, which is regulated by Doo Yong-seng, Lanzhou blood system, Shanghai blood-style martial arts system, Shanghai blood system.
In order to solve the problem of production capacity, the company invested $1.45 billion in the construction of a new Yong-Aun base, and $1,655 million in the construction of a new Yunnan base, with a design capacity of 1,200 tons, which is expected to be completed in the future.
In the first half of 2020, Chengdu recombined the human cdensation factor viii and the stratomy process of intravenous injection immunisation. The clinical test of globin was approved by a number of centres of ethics: the reversion of the Cretin enzyme in Chengdu, which was submitted for listing.
The sum and the human condensation factor viii complete the submission of additional information: the process of grouping the CVPs was carried forward according to plan; and the clinical treatment of the HCS complex was approved in Lanzhou, with a corresponding valuation of 80 times, 67 times, and 56 times, respectively.
And the potential for future productivity upgrading is high, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Performance, looking at the long-term development of a company, has not been, has not been, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, compensated for by the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.