Gore shares (002241) tws drive performance reversal, vr/ar support long-term growth 23 October 2019
▪ The global acoustic element is the leading player in the integration of acoustics: the company's sophisticated zero-components, smart acoustic entire machines and smart hardware are now the world's largest mic + speakers provider, and the world's second largest mems mic supplier, with a prominent corporate leader.
With the competitive advantage of aggregating acoustics, opticals, and wireless communication, you can provide a voice-optic, power-based solution for your client.
Acoustic whole machines and smart hardware are synergized, and long-term growth of kinetic energy is sufficient. Standard penetration, current mainstream design trends for smart phones, and the promotion of integrated, rich smart voice interactions, tws headphones quickly blow the market.
The core technology of integrated hardware and software development, the steady advancement of product-line intelligence, the adequate allocation of production capacity, the steady increase in the self-contained ratio of sophisticated parts, the steady growth of client outreach, and the strong market leadership are expected to fully benefit from the rapid growth of the tws market.
▪ The smart watch market continues to grow, and the company has a significant lead: smart watch can wear market hot spots, giant entry drives industry packages and applications markets to mature rapidly, and smart watch applications are one way or another as a result of a combination of health, rich functional applications such as monitoring, and continuous increases in value for money.
Broadening, the market is expected to grow rapidly. Companies can provide one-stop solutions for smart watches, and sophisticated manufacturing power can help clients shorten the delivery cycle of new products, expand in smart watch markets, provide high-quality customer resources, and market advantages are highlighted.
5g boost vr/ar rises, and companies first issue the board's cardboard industry: the high speed and low-time transmission properties of the 5g era are expected to significantly improve the user experience of vr/ar products, and 5g+ cloud rendering is expected to significantly increase the vr/ar application's performance, reduce hardware costs, and help vr/ar spread.
The margin calculations derived from the 5g era are also expected to rejuvenate the vr/ar application, and the vr/ar industry is expected to speed up the flight. In the vr area, the company is pre-positioned, the technology stock of the vr optical solution is very high, the vr development volume is experienced, and the vr head display and related interactions are available.
One-stop R & D manufacturing capacity for equipment has accumulated high-quality customer resources, such as vr terminal head-manufacturers, and the output of medium- and high-end vr products has already taken up over 70 per cent of the global market, with market pre-emptive advantages.
It is hoped to take the lead in the rapid growth of the end-of-end markets.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: sophisticated zero components, smart acoustics and smart hardware markets, market dominance, high product competitiveness, and high customer resource quality.
1. Accommodating the strategy for the development of audio-optic zero components + smart hardware. Gore shares were established in 2001 and placed on the market in 2008. Companies are mainly engaged in sophisticated zero components, intelligence.
The development and marketing of sound and smart hardware, the main products of which include micromics, microphones, smart wireless headphones, virtual reality/enhanced reality products, etc., are widely used in consumer electronics, represented by smartphones, smart tablet computers, smart, home-able video games, smart-to-space electronics, etc.
Göring Group Ltd. holds 19.49% of the company’s shares and holds the company’s shareholdings. Kang Bin, Hu Gem-mi, combined, holds 34.13% of the company’s shares, is the company’s actual controller, Kang Bin, Hu Gem Mi and Kang Yong are acting together, and the three together hold 38.73% of the company’s shares.
After many years of technological accumulation and market openings, the company has now become the world's largest micro-e-circle provider, the world's largest microphone + speaker supplier, and the world's second largest mems microphone supplier, Dragon 1.2. Diversified product layout, building a competitive advantage in the integration of acoustic light power.
The company constantly expands its product lines and enriches its product categories by virtue of its powerful product capabilities. Currently, the company’s sophisticated zero group is based on micro-microphones, microphones, speaker modules, antenna modules, mems sensors and other electronic components; the company’s smart acoustic entire machine is based on wired headphones, wireless headphones, smart wirelesss, etc.
Headphones, smart sound products, etc.; corporate smart hardware is mainly for smart home video game parts, smarts to wear electronics, virtual reality/enhanced reality products, industrial automation products, etc. A rich product matrix provides a solid basis for companies to take advantage of consumer electronic market opportunities and build operating economies.
In the field of precision zero components, the company insists on autonomous innovation, accumulates autonomous knowledge of acoustic device technology, and in the field of smart acoustic whole machines and smart hardware, the company swims downstream through “odm” or “jdm”
Clients combine their efforts to develop their products and have a significant competitive advantage in the market. Companies now dominate the market in areas such as micromics, mems microphones, mems sensors, high-end virtual reality products, microphones, headphone products, smart electronics, smart and home-based video game machine accessories.
Figure 5: Product capacity for centralized acoustics, optical and wireless communication as one, Figure 6: Corporate customized acoustic solutions 1.3. Business expansion progresses steadily, driving performance expectations
In 2018, the company achieved business income of $23,751 million, a 6.99 per cent decline in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $868 million, a 59.44 per cent decline in the same year. In the first half of the year, the company achieved business income of $13,576 million, a 61.11 per cent increase in the same year, while the market demand for products such as smart watches and smart bracelets was warming, while the company ' s smart wireless headphones and smart wears were increasing.
In the second half of 2019, consumer power began to grow, and as the company’s production capacity increased and new products expanded steadily, the company’s performance was characterized by a multi-structured business, with sophisticated zero components, smart acoustics, and three major business blocks of smart hardware.
In the first half of 2019, the share of sophisticated zero components, smart acoustics and smart hardware operations in total receipts was: 1) the market for spare parts and whole machine products was highly competitive and the pressure on the product was very high; 2) the company ' s new production line items, such as smart wireless headphones, wearable products, were still in the early stages of production, and capacity utilization was to be increased: 3) the company sold
The structure’s medium-sized business share is rising, while the business-wide Māori rate is lower, thus lowering the overall Māori level of the company. As corporate productivity continues to climb, while working with well-known global clients to expand product lines and roll out new products, corporate profitability is expected to improve in the future.
The tws headphone market opens up high-speed growth, the company fully benefits from thick thin hair, and the market opens up high-speed growth tws (truewirelessstereo, real wireless stereo) headphones are smart terminals connected to the main headphones and
The main headphones transmit audio signals to the earphones by wireless means, thus enabling the independent use of stereophones in the right and left channels. The tws headphones are rapidly available, thanks to popular sound and friendly user experience.
In full support of the Bluetooth 5.0 standard, Bluetooth 5.0 has achieved two times the speed of transmission, four times the distance of transmission and eight times the amount of transmission of radio data, while maintaining the low-capacity properties of Bluetooth transmission, and is expected to contribute significantly to the development of the wireless bluetooth industry. The current tws headphones use bluetooths to transmit audio signals.
At the same time, the tws headphones are more in line with the current mainstream design of smartphones. On the one hand, the trend of thinning smartphones is deepening, and on the other hand, the traditional Usb charging interface supports both the positive and the negative as it moves towards the Usb3.1 standard.
As a result, the current mainstream design trend for smartphones is gradually driving the terminaler to try to cancel 3.5 mm cable headphone interfaces. The tws headphones do not have physical wire connections, and are therefore perfect to match the mainstream design trend for smartphones.
In addition, as headphones gradually become an important vehicle for intelligent voice interaction, tws headphones begin to integrate various smart applications interfaces, gradually becoming important entry points for ai applications. At present, the new airpods headphones support "heysiri"
A voice-activated feature that allows users to wake up and interact with their voice assistants through anaerods; Hightowers also partnered with the Amazon to develop tws bluetooth earphones based on the alexa voice helper, and to launch a first-line industry-to-end bluetooth headphone reference design that allows android users to combine their rich voice experience into ear-to-hear.
Device in; also released ai smarttws headphone glorified flypods, a product that supports voice awakening, touch manipulation, built bone sonic sensors, and the latest Hwa high-level bluetooth audio transfer protocol. As an important application site for i-phone interaction, the tws headphones will be enriched and help drive the speed of tws headphones.
The global market for tws headphones is expected to reach $7,529 million, an increase of 40.05 per cent over the year, benefiting from the Bluetooth 5.0 standard penetration, the current mainstream design trend for smartphones, and an integrated, intelligent voice.
Figure 19: Changes in the size of the global tws headphone market 2.2. Technologically well-equipped to fully benefit from the growth of the tws headphone market
In terms of hardware, companies can offer one-stop solutions from architecture design, antenna design, audioic integration, sensor integration to embedded systems integration. In terms of software, companies have the ability to adapt to active noise reduction.
Upward noise reduction, microphone arrays, 3d-cube, voice-enhanced algorithm technology, and echo elimination technology. For different applications, companies can provide rich product functional design and whole solutions in conjunction with downstream customers in product development, and market competitiveness in the field of tws headphone products and technology is significant.
tws headphones are more difficult to manufacture, and the company has a significant advantage in building production lines and manufacturing capabilities. tws headphones have a very complex structure inside the headphones, involving manufacturing processes such as fpcb soft and hard boards, while demanding a very good rate.
The Division ' s automated team has been designed to improve processing accuracy and efficiency steadily, while companies should use advanced manufacturing processes such as powder metallurgy technology, ultrasonic welding technology, laser technology, and significantly reduce the delivery period for new products, creating a unique advantage for large-scale production of high-quality products.
Production bases meet the demand for increased production, mainly in productive areas such as mills, more abundant land and labour reserves, and are expected to expand production capacity to productively rich areas such as Vietnam. tws earpieces have steadily increased their self-contained ratios, and are expected to improve the profitability of their products in a sustained manner.
The leading producers in the acoustic field, in wireless earplugs, are homemade microphones, speaker/speaker drives, sensors, plastics and parts of hardware, all of which are home-made, home-made zero components in the value of end-products, have increased steadily, operational synergies have been significant, and it is expected that the company will continue to increase its profitability in the field of tws-based mechanisms.
With the rapid growth of the tws headphone market, smart terminal producers such as Apple, Huayuan, and Mi have made tws headphones one of the priorities for future product layouts. The company has a strong grasp of the product and technological advantages of tws headphones, and, in addition to working closely with large international clients, has also been active in expanding its diversity of customers.
Household resources, and significant progress has been made among some Andre clients, and future company tws headphone operations are expected to benefit fully from the roll-out of new products from many downstream customers and the increase in product output.
The smart watch market continues to grow, and the company has a significant lead. 3.1. Smart watch becomes a hot spot for the market, and the market is expected to grow rapidly.
The easy, friendly user experience becomes the dominant form of intelligent marketable products. Today, smart watch products combine a variety of functions, such as timing, mobile communication, navigational positioning, health management and mobile payment, and become one of the smart end products of the consumer electronics market with the highest interest.
Smart watch applications hardly need to re-establish user habits, while at the same time they are important data portals for recording users in health and sports, and have a natural advantage in high-frequency applications such as mobile payments, alerts, etc., which make smart watch applications the focus of an int-challenged layout, driving the smart watch industry chain alignment and response.
The smart watch set has become a rich feature, and messages alerts, location navigation, mobile communications, and smart voice interaction have become the standard matching of smart watch applications, while smart watches have a greater response in the field of health surveillance.
With advantages and potential, the application landscape is also expected to expand further to areas such as iot services, medical care and sports, with a wide market space.
In addition, according to idc, in 2019, the average price of China ' s smart watch market fell by 35.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and in addition to the factors of the growing maturity of the supply chain, mainstream producers are gradually moving towards the introduction of a medium-priced segment of $100-$200, which is the main reason for the decline in average prices. Mainstream manufacturers, by accurately locating user groups and their needs, are secondary.
A partial trade-off in the product function of the demand is accompanied by an extreme focus that effectively controls costs and stimulates the desire of more users to buy at a higher value than the price of the value of the product, which will also drive the advance of smart watch products, figure 31: the production of smart watch products at different price points continues.
The smart watch market is expected to grow rapidly. According to the China Industrial Information Network, China’s smart watch shows in 2019, figure 32: Changes in the volume of goods produced by China’s smart watch
Figure 33: Changes in the size of China’s smart watch market 3.2. Technology + customer double-wheel drive, with a strong corporate advantage, offers smart watch one-stop solutions in product design.
Hand-rings provide integrated solutions for products that represent intelligence that can be worn from product concepts, id design, electronic design, structure design to development, production and manufacture.
Figure 35: Corporate sports smart watch products, professional sports watch lte4g smart watch
Professional outdoor exercise watch, multitasking, providing outdoor exercise, texting, sleep monitoring, monitoring heart rate, long sit-in alerts, running jogging, etc.
Gsm/wcdma/lte4g full-network voice calls • multi-motion monitoring • precision hhm heart rate monitoring
• Waterproof 67 • Esim/nfc payment • static heart rate monitoring
• gps locator haptics screen display • voice awakening
In the manufacture of products, the company’s sophisticated manufacturing power can help its customers to shorten the delivery cycle of new products. The company is in the process of making a great deal of power, making itself self-contained in core raw materials such as plastics, metal, molds, imitation, etc. The company is actively exploring intelligent manufacturing models, applying information and automation technologies to improve the manufacturing chain and promoting the intellectualization of manufacturing.
(b) Introduction of specialized technology and core equipment with international leadership, autonomous research and development for system integration, leading to a shift in corporate manufacturing patterns towards digitization, networking, intelligence, service-based, and a growing production capacity for flexible automation of products, significantly shortening the delivery cycle of new products, and significant market competitiveness.
For domestic clients, companies are involved in the odm business of Chinese intelligence bracelets; for international customers, in 2019, companies launched a qualcomm based on high-tech partnerships.
The new generation of 4g smart watch reference designs for the snapdragonwearTM2500 platform, with a significant increase in power and performance, supports the e-sim function, enabling 4glte calls, heart rate monitoring, day-to-day activity monitoring, etc. The company provides a powerful vertical integration capability, ranging from precision zero components to intelligent whole machines, from id design, electricity, etc.
One-stop solutions for sub-design, radio frequency and antenna design, acoustic design, critical zero component home-made and whole-body production, figure 37: Wa is smart hand-ring product 5g power vr/ar rises with companies first issuing a C.P.A.
4.1.5 g aid, vr/ar industry acceleration vr (virtualreality) refers to the simulation of computer technology to create a three-dimensional virtual world that provides visual, hearing, tactile, and other sensory simulations to users, who can use special input/output devices to run from the virtual world.
Ar (augmentedreality) is a technology that generates virtual scenes by calculating the location and angle of images in real time, which can be holographically projected, superimpose the virtual world with the real world on the mirror display, and the operator can interact with the device.
In the 5g era, high speed and low-time transmission properties are expected to significantly improve the user experience of vr/ar products.
According to transmission requirements, some of the vr/ar products use cable network connections to improve data transmission at the expense of their user experience. With the advent of 5g, the peak rate of wireless communication technology has been raised to 20gbit/s, which could theoretically be reduced to 1 ms, and it is hoped that the current vr/ar product will be cleared for data transfer applications.
Barriers that significantly enhance the user experience of the product, thus contributing to the maturity and development of the vr/ar market. 5g+Cloud Rendering apps that significantly enhance the performance of the vr/ar application, reduce hardware costs and help vr/ar spread. In traditional vr/ar applications, cpu, gpu numeracy limits, vr/ar terminal image rendering resolution only
2k-4k, typically a frame rate of 30fps-60fps, while under the 5g network, vr/ar can achieve cloud rendering, based on cloud ends, strong data storage and high-speed computing capacity, and vr/ar images can render up to 8k resolution, and achieve 120fps frame ratio, which, according to Nokia, can be calculated through the 5g network plus cloud end gpu cluster operation, which can reach the traditional 4g solution.
On the other hand, technologies such as margin calculations derived from the 5g era are also expected to bring about changes in the vr/ar industry.
The margin calculation is based on an evolutionary 5g architecture that combines the base station with the depth of Internet operations and meets the system’s demands for a variety of things, such as throughput, time delay, network scalability and intelligence. The traditional mobile communication network is a centralized processing mechanism, where data travel between the core network and the user terminal, and is delayed.
The margin calculation is located on the edge of the mobile communications network, which sinks data centre (core network) computing and storage capabilities, bringing it closer to user terminals, reducing physical time lags, reducing information exchange with central clouds, and lowering network loads, thus creating a telecommunications-level service environment with high performance, low delay and bandwidth.
In vr/ar, the introduction of margin computing means that the processing of big data, the rendering of graphics, etc. that would otherwise need to be done at the end can be migrated to the marginal computing network, where the terminal is responsible only for distributing and downloading content, services and applications to enable consumers to have a higher quality network experience.
Figure 47: The margin calculation map benefits from a 5g boost, and the vr/ar market is expected to grow at a high rate. With the 5g push, the current vr industry is moving into a high-speed development phase, where product patterns are basically shaped, user drawings are becoming clearer, and the vr industry at that stage has a high rate of growth.
With the advent of appliance products, it is hoped that market demand for vr products will be further stimulated, and that the application of the vr will be more abundant and inter-connected with mobile communication, media, education, etc., thus facilitating the start of high-speed industrial growth. According to the IBI and China Industrial Information Network, the global market will reach around 100 billion yuan in 2019.
The same-year growth rate was over 50 per cent, of which the market size of China ' s vr was about $31.02 billion, or 36.35 per cent, compared to the previous period.Ar industry is currently in the transition phase between market start-up and high-speed development, driven mainly by technological innovation and deployment expansion, with a strong technology dividend profile that is expected to attract more manufacturers in the future.
As the technology system matures, the industrial chain is structured and the product patterns and content platforms are enriched, it is expected that more scenes will come to an end, that the future ar will develop into a soft and hard-knit platform with a large pool of superior content, and that the markets will also enter a high-growth period. According to IBI and the China Industrial Information Network,
It is estimated that in 2019, the global market will be about 26,289 million yuan, with an increase of over 120 per cent in the same year. Of this, China’s market is about 1.64 billion yuan, an increase of over 160 per cent in the same year.vr/ar chains are now in initial shape, and with the rapid growth of the 5g-led market vr/ar
The industrial chain is expected to benefit fully. Among them, the hardware component upstream of the industrial chain of vr consists mainly of optical lenses, display panels, chips (master-controlled chips and sensors), and software components include system platforms (operational systems, api and apps), information processing tools (3d modelling and image rendering); and the hardware component in mid-stream includes display modules and modification mechanisms, etc., soft
This part includes the development of functions such as action capture, visual tracking and voice processing; downstream vr applications, including services such as various vr end products, vr content for technology/games/videos, and vr platform distribution.ar The hardware component of the upstream industrial chain consists mainly of optical equipment, display equipment, chips, sensors, etc., software department
The hardware component of the midstream includes 3dsensing, processor modules, display modules, etc. The software component includes the development of functions such as action capture, eye tracking and voice processing; the downstream component is mainly separate.
4.2. Precision card-level industry, leading the way in the vr/ar market growth company pre-positioned in the area of vr, starting with the deployment of vr hardware in 2012, which has accumulated a wealth of product production.
In the field of optical science, the company has developed a variety of technological programmes, which have created a complete optical “technique”. At present, the company can offer a wide range of vr optical solutions, such as non-spheric lenses, fennel lenses, diffractated optical components, as well as ongoing research and development inputs in the cutting edge of free curing, micro-showing, and so forth.
In the area of whole-office development, the company fully covers the vr industrial chain and has one-stop research year with vr head displays and related equipment, and Gore's mid-end vr product has already reached more than 70 per cent of the global market, with a prominent lead position; in the same time, the company is actively engaged in product R & D and technological innovation on the basis of full-time replacements, and at present the company is active in the vr field.
A wealth of hardware and software integration technology, combined with mature automation and precision manufacturing capabilities, can provide a one-stop solution in multiple forms of vr/ar head display, including optical, id, structure, electronic circuits, radio frequency and software-in-house design programmes, as well as an overall manufacturer of spare parts, molds, emulation, calibration, assembly and automation.
In addition, through strong vertical integration and system integration capabilities, companies can provide solutions for smart interactive products such as vr data gloves, game handles, outside-in tracking lighthouses, large vr externals. In 2017, companies co-published a new generation of vr & ar marketed United States company, kopin, and with a light hand-out.
And compact design won the Ces Innovation Award, and the company's market competitiveness in the area of whole-office development was prominent.
By virtue of its accumulated R & D and manufacturing advantages in the vr area, the company has entered into cooperative relationships with a large number of high-quality customers, and the market is prominent. The company has established long-standing cooperative relationships with the ocuulus, sony, and other well-known vr end products, such as ocuulusrift, sonypsvr. At the same time, the company has worked closely with Hightower in the vr area, in 2019, the company published it.
A reference design platform for vr, based on high-tech Vr special-purpose chip dragonxr1, integrates experience in the design and manufacture of the company vr whole-body and the strong computing power of the high-tech dragon chip to provide developers with a high-performance Vr One engine development environment and is expected to boost accelerated penetration of the vr product.
Figure 58: Sonypsvr Products has an active layout in the field of ar, and with the technological advantages accumulated in the field of avr and in the development of the entire machine, the public sector has a clear lead in the area of ar. Companies can provide an optical solution to the argular refractions, prism reflections, etc.
The company now has all-of-the-art waver lenses based on the diffraction raster, from nanopressure to molding to full process mass production. In 2018, the diffraction light wave component led the company's waveoptics and the company's light waver component.
The exclusive production partnership agreement for bulk production highlights the firm ' s deep accumulation in the ar optical component market and the rapid growth of the benefit ar terminal market, which is expected to be spearheaded by the company ' s active deployment of the ar terminal product, as shown in figure 60: Waveoptic light waved products.
In 2017, the company ' s participation in the United States company vr/ar, kopin, collaborated in 2018 to release the arhead golden-i-infinity, the company ' s magnetic self-sorting crash design and the ip67 level waterproofing programme, which significantly increased the reliability of gold-i-infinity and broadened the application of the ar products.
The company is expected to take the lead in the future with the rapid growth of the markets for its end-products.
Figure 62: Aarhead displays gold-i-infinity precision zero components: companies have core technology in the field of precision zero components, product line layout is perfect, product rotation is steady, market competitiveness is significant. They benefit from downstream smartphone markets for high-performance, high-reliability acoustic models.
The demand for the group, and the demand for the acoustic zero component in emerging markets, such as smart sound boxes, is expected to grow rapidly in terms of the value and output of the company's sophisticated zero component products, thus triggering a recovery in the size of the collection. The business is expected to grow in 2019-2021.
Intelligentity is advancing steadily, with adequate configuration of production capacity and a steady increase in the self-contained ratio of sophisticated parts and components, and client outreach is advancing steadily, with a significant market leadership. The rapid growth in the tws market has benefited from the company’s use of tws wireless headphones as its intellectual headphones, which are expected to continue to grow rapidly. The business is expected to grow in 2019-2021.
Smart hardware: In the field of smart hardware, the company first issues a bureau, in the area of smart watches, etc., the company has a sophisticated product design and sophisticated manufacturing level with one-stop solutions, which expands its high-quality customer resources. In the area of vr, the company is pre-positioned, the technology stock of the vr optical solution is very high, and the vr has advanced production experience.
Rich, one-stop R & D manufacturing capacity with vr head displays and related interactive equipment, accumulated high-quality client resources such as vr terminal head mills, which already account for more than 70 per cent of the global market and are well advanced; in the area of ar, the company is expected to take the lead in the development of optical programmes and whole machines, such as optical wave guidance.
The company's sophisticated zero components, smart acoustics and smart hardware markets, market dominance, competitive products, high quality of customer resources, are expected to benefit fully from smart phones, smart sound boxes, smart wearable devices and (total market value, collection data updated to October 23, 2019; except for Gore shares, crystal light power, the rest of the company's eps, pe data are from wind one)
1) Market demand is less than expected: if consumer electronics market demand is less than expected, the sale of corporate products may have an impact on the growth of corporate revenue. 2) The introduction of new products is less than expected: the degree of specialization in the development of sophisticated zero components, smart audio sets and smart hardware
Higher, some technical barriers, difficulties in technology development and high R & D investment, which may affect the size and speed of the company ' s core business if the new generation of products is not as advanced as expected. (2) Clients are unable to expand as expected: the slowdown in downstream demand has led to stable partnerships between companies and major clients
A change or a failure by the client to develop as expected could have a negative impact on the company ' s performance.