Autonomous Smart Network, three-wheel drive to seize the golden opportunity 04 November 2021 In-depth study/car
• Auto-intelligent network processes are accelerating. Gold opportunities are gaining ground in the break-down areas. Smart-net penetration continues to rise, bringing new opportunities in the electronics sector of automobiles. Disaggregated areas: 1) Automobile e/e architecture moves towards concentrated areas with an increased demand for controllers, which is expected to reach 13 million units worldwide in 2025.
Autopilot domain control space is expected to reach $1.98 billion: 2) Infiltration acceleration + product upgrading leads to a double-mass cost of a cabin product: the smart car company has taken the lead in creating three major business layouts for the smart cabin + smart driving + smart driving + smart cars.
The Unit is highly correlated with the trend of 300 depths, with the expected overperformance of the new energy vehicle, which is expected to lead to a return in the downstream car industry, and to benefit from the company ' s cabin product, while the cabin controller is expected to contribute to the growth in performance; and 2.) intelligent driving products and programmes are beginning to be released in public.
The area control product ipu03 has been produced with small p7 volume, ipu04 has been de-lined and is expected to be delivered in 2022; the area of adas is continuously released, and the parking product is expected to break through with full configuration + high compatibility; 3) the car network business is a company's long-term layout business, with additional support in short-term dimensions such as vehicle-mounted software, ota, etc.
The company is expected to enjoy long-term dividends by pre-positioning a vast web-based service market with long-term dimensions. Multiple giants are pouring into smart network areas, companies actively cooperate and compete without fear. 1) Cooperation: 100 degrees, British Weida, Jevon, Horizon, and Hua are excellent firms that have become corporate partners.
(ii) Competition: short-term technology giants are focused at the level of 14, with a limited impact on companies by “drawling eggs” but by the factors of capacity and certification cycles; in the long run, firms are expected to grow technological maturity, while taking advantage of the synergies of products and of downstream customers, without fear of competition.
The company is a leading supplier of the UINET Tier 1, deep-farming cabins and smart driving, with deep downstream customers accumulated.
Carsmart Networking is not moving as fast as expected: the downstream whole industry is not doing as expected: the industry’s competitive environment is deteriorating. Autosmart Networking is accelerating, and the sub-areas are approaching the golden opportunity.
The Chinese Auto-Engineering Institute issued a road map for energy-saving and new-energy automobile technology 2.0, which provides clear guidelines for the overall path of automobile development in China's smart-net network. In 2025, the number of cars sold on the network was more than 50 per cent for Pa and Ca, and 50 per cent for C-v2x terminals; in 2030, the proportion of new vehicles installed was more than 70 per cent for Pa and Ca levels, 20 per cent for Ha levels and almost universal for C-v2x terminals.
By 2035, China’s programme’s smart-networked motor vehicle system is expected to be better developed, with a wide range of high-voltaic motor vehicles moving across the network. Smart-connected car sales are on the rise as a whole, and the penetration rate is now more than 15% per month.
The overall share of Internet connection vehicle sales, though volatile, is still on the rise, with a 15.6 per cent end penetration rate measured in September, with more than 30 per cent of new energy vehicles in smart network cars, and a significant increase in fuel vehicles. We counted and split them according to power type.
There has been retail sales of smart network cars, of which the penetration rate of the new energy vehicle smart network has remained almost constant at over 30 per cent, and the overall upward trend of the fuel vehicle, though volatile, has been sustained, reaching 9.7 per cent in September 2021, providing a wide space for the new energy vehicle to advance the network. The penetration rate of the new energy vehicle has continued since 2021.
High, rising from 9.1% in December 2020 to 20.4% in September 2021. New energy sources in January-September 2021 sold 1.87 million vehicles, with a penetration rate of 13.6%, a significant increase from 5.9% in 2020. We believe that with the continued increase in the sale of new energy vehicles and rising penetration rates, it is possible to rely on the transformation of the electronic and electrical structure of new energy vehicles into smart network cars.
The 1.2 care/e architecture is gradually becoming centralized, leading to an increase in the need for domain controllers.
The process is accelerating, and the demand for vehicle carrying functions is increasing. The distributional architecture is subject to changes, such as the efficiency and cost of interactivity of information, and in the future electronic and electrical structures will gradually become centralized. The automobile industry generally divides the development of the entire electronic and electrical structure into six phases: modularization, functional integration, central domain controller, cross-domain integration, vehicle computers and zones.
Domain controller phase, "car-cloud" calculation phase. Currently, the electronic structure of automobiles is changing from a distributed to a centralized domain. The medium electronic structure of the domain collection uses domain controllers to control the large functional areas of cars. The information is interactively efficient and will reduce costs and energy consumption and promote motor smart network connectivity from the point of view of the basic hardware architecture.
Intelligent driving and smart seating are often a partial focus in e/e structures. The new power of car construction and the electric power of some of the traditional mainframe plants currently have car brands in the area of e/e architecture, and most of the firms include smart driving and smart seating within the focus layout. We believe that the concentration of electronic and electrical structures in vehicles is not possible at this time because of technological factors.
The transition to a centralized electronic structure with a centralized (cross) domain electronic structure will last for a longer period of time, with intelligent driving and intelligent airspace as the core dimensions of the smart network vehicle being the focus of the start-up and follow-on entrants.
Intelligent domain controllers: With domain controllers at the centre, integrate module electronics on a unified hardware and software platform. In the future, a body-based smart module will be based entirely on a single ecu domain control platform, incorporating products such as LCD meters, controlled multimedia, and co-pilot information entertainment. We believe that, due to the small volume of smart cabin production, the cost is relatively manageable, adding to the global network of automobiles 5g.
The application will speed up the intelligent cabin penetration process. According to the icvtank data, the number of shipments from the global smart cabin controllers was 400,000 in 2019, and the projected number of shipments from the global smart cabin controllers is expected to reach 13 million in 2025, and the number of cagrs is 78.6%. Auto/Auxiliary driving domain controllers: integrated perception, positioning, path planning, decision control, etc.
A camera, a millimetre wave radar, a laser radar, etc., with all the functions performed, including image recognition, data processing, etc., are still in the early stages of auto-drive, and driving controls are subject to such factors as technological maturity, most of which are traffic-car-car-loading products. The annual global market for adas domain controllers is only $400 million, with a total market size of approximately $1.98 billion in 2025, cagrda.
Figure 8: Size of the global autopilot domain controller market (in billions of United States dollars) is still in its early stages of development, with multiple major Tier1 suppliers distributed around the world. We have sorted out the current product profile of the major Tier1 suppliers in the intelligent cosmonaut and autopilot domain controllers.
The area is still in its early stages of development, more companies are involved, and technology and products are still being updated and developed. We believe that the drive downstream is accompanied by increasing intellectual and networking requirements for automobile products, which will accelerate the process of accompaniment of domain controller products.
Smart pods refer to the integration of intelligent and networked technologies, software and hardware that enable intelligent perception and intelligent decision-making in the cabin space through continuous learning and replication. The main components include car-borne information and entertainment systems, dashboards, head-up Hud, stream-back mirrors, back row multimedia displays, etc.
A cabin electronics vendor is located in the industrial chain and provides electronic car products. The automobile industry chain is more vertical: a car electronic parts manufacturer upstream, responsible for providing electronic parts such as car chips, modules, display panels, power semiconductors, etc.: a cabin electronics company is located in the car industry chain and is responsible for the development, production and manufacture of electronic vehicle functions and for the provision of electronic auto products; downstream enterprises are involved in the manufacture of electronics.
The company is the entire car manufacturer and is responsible for the development, integration and assembly of electronic car platforms, making individual car electronics a set of systems. Figure 10: The cabin product manufacturer is located in the industrial chain > the entire car manufacturer
- Car-car multimedia monitor.
- The rear-view mirrors.
Intelligent cabins are more functional than traditional cabins, which optimize the driver's experience. Traditional cabin information and function fragmentation, ui design are old, which makes pilots less experienced. Smart cabins are predominantly electronic.
Function and services such as position recognition, high clearance display, active security alert, real-time navigation online information entertainment, emergency rescue, etc.
Original product categories Mechanical dashboard plus displays from mechanized to informative, intelligent; from
The alarm function is shown to have only the necessary car information to a rich and colourful feature; no more diversified vehicle information and services will be provided
Displaying in liquid crystals; displaying vehicle information in a more comprehensive and informative manner, giving drivers a better understanding of the original of the vehicle, from nothing to nothing, displaying information on navigation, road conditions, etc., the future.
Hud may present a physical reflection to an electronic display in a way that helps the driver more.
Back-view mirrors, media rear-view mirrors, a lot of post-car information gathering; it also boosts driving experience.
To give passengers a more diverse choice, so that the car, the back seat, the entertainment system, is no longer just a means of transportation, and the passenger's body is upgraded.
The number of screens in the future is expected to increase continuously, along with the driver’s need for driving experience upgrades. According to ihs, 99% of screens and less than 1% of screens and 3 screens in 2020 are expected to accelerate penetration in the future, rising to 19% of screens and above by 2030.
The smart module will gradually turn the central control information system, instrumentation, Hud, streaming media rearview mirrors and car network modules into a complete solution, supporting multiple screen integration operations through one chip, reducing the number of redundant eou, and thus increasing the efficiency of information interactions. Product development will result in an increase in the value of the bicycles.
The value of the information and entertainment system is within $500 and $1,500, respectively, and amounts to less than $2,000; according to the data from the icvtank, the value of products in the front seat of the smart cabin, back seat controls, LCD dashboards, Hud, streaming media rearview mirrors, voice control etc. in 2020 was approximately 1500, 1500, 3,500, 1700, 850, 100-300, respectively.
According to icvtank data, the penetration rate of future major products in the smart cabin is expected to increase, with current penetration scores for products such as front, back, LCD, Hud, and back-view mirrors.
The market space for major smart class products, such as transistors, hud, stream media rearview mirrors, is expected to reach $37.540 billion and $2.63 billion, respectively, to move automatically to the core vector of driving, open up the L2+ growth space, say update driving automation standards, and make clear the difference between authority and responsibility. The American Society of Automotive Engineers (sae)
On 30 September, Sae made an important update to the Auto-Sae Driver Classification, naming the lo-l2 level system as the “Driver Support System” and the l3-l5 level as the “Automated Driver System”, and further clarifying the distinction between the sael level 3 and sael level 4, which includes: the role of the backup user, the possibility of the sael level 3 automatic fallback, and the issuing of a police call to the inside user at sael level 4.