Desai Siwei (002920) Smart re-engineering, car industry chain, company competitiveness ahead of Desai Si Wei
The company has a German genetic and state-owned background, which is at the forefront of the country's Tier1. The company has inherited German genetics and then transformed itself into a state-owned enterprise, with a strong equity structure and a prominent national background, and the employee company is one of the leading international automobile electronics companies, and it's smart.
Networking technology is an active promoter. Desai Sewy is focused on a high proportion of shares. In recent years, the company has expanded its products from a cabin to a pilot, an intelligent network, and has accumulated a large amount of seamless integration of people, machines and lifestyles to drive intelligently.
The company has the highest share of product sales, car-borne entertainment, and an absolute share of domestic sales. In terms of current conditions, driving, intelligent driving, and car-networking technologies provide innovation, the company has the advantage in terms of product layout, customer accumulation, operating efficiency, collection, etc.
Smart, competitive product solutions and services. The indigenous Tier 1 front line, but there is still a big gap between the indigenous Tier 1 and the global Tier1.
In the era of capacity, the entire car factory gradually began to work with upstream chips, algorithms, even self-research chips, algorithms, operating systems, the traditional industry chain model was broken, and the giant Tier1 survival space was squeezed.
On the other hand, smartness has created new incremental spaces, smart cabins, cabin smartness, multiple screens, big screens, high e-car value, and with the rising penetration of cabin products, it is expected that the country will be able to drive automatically, domestic and international auto-drive laws and regulations will be enacted, and industry will progress steadily.
Not to mention Germany’s approval of Benz L3 autopilots for the start of a new era of autopilots. At this point, my country’s volume-producing autopilots are now permeating from one-two to one-three, with the 20-30-year automatic driving market having a 22-per-cent annual compound growth rate.
In the process of intelligent motorization, smart cabins and intelligent driving patterns are not formed, making them an opportunity to break through the national product. In the case of smart pods, the domestic and foreign cabin markets of the combustion engine era are from the mainland, Weibo, Bo, etc.
The foreign Tier 1 is dominated by the smart car age, which is represented by the domestic Tier 1 Dragon Desaiway in many areas such as information and entertainment systems (with screens and 10 inches plus), controlled multimedia master systems, full-size LCD tables, and based on this, the national Tier 1 is represented by Desai.
On autopilot, with autopilot controls as a competitive point, the entire factory, technology enterprise, home-grown third-party Tier 1 and overseas Tier 1 are competing, and the domestic Tier 1, represented by Dessaïves, is still competitive. From the point of view of the competitiveness of the enterprise, Dessaï is still competitive.
With a commitment to improving product lines, working with clients to continue to evolve, and working with industry chains to build autopilot domain controllers, it is hoped that the opportunities will be captured in the age of car intelligence. The barriers to accumulation will be created, and companies will be expected to drive the information display system, autopilot domain controllers, and others.
The boom in the adas has accelerated growth, covering, for the first time, a “recommended” rating. And expected; the adas product has not progressed as expected.
E.C.E.S.S.A.R. (002920). Smartly reconstructed the entire industrial chain, and corporate competitiveness changed to the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The German company, which manufactures genes & native background, is solid, and is in the top of the country's Tier 1, 1.1 German genetics & state-owned background on the company's development of the background.
The company inherited Germany’s gene creation, then converted to a state-owned enterprise: 1986-2001 was the beginning phase of the company’s start-up phase, in which several equity adjustments were made, with Philips, Manesmanwedio, Siemens holding the company’s equity, and began to develop car sound for the domestic market;
In 2019, Germany’s antennae company was acquired to prepare for the launch of the network’s operations. Figure 1: Corporate development history. Corporate equity structures are strong and country-owned, with a high shareholding ratio conducive to the binding of employee and corporate interests.
The company has 29.73% and 28.6% of its shares, in which the State Council of Huixiang has a prominent position.
1.2 The company has a high proportion of car-borne entertainment systems, expanding to driving areas, smart networks, the highest proportion of car-borne entertainment systems, and an absolute share of domestic sales.
In recent years, the company's products have expanded from the cabin to the driver's domain, the smart network network and accumulated a large number of garage customers. In 2017, the company set up an information and entertainment system and air-conditioning controllers, display modules and systems, liquid crystal meters, a fully automated parking system in the driver's area; and in 2018, based on the original product, a new smart cabin product, as well as a t-box, 360-degree high clairvoyant system in the driver's field, a driver's detection system, and an automated driving system.
Area controllers, millimetre-wave radars, v2x products: In 2019, a new car-level ota, car-networking platforms, web-connected software systems were added; in 2020, an entire car-level network security was increased in the smart-networked area. The company accumulated a fleet of Toyota, Walle, Gilly, etc. customers in driving domain products, and acquired solar factory orders in the smart network era.
1.3 There is a gap between the local Tier1 and the global giants, where companies account for a larger share of the global Tier1 industry, where local firms still have some bright spots. Boxers, mainlanders, and Weiselton are among the top car manufacturers in the global ranking. Automobile electronics are highly structured and globally covered. In the domestic electronics market, the global Tier 1 leads with brands and brands.
In recent years, the local Tier 1 de Saiwei, the Huayang group and others have also grown up with the rise of the local car factory, and the range of products has increased considerably. In terms of profits, the domestic Tier 1 sector has also seen more than $5 billion in collections, more than $10 billion in companies, and more than $500 million in net profits.
Table 2: Comparison of domestic and foreign Tier 1 manufacturer ' s product layout
Dessehway is in the top position of a comparable company in terms of the size of the R & D costs. We have chosen five more similar companies, with a concentration on cabins, autopilots, and cyberlinks. In the last three years, the cost of R & D has been in the top two places, with an average of 2,301 million yuan in 2020 and 701 million yuan in Dessahewy.
In 2020, the share of longitude R & D costs was 14.21 per cent and 10.31 per cent in Texas. Figure 7: Comparison of domestic Tier 1 R & D costs and their share of revenue (in millions)
The company’s annual total asset turnover rate is 0.98, ranking first among five companies, indicating that the company’s total asset turnover is fast and its sales capacity is strong. The company’s current asset turnover rate is 1.31, ranking second among the five companies, indicating that it is the second largest.
The efficiency of the use of the company ' s current assets is better. The annual turnover rate of the company ' s accounts receivable is only lower than the average electronic rate of 3.98, with a shorter period of time and faster recovery of the accounts receivable. The annual turnover rate of the company ' s inventory is 6.31 times, and only 7.20 times less than the average electronic rate of the five companies, indicating a faster turnaround of the company ' s inventory and a lower level of inventory occupancy.
Intelligent change squeezes the foreign giant, Tier1, which brings in an increment of the cabin and driving area, and under the trend of changes in the industrial chain, the foreign giant, Tier 1, is being squeezed, the industrial chain of the autopilot era is being significantly changed, and the foreign giant, Tier1, is being squeezed. In the autopilot age, the giant, Tier 1, is being held on the bottom board.
And the advantage accumulated by the adas is the impact of the whole factory's claim to control the industrial chain, and the whole factory is starting to work with upstream chips, algorithms, and even self-researching chips, algorithms, operating systems.
Table 5: The dilemma faced by Big Tier 1 2.2 Smart Classes: Smartness leads to an increase in the volume of product in the single-car class.
2.2.1 Intelligent, multiscreen, big screen-driven car electronics are valued and new smart applications are emerging in a new generation of smart pods to meet consumer comfort, intelligence and digitization needs. At the hardware level, smart cabins include display screens, entertainment systems, car network systems, vehicle control systems, etc.; at the software level, smart pods cover speech recognition, visualization.
Figure 8: An overview of the smart cabin, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Multiple changes in hardware have improved the demonstration experience, the level of intelligence and the increase in the number of components have driven the growth in the value of bicycles. The traditional mechanical instrumentation and alarm displays have evolved into centralized information systems that can be shared in the cabin, and the individual innovation of mechanical instrumentation has developed into LCD instruments for drivers only. The use of monitors has made information interactive and intelligent. Hud and back-office entertainment systems are innovations from nothing.
The former makes navigation and road conditions more visible, while the latter significantly improves the passenger experience. The rear-view mirrors are turned into the back-view mirrors of the stream media, turning the application of physical reflection into electronic displays that make sense clearer.
The growth of Eastern financial and intellectual resources, with multiple screens and big screens becoming new models for smart cars, and the increase in the number and resolution of screens has led to a rise in the value of bicycles. The global smart car LCD showed a combined growth rate of 13.9% in 2013-19, compared to a 1.5% increase in global car sales in the same period, which is reflected in micro-levels.
The number of bicycle screens has continued to rise from 0.8 in 2013 to 1.8 in 2019. Moreover, from the size of the screen, the 10-inch and above large screen information and entertainment system has become an important segmented incremental market, with 5.7345 million new cars in 20 years, or 65.71% of the total. Since Tesla created the medium-controlled trend, major manufacturers have been running large screens in the mainstream, and the average size of the screens has been rising.
Figure 10: The number of bicycle screens continues to rise, and the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is Xi Xiaoying, especially when the 737 model was introduced.
A 16-inch Internet version of the screen was produced.
The big screen should follow Tesla's philosophy and have all the functions, with only a few entity buttons below the screen. The big screen 15.6 inches fits well.
2.2.2 Industry capacity is expected to increase significantly in terms of global penetration. With a significant increase in penetration, the size of the domestic smart cabin market is expected to expand from $44.11 billion in 2019.
According to the icvtank data, the penetration rate of the main product of the smart cabin will increase significantly in the future. In the process of accelerated motor connection, intelligence figures 13: Classification of the penetration of the smart cabin product, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
2.3 Autopilots: Industry 1 2 has been applied on a scale and 1 3 is expected to be rapidly growing by 2.3.1 from macro to micro, with autopilots increasing in size and vehicle value ila1-l2 to replace body motion, with more than 1.3 having autonomous information processing capabilities.
The American Society of Motor Engineers standards allow automatic driving to be broken down into a range of 120-l5. Phase zero, vehicles have no auxiliary functions; phase 1/l2, vehicles can provide driving to the steering wheel and one of the speed-reducing engines; phase 3, vehicles are required to perform the majority of driving operations, drivers are required to maintain their attention in case of need, and this phase begins to have an autonomous information processing capability; phase 4, vehicles are required to complete all driving exercises.
The driver does not have to keep an eye out, but limits the road and environmental conditions; phase I5, the vehicle completes all driving operations and the driver does not have to keep an eye out.
All the scenes are fully automated and are currently in the process of penetration from one-two to one-three, with the global autopilot market expected to rise from $50 billion in 2020 to 2025.
80 billion dollars, or 10% of the composite growth rate. By 2020, the world was in a fast-growing phase of high-level L2 auxiliary driving, starting in 2020, and our autopilot levels are now permeating from 12 to 13, with a combined annual growth rate of 22% in the size of the autopilot market in 20-30 years. Our autopilots achieved a penetration rate of 15% in 21 years, and L3 is also approaching the production year.
The ratio will reach 50/70%, and in 2030 it will be 20%. The automatic driving market is expected to reach 400 billion in 2025, close to 100 billion in 2030, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Table 8: China’s universal use of car sales and autopilot penetration rates of l2 to the level of l3 or higher will result in a significant increase in the value of a bicycle. For example, phase 1 has a total value of approximately $100-500, phase 2 is about $500-800, and phase 3 is about $1500-2000.
Dollars, 14/l5 approximately $4000-$10,000. The value of a single vehicle increased exponentially from the level of l1l2 to 13 and above. Figure 18: Higher levels of autopilot will bring a higher value of adas and 2.3.2 area controllers to set up autopilot algorithms.
As new technologies such as electric technology, autopilot, etc. swept through the industry, the traditional distributed e/e architecture was challenged to evolve into a domain controller structure and a central computing structure. The traditional e/e structure was hit by two waves in the automobile industry: the first was a plug-in hybrid vehicle, the first was a car and a pure electric car, and the introduction of the three electrical systems increased the complexity of the e/e structure; the second was the emergence of a smart cabin and autopilot.
On the basis of this, the traditional distributed e/e structure has a tendency to move towards centralized structures such as domain structures, central computing structures. Figure 19: Electronic and electrical structures evolve from distributed to centralized structures
There is now widespread recognition in the industry of the classic five domains divided by Bo, which are the most important areas of control of the 193. The five areas divided by Bo are dynamic, bottom, cabin, autopilot and vehicle, power area responsible optimization and control, bottom field technological thresholds, including.
Moving, moving, steering and braking. The airspace is responsible for integrating LCD dashboards, control screens, vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems. The technical threshold is low. It is expected to be further integrated into the smart cabin. The autopilot area integration, positioning, path planning, decision-making control, etc., is one of the most demanding areas of 1.3, with multiple cameras, millimetre wave radars, laser radars, etc., and the completed functions include image recognition, data processing, follow-up.
As automatic driving class and penetration rises, the market for autopilot domain controllers will rise. Autopilot domain controllers are an arithmetic support for autopilot applications, and will expand as automatic driving levels and penetration rises in market size.
The global market for adas domain controllers was only $400 million in 2019, with a total market size of approximately $1.98 billion in 2025.
2.3.3 The introduction of domestic and foreign autopilot laws and regulations and the steady development of the industry have led to the introduction of autopilot regulations, and Germany has opened a new era with the approval of Benz L3 level autopilots. In 2020, the United Nations adopted three important regulations on information security, software upgrades, and automated driveway maintenance systems, according to which the German Federal Automotive Transport Authority considered Benz to be a Mercedes.
The U.S. began to speed up the deployment of smart transportation systems (its) according to its strategic plan and proposed av4.0 plan to promote automatic driving. Japan offered to expand automated driving services, which require remote monitoring, to 40 regions, and set safety standards for automatic driving by law. The EU plans to achieve self-pilot on the highway by 2020.
Drive, enter a fully autopilot society in 2030, and prepare for L3/l4 autopilot mass production. Korea is the world’s first country to set safety standards and commercialize standards for L3 autopilots.
In recent years, China has introduced a series of laws and regulations to promote auto-drive and smart cars. China ' s 2015 Manufacturing 2025 included smart Internet cars as a ten-year priority, planning for 2016 to achieve full auto-drive by 2025, defining the overall objectives of the powerful country in 2017, establishing a smart-networked car standard system and explicitly supporting the development of key technologies, clarifying road test management regulations in 2018, and establishing a car network.
The action plan for industrial development, in 2020, while defining a future industrial development strategy for smart cars, identified the vehicle application scenario for 2025/030, and provided guidance on the implementation of the l3+ autopilot.
DESSEWAY (002920): Smart re-engineering of the car industry chain, leading to a change in corporate competitiveness, i.e., intellectualization brings industrial opportunities, and local tier1 is expected to rise slowly, and 3.1 smartness offers rise opportunities for national product tier1
In a wave of change, the country’s tier1 faces opportunities. In a car-smart drive, domestic suppliers rely on product upgrades, new business expansions, or tied giants to take the lead in this change. In an environment where the traditional tier 1 giants hold the chassis, the three electric systems are controlled by the company itself, the smart pods and the smart driver’s domain become a good opportunity for the country’s product, Tier 1.
3.2 Smart Section: The local Tier1, represented by Desai, is excellent in the area of disaggregation and is expected to continue to expand its advantages The internal combustion age, where the domestic and foreign cabin markets are dominated by the mainland, Wei Shito, Bo, etc. Tier 1, whose domestic company faces alternative opportunities in the case of smart cars. In 2020, China ' s new car information and entertainment system (with screen and 10 inches +) was installed in two categories, the Desai Siwei market.
In the first half of 20 years, the share of the controlled multimedia master system and the full-size LCD instrument were marketed by Desai Siwei, the first and fifth sources of financial prosperity in the East. In 20 years, the overall market share in the domestic smart cabin was 17%, compared to 10% in 19 years.
3.3 Autopilots: with domain controllers, Desai is the uppermost of the local Tier1 competition, including the entire car factory, the technology firm, the indigenous third party Tier1 and the overseas Tier1 as the home Tier1 company with the value of the chain. In terms of value of the chain, Desai allows the chip to be transmitted more smoothly to the entire chain of the factory, accelerating the delivery of the chip product on the one hand, and the other on the other.
In terms of value, product safety, financial growth and stability in the East will increase significantly, with economies of scale and higher value.
From the point of view of the four major competitors, companies can remain competitive, despite fierce competition, and the mainframe: in the short and medium term, it has to draw on the industry’s experienced tradition of tier1 (Kownhow) to pursue a higher self-research ratio.
In the long run, apart from some of the new power of head mainframes and typographically powerful car-making, it is unrealistic for most of the mainframes to bypass Tier1 because third-party Tier1 can cover multiple mainframes simultaneously, gain clear cost and supply chain advantages, and achieve faster rotations.
Science and technology enterprises: The increase in the digital content of automobile R & D manufacturing, the entry of technology firms as common hardware, basic software, and application platforms, while the domestic market is not currently short of a full-scale car factory, while Tier1 is weak, so that technology and technology enterprises are more well positioned in this sector. For example, in China, smart cars have been created to collaborate with car companies in the deployment of technology and application ecology.
On the one hand, there are disadvantages to car factories, for example, that affect the independence and strengthening of their brands, and that do not allow them to build up core technological advantages. When other local tier 1:2021-22 mainframes choose ecology, Tier 1 needs to be recognized by the mainframe to enter the system, and now, after 2023, only Desai and Yin Weida have signed contracts in the mainland region.
Overseas Tier1: With the trend towards motor intelligence, the gap between Desai and the foreign Tier 1 has narrowed, breaking time-long collaboration, control, three power advantages; Desai has a small gap between a few products and overseas, the chip has become a neck link, and the core capacity of Tier1 has been integrated from the pantry to the custom development gap. The trend and epidemic has increased the flexibility of local services.
Figure 27: Four major categories of players: Global Autopilot Area Control 4. Refinement of product lines, continuous rotation, industrial chain collaboration to build core corporate competitiveness.
In the case of smart car Ivi, the company has a platform for car-borne entertainment and collaborates with Quantico, Texas equipment, nxp, etc.; the vehicle-based display is a virtual car instrument r2 platform with Chinese technology.
The virtual car instrument R2 platform is a partner, and the smart car iv has been used in a number of car factories and models, such as the Volkswagen, Toyota, Jili, etc. The vehicle displays multiple screen interactions with the smart cockpit 3.0 platform in the area of systems, including integrated control panels, with Blackberry qnx partners, customers and applicable models, including long cs75plus, ideal one, skyme7.
Control panels and cores, algorithmic self-research, and use of a customer's vehicle type, including a mass gas, a wide-air vehicle, etc. Other types of products include a vehicle-mounted wireless fast-loading, working with opo. The company is a small number of manufacturers in the country that launch a cabin controller, and the products are attached to Chiriho. Foreign manufacturers include Weishito, Ambofo, Bu.
Grainbirds, Celeste, Boss, electrics, mainlands, Mitsubishis, etc. have been introduced, collaborating with Hightower, Intel, Texas instruments, Risa, Tetsu, etc., and are on board the Big Air, the Great Wall, Audi, Ferrari, General Fulbert. On the domestic front, East Soft and Wise launched C4-alfus in 2016 on Gilly and Chiri. Desai and Texas instruments have partnered with Hightoon to launch a smart cabin in 2020.
Domain controller r-car, on top of Chirry Tiger 8pus.
General, Ford
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
c4-alfus Gilly, Chirre, integrated car sound electronic platform iip
Hightower, Risa, Chirary Tiger 8pus, Desecway.
Smart space controller r-car Hightower, Qingzhou instrument tri-flag communications, English-Ca-Technology
In the area of autopilot, the company has four models: ipu01, ipu02, ipu03, ipu04. The company ' s autopilot control has already introduced four units, ipu01 is set to autopilot level 1 and meets low-speed loop, parking-related functions and high-speed acc requirements; ipu02 is set to autopilot level 122, which caters for surrogate parking, high-speed cruises, etc., and delivers to jili, upper gas, long-city, wide-air, high-speed traffic, etc.
The customer is expected to cooperate with ideals, pelicans, upper steam, etc. In addition to domain controllers, the company also provides sensors and algorithm-side adas products.
Da, Ultrasound Radar, v2x, Maps; algorithms include dms, 360 rings, parking aids, partial high-speed autopilot algorithms, with low speed algorithms such as avp as the main layout direction. As a result, the sensor-side 77ghz Corner Radar has been produced, the former radar is located in the main domestic vehicle plant, the camera has accumulated nearly tens of thousands of items, t-box mass product, c-v2x in the joint-venture vehicle type, and 5g-v2x has been developed in collaboration with multiple car factories.
A proxy parking product, measured by algorithms, is about to be produced in a number of mainstream garage customers’ new models, integrated into high- and low-speed ASA driving piloted, and the entire automated parking system has been identified by the Guangdong Electronic Information Industry Association as the leading technology in the country.
Dms (drivers conduct control system), passenger parking products are about to be packaged to the new model of multiple mainstream car factories 360 spectroscopes, parking aids, part of the high speed.
Production; integration of high- and low-speed ASA pilots; full automated parking system driving algorithms and low-speed calculations such as avp were identified by the Guangdong Electronic Information Industry Association as leading technology in the country
The law, as the main layout direction, is 4.2 customer-centred and continuous, creating a scale effect.
In Japan, the company has a client, Toyota, a car-borne entertainment information system, in Cars such as Camery, Lehling, Carola and Handa, and entertainment, navigation, etc., and other vehicles such as Alexe and Handa. In autonomous branding, the company's mainframe, screen and air conditioning controls.
In response to the needs of clients in the smart age, the company launched a four-screen interactive product, which uses a four-screen dual system, with four screens, respectively: "Middle-controlled + side-drive + digital instrument screens + functional control screens" and two-systems.
In addition, the company ' s dual screen product is suitable for the long Ancs75plus model, and is also closed by figure 28: Four-screen interactive products (820a) on the ideal one.
In the area of autopilot, the company smart-driving domain controllers have been running four generations of products successively, and are now ranked first in volume. According to a list issued by the Institute of High Skilled Smart Motors, the database of pre-loading and mass-production projects is used as a basic evaluation indicator.
Models, capital strength, R & D capacity, business ability, industry influence, growth potential, six level-I indicators are evaluated together, and Desaiway is ranked first in total among smart drivers, national producers of control vehicles, and first in number in volume.Auto-driving domains, companies are moving forward in the ATM product category and market share, with a full view (vm) city ranking.
Second, full automatic assistive parking (apa) is the fourth largest city. As you can see above, the company has been expanding its product on autopilot algorithms, covering the categories of dms, panoramic (avm), fully automated assistive parking (apa), partial high-speed automatic driving algorithms.
According to data from high-tech smart cars, the number of new vehicles on board in the pre-2020q1 loading market is 32.42 million, compared to 10.53% for pre-loading. The share of domestic autonomous and joint branded vehicles in 2020q1 is over 90% for Bo, Fareo, Tte, and 2% for the company.
Figure 30: Market share of 2020q1 China avm
Autopilot chip manufacturers can be classified into three categories, with Anglo-Vidal, Hightower, and industry leading. Autopilots are divided into three categories: The first group can provide a high-value open platform, mainly British-Weeda, Hightower, which builds a single hardware structure for cars, tables, cloud-top gpu, and has a clear pre-emptive advantage. High-line autopilot chips are more expensive, and there is a clear synergy between the masters of the cockpit, which is also in a weak software ecology.
Category I: Class II: traditional car semiconductor giants, including Risa, Englishman, Engjipur, Texas instruments, Ixis semiconductor, etc.; Category III: manufacturers with self-researching artificial intelligence asic chips, mainly in Tesla, Mobileye, home-grown horizons, black sesame.
De Ceciway (002920). Smartly reconstructed the entire industrial chain, and corporate competitiveness changed in the form of ipu03, which used the British Weldaxavier chip, which is attached to Pap 7. In terms of the collaborative approach, Weida provided the chip and technical support, De Seciway was responsible for hardware patterns and bottom software for the domain controllers, and Ping was responsible for the development of automatic driving algorithms for sensors and decision-making layers.
Dudley's computer platform development board is provided to Desai, and the development of board principles is also provided to Desai. Desai adapts the public version to demand, and produces hardware equipment-driven software accordingly. Little Ping prepares and updates hardware application algorithms on the basis of the product that Desai provides. ipu04 uses the Inveldaorin chip to work strategically with the ideal vehicle.
In September 2021, Desaiway announced that the first line board with orinx was to be lined off at the Henan Smart Factory. Desaiway revealed that ipu04 would be the fastest in the country next June.
In the second half of next year, we will be able to achieve a further two vehicle-type production products.
Soft, the company is expected to grow faster in driving the information display system, with auto-pilot domain controllers and adas producing highs, with a “recommended” rating for the first time covered. Driving information shows that the system is not moving as fast as expected; auto-driving domain controller customers are pushing as fast as expected; and adas products are not moving as expected.
E.C.S.I.E.L.R.A.R.E.S.R.
The East’s financial and intellectual boom, medical informatization, industrial software, big data, smart network cars, visual industries, material networking applications 5g, financial technology and digital money, etc., pursues the value-creation philosophy of industrial research.
Research Assistant Profile Research Assistant: Jang Young-ja
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Desecway (002920). Smartly reconstructing the entire industrial chain, the firm’s competitiveness is changing quickly, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.