The smart cockpit tap, the domain controller drives back and forth again, the Dreswig (002920.sz) smart cockpit taps, the autopilot domain controllers grow to the second growth pole.
Desaiway is the leader in the domestic car smart cabin, driven by intelligent upgrades such as big screens, multiscreens, and domain concentration. Meanwhile, the company’s forward-looking autopilot controls are starting their harvest period, and the L3-level autopilot controls, developed in collaboration with Inveda, are starting to yield.
Phase 2022 is the year of mass delivery of numerous L3-level autopilot models. Under the industry logic of "hardware pre-burial, software upgrade," the domain controller drives faster growth. Given the company’s domain controller’s edifice age of smart cars, "hardware preburst, software upgrades, domain controllers are ready to go.
The implementation of the software billing model has led the entire car factory to "hardware pre-drawn, software upgrades," and high-end cars have opened an arithmetic arms race. With super high chip computing, perfect tool chains, and a wealth of production experience, British Weddge has become the preferred option for auto-drive models for cars with class 1 and above.
In 2022, a fleet of vehicles, such as t7, tweedl7, idealx01, upper gasres33, will be launched. Accompanied with a high arithmetic autodrive chip will require a very high degree of hardware and software fit and volume capacity, and a generation of chips will take more than a year to develop.
In the meantime, the company, as the only strategic partner in the country, will enjoy the pre-eminence advantage of the pre-eminence.
The value of the bicycles continues to rise, and it continues to grow in reverse against the backdrop of industry's lack of cores and declining sales. Smart and l2+ intelligent driving penetration rates continue to grow rapidly, with the recognition of autonomous front brand clients; and rapid upswings when the new generation of vehicle types are delivered on board.
The "brain" of smart cars, which will be branded as smart cars in the future, will also drive the company to fly again.
Queue, Accelerating Growth of Smart Driving Cores.
The company’s predecessor dates back to the soundy old Philips, and the global auto parts giant, Siemens Widio, and has evolved into an electronic supplier of automobiles with a combination of overseas genes and indigenous advantages since 2010, when the State Finance Committee of Huixhu City held the shares. The company’s business focuses on three major areas: smart driving, smart cockpit, and car networking, with products from traditional cars.
With sound product layouts, forward-looking technological reserves, and excellent quality and efficiency controls, companies are favored by users of Euro-American, Japanese, autonomous, and new power mainstream cars.
As a result, global car sales fell by 14.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and Chinese car sales by 6 per cent on a year-on-year basis. However, companies are showing high growth rates, driven by the rise of autonomous brand customers, intelligent upgrades and new product sales, and by a reverse income growth of 27.39 per cent.
1.1 The company’s predecessor can be traced back to the central European electricity that was created in 1986 by Philips, Hong Kong’s Golden Hills and Hyezhou Industrial Development Corporation.
Sub-Industrial Corporation, which has been processing materials mainly since then, and exporting electronic automobiles. From 1999 to 2001, the shareholders in the company became Siemens Widio, Siemens Wiedeo, the main engine system, Carborne Information Recreation System, etc., and earned €9.6 billion in 2005, the third largest industry in Siemens at the time.
During this period, the company took over the excellent management and production culture of Siemens and Wiedeo, led by ceo Chen Chunxing, which led to the rapid development of its operations and the establishment of a highly qualified research and development and management team, which developed good partnerships with both time and international giants such as Bosch.
By buying 70% of foreign holdings, creating Desai Siwei, the company became the leading supplier of electronic automobiles in the capital of the State Treasury of Huixiang City, which combines the genes and indigenous advantages of excellent companies abroad. Figure 1: Carrying on the class floors of overseas companies, carrying the genetic excellence of giants like Siemens.
The core team is stable, with a large proportion of the workforce holding shares and a continuing incentive to bind the interests of its members. The company’s top management team basically joined the company in about 2012, and the core R & D staff have been in possession of hundreds of patents since Siemens’ controlling period. A robust management and technology team has ensured the stability and core skills of the company’s strategy.
Since the company was listed, the interests of the employee and the company have been deeply tied up on the stock market. By the first half of 2021, the company ' s five employee holding platforms held 14.8% of the company ' s shares. In addition, in August 2021, the company launched a new equity incentive scheme to award 1% of the total equity share to top managers and top-performing technology.
Incentives for a total of 948 professional cadres (4,296 employees in 2020), the scope of the incentive is wide and will further motivate the workforce.
1.2. Strategic clarity, precise management of changes in industry. Strategic clarity, focusing on three main areas: smart pods, smart drivers, and web services. Companies are the backbone of traditional information and entertainment systems, and in recent years the penetration rate of traditional controlled products, such as cd, radios, air conditioning controllers, etc., has saturated.
And quickly replaced by integrated big screens, multiscreen compartments, and intelligent driving has developed like fire. The company, with its keen sense of smell, set up a smart driving support unit in 2016, in the areas of layout perception, decision-making, control, forward-looking development of low-speed parking, driveway maintenance, etc., while jointly carrying out a level 3 auto-drive with the garage.
Research and development of driving technology. In 2017, the concept of a smart cabin was introduced to create products that integrate control, instrumentation, body control, and deploy the next generation of domain controllers. Since 2018, the company's business has been focused on three main directions.
Intelligent driving: 360 loops covering low-speed intelligent driving scenes, fully automated parking, high-speed smart-driving domain controllers, sensors, etc. Soft and hardware solutions. Network services (included in other operations): products such as Ota, network security, Blue Whale OS 3.0 terminal software are mainly available.
The impact is beginning to be felt, and the company’s multiscreen module is now in the range of vehicles, the Great Wall, the Chang An, the Chirre, the ideal car, the Skycar, and so on, and it's perfect to take on the upgrading of demand in the market.
In 2018, the company and Peng and Yin Weidah jointly developed an ipu03 area controller on a p7-type ipu03, which became the only volume in the market to carry an autopilot control level of 1.3 on the Investaxavier chip. In just a few years, the smart driving function became almost a flagship model, and the company accumulated.
It's a unique pre-emptive advantage. The company's management has been able to grasp the changes in the industry, and most of the judgment of industry trends will be sufficient to deliver in a few years to become a powerful driver of corporate development.
Figure 4: The first smart-driving domain controller takes the lead in producing 1.3, smart-driving and domain controllers on Little Pap 7 and is expected to lead the company back on track again after a brief adjustment in 2018 and 2019, with intelligent driving and domain controllers behind the cockpit.
For the first time in 28 years in 2018, China’s passenger car market fell, with auto zero parts generally under pressure, and the company’s revenue fell by 10.01% that year. In 2019, the volume of national passenger car sales fell again by 9.6%, as companies began to fall steadily to the ideal, high-value intelligent driving by companies like Chang An.
In the second half of 2019, when the product of the cabin was developed, the performance rebounded. Since then, the company has continued to acquire new smart seating orders and has begun to acquire large numbers of adas projects, such as guest parking. In the context of the epidemic and the impact of the lack of a core, the country was sold in the first half of 2021.
The volume fell again by 6.0%, but the company has moved away from the effects of overall car sales, with the high growth of the cabin operations and the growth of intelligent driving operations starting to grow at 44% and 188%, respectively. With the rapid roll-out of Pap7 and p5 and the L3 autopilot model in 2022, smart driving products such as the company domain controllers will start to grow.
The company's performance is expected to take off again at a peak of order landings and the continuous penetration of excess cabin products. Figure 7: High growth of smart coaches and smart drivers in the income section, respectively, Figure 8: High growth of operations in the first half of 2021
Industry intelligence is accelerating penetration, domain controllers are ready to fly, level 2.1, level 3 autopilots are approaching, domain controllers are rapidly developing, electronic and electrical structures are centralizing, and area controllers are becoming car "brains."
Automobile electron structures move from distribution to concentration, with domain controllers responding. Ecu (electronic control unit, electronic control unit) is also known as Car Computers, which refers to a variety of controls on cars. As the intellectualization of cars increases, so is the demand for bicycle ecu, which was over-assembled in Audia 8l as early as 2013.
100 ecu. The ever-increasing number of bicycles makes it necessary for a large number of suppliers and the cost of R & D to be added to the process. The growing complexity of the links to ecu in the production process makes the cost of labour high (50% of the cost of the wires), while more ecu means a more serious letter.
In a model3 electronic structure, Tesla moves a large number of ecu functions to a central computing module and three area controllers, with a centralized/centrally calculated electronic structure opening up into people's horizons. A centralized e/e structure has a significant advantage: (i) intelligence: a highly arithmetic domain controller.
Chips make it possible for complex operating systems and complex applications to operate on vehicles, and higher levels of motor intelligence will be achieved; (2) flexibility: software developers will be able to develop and upgrade upper-level software independently of bottom hardware, hardware can be plugged in, software can be duplicated, vehicle functions will continue to run out through continuous ota upgrades
Well, the cycle of R & D has been significantly shortened and the fee-for-software model has become a reality; (3) low cost: the arithmetic resources that were previously dispersed on the various domain controllers have been concentrated to reduce redundancies; while the number of ecu and the length of the wires have been significantly reduced and some cost savings have been achieved.
The process of integrating multiple ecu functions into domain controllers. When the e/e architecture is centralized, the way cars are intelligently upgraded will be upgraded from the "cumulative escu" to the way the chip algorithms and software algorithms are upgraded. The domain controller, which is integrated into the high chip algorithms and software algorithms, will become the "brain" of intelligent cars, as well as future smart cars.
Figure 9: Automotive electrical and electrical structures evolve towards centralized 2.1.2, hardware pre-inlay, software enablement, and domain control needs will be the first to release the smart car age, where each car will have its own "brain" and the domain control will be fast and long-term.
The cost model is realized, making automobile services full of life-cycle services. In order to achieve the continuous evolution of automobiles, the entire garage is usually configured in a way that is “hardware pre-drawn, subsequent software continues to be upgraded”, i.e., the best configuration “computer” to facilitate the upgrading of the follow-up system and software to provide all kinds of intelligent services.
It's the age of software to define cars, but between software and the rise of intelligent services, the core intelligent hardware dividend will come first. Whether high-end, arithmetic, or fast, low- and middle-end car-intelligence, quick penetration and upgrading will make the domain controller a model product for future cars. In 2022, the British Weidalorin core.
In the current high-end vehicle model, computing has become an important part of the branding of the entire factory. After 2022, the fleet's fleet of high-end electric vehicles was built with a much higher level of computing power to support intelligent driving.
Up to 200 tops, the antet7 even raised the arithmetic to 1016 tops. The reason behind this is that, on the one hand, high-level intelligent drivers have more and more precision sensors, leading to increased data processing needs, and a certain level of arithmetic reserves are the basis for supporting high-level intelligent driving.
On the other hand, good hardware provides space for the upgrading of future car software, and the hardware that cars enter is the basis for their continued profitability. Intelligentization of low- and middle-end vehicles accelerates penetration and moves to a higher level.
As a reference, the parking function at the level of (aroundviewmonitoringsystem) and the level of l2.A, according to the Zos Institute, in 2020 China installed 3.306 million vehicles by car avs, an increase of 55 per cent from 2019, and in August, the peak period rose by more than 100 per cent, with no more than a quarter of a million vehicles in the assembly pattern accounting for 82 per cent.
As far as parking is concerned, according to a study by Joss, China installed 2,308,000 vehicles in 2020, an increase of 46.4 per cent in comparison with the year 2021, with an increase of 12.3 per cent, or 4.28 percentage points over the year 2019.
The main function of the period apa (autopakingasist, automatic parking aid) is to help the driver park the car once the driver has found the space. The new generation of parking is gradually moving towards the avp (automatedvaletparking, autonomous passenger parking) mode, whereby the user, after getting out, is able to give instructions through mobile phone apps and so on.
Moving to the parking lot and looking for parking spaces. When the user leaves, the car can move automatically from the parking lot to the customer’s car entry point.
We believe that, in the context of the growing enrichment and upgrading of software capabilities in the low- and medium-end model, pre-loading of more advanced sensors and domain controllers will also become a common understanding in the future. And when the soft-service charge becomes a consensus, the whole plant will naturally have the incentive to load the field controller into the low- and medium-end model to expand it.
Number of users of software that continues to charge fees. Figure 13: Parking functionality upgrades. 2.1.3. British Weida Automated Driving Chips have a significant lead, and hardware and hardware suitability and volume capacity are domain controllers
Chips are at the heart of an arithmetic arms race, and British Wedder has the advantage of "a high-valued tool chain plus a wealth of production experience." The chip is influenced by its high levels of research and development and production barriers, with fewer players, with only a few manufacturers, such as Yveida, Hightower, Horizon, Hexasame, Hua, Mobileye, and so on. At the service level, the service level, with Yvesta, Hightower, etc., as the generation.
The supply of open chips has become a trend. Smart-driving chip manufacturers in the market are currently divided into two categories: one, represented by mobileye, which binds chips and algorithms together into an overall solution, which provides the mainframe plant, and the other, represented by British Weida, which provides an open chip platform and tool chain, which allows the mainframe plant to use the software.
Buying services at any level of chips, algorithms, or developing their own algorithms through the tool chain provided by British Weida. The early mobileye, with its excellent soft and hard solutions, allowed the mainframe to have a simple, fast, smart driving capability, with a peak market share of 70%.
Algorithms and data are increasingly at the centre of the attention of the mainframe plant, which, in the soft and hard black box model provided by mobileye, has no control over the intelligent driving capabilities of the entire vehicle, and therefore the whole factory, which has greater research and development power, has abandoned the mobileye to open chip platform providers.
With chains and a lot of production experience, there's a significant lead. A collection of 12 64-bit arma78cpu cores, a brand-new depth learning accelerator (dla) and a computer visual accelerator (pva), a single soc that provides 228 kdmicpscpu and 254topsai arithmetic.
All smart-drive chips are far ahead of you. In software, Anveta provides a full set of bottom software and smart-driving algorithms, ranging from a bottom real-time operating system, a cuda library (a tool to use gpu for a proximate calculation), to perception, maps, road planning algorithms, to data collection, model training, simulations, and English Weeda.
A mature tool-chain system can help the system maximize chip computing while reducing the difficulty of developing an entire car factory smart driver algorithm, which other competitors cannot afford. Upon launching their own smart driver platform, snapdragonride, he announced a competition in August 2021.
In addition to the fact that advanced ADS manufacturer Vinning is trying to enrich its profile in the field of smart driving software and tool chains, the Aphw 2.0 system from Audia8 to Aphw1 to Tesla uses the Avedadrive px2 system, and Little Pomp7 uses the Anvedadriveagxavier platform.
We believe that, thanks to these advantages, Weida will continue to be the preferred driver of auto-drive chips in the Oem plant, class I3 and above.
It is particularly important for domain controllers to build up pre-emptive advantages. The development of domain controllers includes hardware for circuit design, structure installation design, heat design, etc., and software for underlying software, such as the bottom operating system.
Cutting and development of complete, plate-level support packages, intermediates, sensors, appliance of executing components, etc. Autopilot chips and algorithms, as well as depth of the tool chain, differences in actual and theoretical performance of the chip, how hardware is designed and optimized using tool-chain software to make use of the hardware platform's maximum efficiency is domain control.
It's one of the most important tasks of the manufacturer. And modules like the cuda library are designed and applied in depth to each generation of chips, so the adaptation experience can be repeated between old and new products to a certain extent, and the manufacturers with the previous generation's experience can do it at a relatively fast and low cost when the new version of the chip is released.
The process, with high reliability, is easier to obtain approval from the entire factory. The domain controller has a life cycle of at least six months with the chip, the newcomer usually takes one or two years, and the current chip is fast-paced, and a new product will be released in almost two years, leaving the vendor with little time to develop the domain controller.
The ability of the software to fit determines whether the company can accommodate the needs of the various parties. The domain controller is the link sensor, the switch, the power, the brakes, and the bridge for the autopilot chip.
An abstraction of vehicle control-related services to create a system-based service. The car ' s parts system is complex, multi-supplier and machine-oriented, real-time systems, with a large matching workload, requires deep understanding and accumulation of auto parts, auto parts, autosar software standards, etc., and traditional auto parts and components supply.
There is a certain advantage in this area. Therefore, autopilot controllers need to combine their understanding of autopilot chips and ai computing, as well as the accumulation of control over implementing end-of-end components, with a high degree of software suitability. The volume capacity of vehicle parts ultimately determines whether they can become qualified suppliers.
The need for functional security is to meet the standard requirements of the car at the chip, software, hardware production level, and test the ability of the integrated firm. Once the new car is adapted to market demand, the volume will be released quickly, and little pap7 will be promoted in the city as soon as it is released, with a cumulative sales volume of over 50,000 as of September 2021.
Production cannot be a bottleneck in automobile sales, so the control of the supply chain by the domain controllers, the flexibility of the production capacity, also determines their competitiveness.
In addition, there has been a significant increase in the number of sensors in recent years in existing and forthcoming models of vehicles with intelligent driving capabilities. In addition, the value of single sensors has been increasing, with cameras moving towards higher pixels, compared to the 1.3 million currently available pixels.
For the main configuration, the beryllium that was listed in 2021 and the next generation that is about to be listed in 2022 will be equipped with 8 million pixel cameras, and the millimetre wave radar will begin to evolve in the direction of 4d. For a very long time, the price of the vehicle sensors will continue to rise.
2.3. Large-screened multiscreening and further penetration in the cabin area Large-screened multiscreening and increasing functionality and the increasing value of the bicycles. Production patterns for large-screening, multiscreening and one-core multiscreening in the cabin area continued to evolve, and the layout of domestic and foreign manufacturers accelerated in the first half of 2021.
The number of controlled multiscreen models has increased by 61% over the same period, and the number of co-screen models has increased by 155% over the same time. In the Mercedes '2021 interactive system, the "mbuxhyperstreet" was designed using a one-size-fits-all set of screens, with a large screen length of 1410 mm, with a strong sense of technology.
The three stars displayed the latest digital module at the 2021ces exhibition, which carries a health detection system that analyses the health status of passengers through cameras and combinations of mobile devices. For the foreseeable future, the cabin as a mobile living space will be subject to more change and create a larger market space.
Figure 17: Benzeqs, released in 2021, uses a three-screen design.
3.1. The domain controller will become the company’s second growth pole, with a full line of domain controller products across the 1-l4 level of intelligent driving. The company’s domain controllers are divided into two main directions: high value for money and high performance. The high value for money products are mainly ab02a and ipu01, ipu02, of which the high value for money products are ab02a and ipu01 and ipu02.
Ab02a and ipu01 primarily achieve high-quality panoramics, ipu02 supports the flexible deployment of the algorithms 4-32tops, and are capable of performing all functions and parts of the function of intelligent driving at level 122, as required, such as autonomous parking, as well as passenger parking, high-speed auxiliary driving, etc.
Xavier and orin chips are developed primarily for the needs of the entire factory for the development of autopilots at the level of 13/l4. Overall, the current product line in Texas supports intelligent driving at the level of 1-l4 and achieves full area coverage. Figure 19: Area controller product lines with global layouts at the level of 1-l4
The company’s fully automated parking system, 360 specter systems, driver monitoring systems are supplied to a large number of mainstream cars in the country, breaking through white-point customers such as general gas, the Wall, cars, cars, cars.
Quantities, and smart driving support systems that integrate high- and low-speed scenes, have also been targeted. The program helps the entire factory to achieve a wealth of smart driving functions at a lower cost, and is highly market-friendly, with high-tech cars issuing automatic parking, and a list of suppliers of state-owned cars, with Texas being ranked first in the industry's influence market.
The first autopilot controller to support Level 1-3 was produced in late 2020. The company launched the first area controller ipu03 to carry the British Weldadrivexavier chip, and was placed on Little Pap7 with a 30-tops algorithm, 32-gb running memory, and supported the autopilot of Level 13. The new car, once released, was widely well received.
In the future, the new demand will be carried by ipu04 on board the next generation of orinx microchip in Weida, which will produce 254 tops in 2022 and can be upgraded to 508/1016 tops through accumulating chip or accumulator, with 64 gb of the product running memory, supporting 16-circuit cameras.
Up to 24 can (controllerareanework, local area network of controllers, an in-car communications protocol) bus lines, 6 gigabytes, 6 gigabytes, and 20,000 megabytes, with a qualitative improvement in performance compared to ipu03. By providing ipu03 products for pelicans, the company has accumulated the right mix of experience with the British Weida platform, significantly reducing its targeting.
The new generation of chip development costs and time to become the country’s first company to launch a British Weydarin chip domain controller, and the new power sales have performed well, and the company is expected to grow rapidly. At the beginning of the year, cars like Ping have been sold in a number of ways, and they have been innovative, showing strong competitiveness.
As of now, there have been more than six vehicle models that have been announced to use next-generation chips, including high-intensity microchips such as X7 and +7 and ideal x01, and believe that there will still be companies that will continue to use Qatar's products in the future.
The advantage of the pre-design card position will be further highlighted in Desaiseew. Currently, the autopilot domain controller product has a high single car value, and in 2022, the relevant model began to deliver the volume, and it is hoped that new client targeting will continue to be obtained, thus pushing the company into a fast-growing phase.
In the area of smart driving, companies have achieved full coverage of sensors, domain controllers, algorithms integrated solutions, and industry upgrades have contributed to the full growth of business.
The smart driving solutions offered by the company are constantly being upgraded, and the demand for hardware, such as sensors, is showing a trend of rising prices. Of these, tens of millions have been accumulated on cameras, millimeter wave radar has been preloaded, and the company has deployed the next generation of 4d mm wave radar technology.
There are more than 800,000 t-boxes on board in Desaiway, which is the third largest in the industry, accounting for 9.31% of the city. Thus, in areas such as smart driving algorithms, ultrasound radars, companies also have a self-research product + investment lead enterprise layout that creates integrated solutions that take advantage of suppliers of smart driving solutions.
The company’s smart cabin business, as a company’s traditional business strength, is expected to remain competitive.
For the new clients, the company broke through Toyota (Indonesia), Maruti Suzuki (India) in 2020.
New clients. LCD instruments, display modules, systems, etc., achieved more than 100% of sales in 2020. In a context of big screening, multiscreening, and zonalization, the size of the bicycles continues to increase, with significant benefits to manufacturers with overall solutions. The company, as the leader of the smart cabin, will continue to benefit from a home-owned brand.
The key assumption is that the expected increase in the value of the company’s smart-barrel operations and the signing of new customers’ bicycles will continue to grow rapidly in the current volume, and that the smart-driving business will continue to grow with the new model of the domain controllers in 2022.
Sales release, as well as the continuous penetration of low-level intelligent driving, will accelerate growth. Desaiway is a leader in the domestic area of car smarts, driven by intellectual upgrading, such as large-screening, multiscreening, and domain concentration. At the same time, the company’s forward-looking auto-driving controls are on.
At the start of the harvest period, the L3-level autopilot control, developed in collaboration with British Weida, began to enter the volume production phase, and in 2022 was the year of delivery of a large number of L3-level autopilot models. Under the industry logic of "hardware pre-laying, software upgrade," the domain controller driver moved into accelerated growth.
New car sales fall short of expectations, chip developments fall short of expectations, markets with strong competitors, etc.