Collon Pharmaceutical Industries (002422), big infusion and specialist drug performance + recovery. Company performance is expected to start in four quarters.
South-West Securities Research and Development Centre incident: company semi-annual report, 2017, which achieved operating income of $4.94 billion in the first half of the year, compared to 20.6 per cent, net operating cash flow of $70 million, compared to 24.8 per cent, while company forecast net return in the first three quarters of the year
The performance of the company in the first half of the year was slightly lower than expected, but the performance of the major infusion and specialist medicine has increased sharply and the company’s performance is expected to break out in the fourth quarter. The company’s income and net return profits in the first half of 2017 grew at a similar rate of +20.6% and -33.7%, respectively, with overall performance slightly lower than expected.
Changes in the environmental upgrading of phase II of the project could not be approved in time, resulting in the second production line operating only as an environmental certification and the failure to fully release capacity, resulting in a loss of $780.6 million in the first half of the year, nearly $90 million more than in the same period last year.
Taking into account the sharp increase in the prices of core products 7aca, 6apa and penicillin in the last half of the year. We believe that the company's Trunchin project is expected to start in four quarters. Sub-product lines: 1) Large infusion: while sales have fallen by 5.1%, income of $3.17 billion was achieved under product restructuring, with a ratio of +8.5%, and Māori was raised.
The contribution is expected to accelerate; 2) Non-infusion: sales revenue is $1.69 billion, compared to +53.6%, of which the market for non-infusion medicines is capable of spreading, laying a solid foundation for future new drug use. We see that the company is three full-scale, dynamic, and that the company will start a new stage of growth in 2018.
• Research and development has been fruitful, and innovation is driving the harvest. In 2012, the company developed a “triple-driven” development strategy, in which innovation was the most important consideration of the company. Since 2013, the company has invested $2.3 billion in research and development, forming a research and development team of 1,200 people, with research and development at the top of the country's ranks.
On 31 January, the company category a was working on 354 projects, of which 94 were declared, and 32 were pending. The progress is expected to be approved for production during the year; 2) International imitation pharmaceuticals: sterile agents reported at the end of 2018.fda, 2019.
Soon to be completed, Remolu single anti-similars, human blood plate-generation platinum-fc integrated proteins and pd-l1 new anti-clinics reported: 5) new agent-type drugs: Uthrin protein nanoparticles and altexedaic fluids have been approved for clinical treatment. From the research line, it is expected that 5-15 products will be linked each year from 2018 onwards.
We believe that, as research and development drives, the performance pull effect of new products will gradually become apparent, while corporate valuations are expected to increase.
The power incentives are tied down, the firm’s performance is clear, future performance and valuations are expected to rise at the same rate, while high-intensity R & D inputs will push the firm’s development space up strongly. The “buy-in” rating is maintained.
Risks such as exposure, price of or downside from the core raw materials, production management, or major problems. Newly driven corporate valuations have not been scaled up, nor will they be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.