The formulation plate is growing steadily, and Kawaning is being held up by environmental factors.
Of this amount, $3.172 billion was received for the infusion plate, an increase of 8.45 per cent over the same period; the non-infusion block realized camp.
II. Our point of view: steady growth of formulation plates, short-term losses of affiliates and projects, delayed performance, 2. Collon medicine industry: fluid taps completed antibiotic resistance. 1. Corporate formulation block business achieved steady growth and growth in corporate performance.
In the case of a further tightening of the market for fluids, the sales volume of corporate fluids fell by 5.09% on the same date. But the infusion plates continued to grow, mainly for reasons related to the fact that the market for fluids was further tightened.
To increase the share of high-price packages (package, soft bags, etc.) and lower-priced products (plastic bottles) sold by companies through product restructuring. The restructuring led to an increase in the Māori rate, which increased by 9.38 percentage points in the first half of 2017.
The company’s other formulations include, among others, Palott (Acetic Acid) and Tianshuin (Rehabilitation of New Liquids) rapid growth, with the exception of therapeutic excellence, the company gradually increasing its marketing and promotion. By increasing its marketing efforts, the public administration has taken a greater share of the market and increased sales.
In 2017, although Ishakawan was selected as “the first green maker”
The company strictly requires its own production line, corrects the environmental problems that have been exposed, and adjusts its strategy to reduce some of its capacity.
In the first half of 2017, although the sulfur-red production line could be fully produced, production of the 7-acca production line could change up to 50% in phase II. At the same time, Trunchin spent some money on upgrading the environmental facilities, and depreciation began to depreciate when the acceptance was re-established.
The company suffered a loss of $7.806 million in the first half of the year, representing an increase of $8.943 million over the same period last year. 2) The project is not producing as expected, the company actively adjusts its future potential for loss. The company’s project is currently completing a multi-species workshop project and putting it to use.
Small-scale, intermediate-testing and validation of projects. However, production processes and product structures still need to be engineered, and there is a need to increase the saturation of production capacity at a loss of $22.67 million in the first half of 2017.
The company continues to promote research and development, which cost $393 million in the first half of 2017, representing 7.95 per cent of the revenue, and is currently developing around generics, innovative small molecules, biomoleculars, and delivery systems. There are currently 32 generics to be manufactured in the country, acetyl amino amino acid injections have been manufactured in batches, and national imitation projects are under way.
Pharmaceuticals have now completed laboratory research and development and production transfer of two; small molecular drugs have been approved for one clinical; and biological drugs are about to complete the i-clinic process. As drug research and development progresses and clinical trials progress, we anticipate that the company's future research and development costs will continue.
The company’s Māori rate has gradually increased, net interest rates have fallen slightly, and the company’s Māori rate has risen, largely as a result of the increased efficiency of the fluid plate.
The company’s academic outreach team, which establishes product lines such as spirituality, intestinal nutrition, Tianshuin (rehabilitation of new fluids), pain anaesthesia, and safe fluids, was quickly transformed into a driving force through its own organization of priority market city meetings, intra-academic/sectional meetings, etc.
Doctor’s prescription of dynamic energy, which creates an effective waterfall effect for academic outreach activities, falls into sales. As sales are promoted, the cost of company sales rose from 14.64% in 2016 to 17.44%, an increase in outreach and an increase in sales of company products is expected.
Companies are now focusing on promoting the creation of a marketing team, and new products can be marketed as quickly as possible, making faster profits. While the public sector’s short-term performance has fluctuated, we believe that long-term companies still have a better growth potential, so we maintain the “increasing” risk of rising production factor costs, the risk of falling profits due to increased depreciation of fixed assets, environmental risks, exchange rates
Risks, drug price reduction risk. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee