Quality city comptoir representative, “Three Highs” extension, establishing advantages, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre recommended logic: Ningpo Bank, as a representative of high-quality city comptoirs in the industry, took shape in the course of years of development
It has become an effective and differentiated development strategy. With diversified profit channels, effective wind management mechanisms, and strong regional advantages, firms have achieved high-growth, high-profit, high-quality cross-border growth in intense market competition, becoming unique regional banks.
• High rate of increase: asset size continues to expand, and loan operations continue to expand. The size of Ningpo Bank assets has expanded rapidly in recent years, reaching a combined growth rate of 20 per cent over the past five years. At the end of 2017, companies reached an asset size of over 100 billion tons of profits: multiple channels of asset allocation, and capital efficiency improvements.
The structure of the company’s asset allocation is more diverse, and in recent years it has captured the favourable environment for portfolio investment, increasing its size to nearly 40% of total assets, achieving a 4.5% return on portfolio investment, and a more significant excess. At the same time, overall corporate leverage levels have declined, but still remain relatively low.
By the first half of 2018, Ningpo Bank had an annual weighted average net asset return of 20.41%, up by 11bp in comparison.
Quality: asset quality is excellent, and the industry is the lowest. In the first half of 2018, the Bank of Ningbo ' s non-performing lending rate was only 0.8%, continuing the downward trend of almost five years, which is lower than all listed banks. Regional advantages make the quality of corporate credit assets naturally superior to that of their counterparts, as a result of economic development in the Jiangjian region.
By fine-tuning and screening clients, companies have improved the quality of their overall credit and achieved high-quality asset growth.
Profit predictions and investment proposals. We expect the Ningpo Bank net profit increases in 2018, 2019 and 2020 to narrow the margin of interest differentials; the bond market falls or falls in corporate investment performance; high leverage levels or a public company profile: assets expand rapidly and profits continue to rise.
Ningpo Bank was founded on 10 April 1997 as a local joint-stock business bank with independent legal personality. At its inception, Ningpo Bank had an outstanding legacy, with a low base of deposits and a high rate of non-performing loans, followed by a series of asset consolidation, deposit absorption and divestiture measures and the introduction of foreign investors.
On 19 July 2007, Bank Ningpo became the country’s first urban commercial bank to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, gradually completing three major development strategies: “Introduction of offshore investors, cross-regional operations, and public listing.” Bank Ning Bo, apart from Ning, is now in power.
In addition to its operations in Shanghai, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Shenzhen, Suzhou, Winzhou, Beijing, Tinless, Kimhua, Shaoxi, Taizhou, and Kaxim, 12 branches with 325 business points were established. In November 2013, Ningpo Bank initiated the establishment of a win-win fund management company, Inc. and in May 2015, Ningpo Bank ' s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Inc., became fully operational.
Since its inception, Ningbo Bank operations have grown considerably, showing good business performance, and have grown into a regional equity bank with a net capital of more than 89 billion yuan, a total assets of more than 100 billion yuan, and a staff of more than 15,000, which ranks among the top 200 banks worldwide.
Bank of Communications, Bank of Ningbo, Bank of Hangzhou.
Kuoyang Bank, Jiangming Bank, Poi Hua Bank
Grand Bank, Nanjing Bank, Zhang Jia Hong
In terms of assets, Ningpo Bank has maintained a rapid expansion of its assets in recent years, reaching a 20% increase in the last five years. At the end of 2017, the company reached a target of over 100 billion assets, with a total of 1.08 trillion assets in the first half of 2018, which is growing faster than at the beginning of the year, and is expected to continue with the expansion of Ningpo Bank operations.
As a high-profit and high-growth representative of the industry, Ningpo Bank’s net return profits have been growing at a constant double-digit rate. By the end of June 2018, the company had achieved business income of $13.5 billion, an increase of 9.79 per cent over the same period in the previous year; it had become a parent with an increase of 0.11 percentage points, ranking first among all listed banks, reflecting a very high level of profitability.
In the context of high profitability, the high-leveraging attributes of the company’s operations are also evident. By the equity multiplier, for example, Ningpo Bank’s equity multipliers for the past five years have continued to rise, reaching 17.37 in the first half of 2018, ranking second only to the listed commercial bank, followed by Guiyang Bank.
In terms of profit composition, the company’s five main profit centres: corporate banking, retailing.
Companies, individual banks, financial markets, credit cards, and core competitiveness have gradually started. In recent years, corporate profitability has declined, but it has benefited from Ningpo Bank’s efforts to promote a large retail strategy. Since 2012, individual operating profits have increased year after year, from 19% to 35% of the company’s profits, making it the second largest profit centre.
2 Company analysis: outstanding investment capacity, excellent credit quality 2.1 more asset allocation through multiple channels, improved efficiency in the operation of funds
The centre is built to continuously enhance profitability and promote the built-in accumulation of capital; while capital constraints are strengthened, the capital structure is optimized, the economic capital allocation is integrated, and capital efficiency is further enhanced.
In terms of corporate credit, the company maintained a double-digit growth rate in 2016-2017 based on growth in public lending, which led to a two-digit increase in overall lending. In the first half of 2018, loans from retail operations continued to grow at a faster rate, as a result of a combination of weak demand for public credit and the company’s active development of retail operations.
A total of 37.91 billion yuan was disbursed, representing a 9.5 per cent increase in the same year, and the loan business continued to grow at a faster rate. Portfolio investment ratio increased and investment income increased significantly. Ningpo Bank considered the need to optimize liquidity management and asset liability structure in a comprehensive manner, taking into account changes in the market environment, and to rationalize investment patterns, with corporate equity investments as at 30 June 2018.
At the beginning of the year, there was a 14bp drop. In terms of portfolio investment details, Ningpo Bank has been able to diversify its assets by mainly allocating higher returns on finance, trust products, and high-security government debt and certificates of association, and to achieve higher financial returns while ensuring security of assets. At the current level of investment, high portfolio investment revenues will provide a strong boost to the net profit growth of the parent company.
Other non-interest-earning items at Ningpo Bank include, inter alia, net returns on investments, net gains on fair value changes, and net gains on exchange. There are two main factors driving the boom in non-interest earnings from companies: on the one hand, the increase in the returns on the money market fund in the net return on corporate investment, and the collection of the money market fund in the third quarter of 2017.
After taking into account the return on investment, $3.756 billion was realized in the second half of 2017 and $2.832 billion in the first half of 2018, respectively, and the gains from high money market funds led to a high rate of growth in other non-interest earnings. On the other hand, in the first half of 2018, Ningpo Bank achieved a net gain of $2.2 billion in fair value changes, an increase of $4.8 billion, resulting in a change in fair value.
Increases in profit and boosts other non-interest-bearing gains. 2.2 Rational regulation of costs and expansion of the spread advantage have been influenced by interest rate marketization factors in recent years, increased pressure on inter-bank deposits and strong market competition. Corporate deposits have increased rapidly.
In terms of the structure of deposits, the Ningpo Bank deposits are dominated by business deposits, which remain at 80%. In the first half of 2018, Ningpo Bank expanded its deposits as a basic resource for transformational development, continuously tightening the base of its clients' deposits.
The increase in the number of high-quality business clients has led to faster growth in client deposits. As of 30 June 2018, Ningpo bank deposit costs were well controlled. January-June 2018, Ningpo bank clients spent $5,401 million on interest on deposits, representing 46.86 per cent of total interest expenditure, an increase of $875 million over the same period, with average interest rates on deposits in the first half of the year.
This represents a 1.76 per cent increase of 1 bp from the end of 17 years, mainly due to the annual decline in the cost of individual fixed-term deposits by companies and the strategic positioning of companies in small and medium-sized enterprises in the region during the first half of 18 years, the continuous strengthening of the introduction of current deposits and the reduction of interest-bearing costs on current deposits by Ningpo Bank.
At the end of June of the year, 54.416 billion yuan, or 5.38 per cent of total liabilities, had been released. As a net source of funds in the inter-bank market, the current environment of high market liquidity and interest rates for inter-bank lending continued to decline.
The efficiency of the use of joint funds has been improved by the drop in the cost of business lending, which has provided companies with a large amount of low-cost funds available. In the first half of 2018, Ningpo Bank had an interest-bearing asset yield of 4.55 per cent and an interest-bearing liability cost of 2.47 per cent, resulting in a net interest gap of 1.81 per cent and a net profit spread of 2.08 per cent.
In terms of interest-bearing assets, a large proportion of loans go to small and medium-sized enterprises. In terms of interest-bearing assets, interest-bearing liabilities, the Ningpo Bank's long-drawn triangle, the history of personal consumption loans, and the steady flow of demand deposits from individual clients, are consistently increased through business-to-business retirements and the liquidation of business-to-business clearing funds.
Since 2017, Ningpo Bank has experienced a higher net spread but lower net spread, mainly due to higher interest rates on inter-bank inter-bank bonds and higher interest rates on bond issuance, higher end-of-debt costs and lower net interest income.
As companies move forward with the development of strategic resources and the scale of operations, cost-scaling management has yielded initial results. As Ningpo Bank is still in its rapid expansion phase, it is affected by strategic resource inputs and growth in the scale of operations: first, increased investment in large retail operations; second, continued strengthening of financial science and technology; and third, a focus on the introduction of excellence and workforce development.
The cost-earnings of Bo Bank are higher than those of the listed commercial banks, and the costs are much more compressed. The cost-management strategy is 2.3 asset quality is excellent, the industry is the lowest, and good asset quality is the cornerstone of the bank’s sustainable development.
The concept of “costs” constantly improves the professionalism and effectiveness of risk management, and the quality of assets reflects new advantages in the community. Recall that Ningpo bank failure rates can be found to benefit from the good quality of credit assets, and that the poor rate of corporate lending has remained low for a long time, especially since 2015 when the economy has stabilized, companies have been in a bad position, and the poor rate of lending has fallen for two years in a row.
The low level of 196 per cent of listed commercial banks rose to 499.32 per cent in the first half of 2018, with the highest level of coverage of all listed commercial banks and a further increase in credit risk resilience.
As of 30 June 2018, non-performing loans to companies amounted to 3,025 million yuan and non-performing loans amounted to 0.80 per cent, with sub-prime loans rising by 0.01 percentage points to 0.31 per cent.
In general, the quality of Ningpo Bank loans has increased further, and the industry has performed very well. While keeping the minimum credit failure rate for listed commercial banks, Bank Ningpo has identified bad assets in credit assets.
Compared to corporate overdue loans and non-performing loans, it is easy to find that in 2013-2015, the balance of bank overdue loans was significantly higher than the balance of non-performing loans, while the rate of non-performing loans continued to be low, the bulk of overdue loans were not included in non-performing loans, and the firm was less favourable. After 2015, there was a sharp decline in bank overdue loans and non-performing loans continued.
The rise, the persistent narrowness of the gap between the overdue and the poor rates, the higher percentage of poor overdue loans compared to the industry, and the stricter recognition of the poor suggest that Ningpo Bank has become more exposed to the risks of corporate credit assets in a market environment where industry risks have increased, and that the quality of assets is more robust.
The high asset quality of Ningbo Bank stems mainly from the following four areas: first, the long-deep triangulation zone, with significant geographical advantages. From the institutional layout, the branching of Ningbo Bank's long-triangular city is almost complete, the regional branches are integrated into the local market, the business structure is comprehensive, and the operations are sound and compliant.
Bank loans in recent years have been concentrated in the Zhejiang, Jiangsu and Shanghai regions, and according to the semi-annual report of 2018, the Bank of Ningpo Long Triangle accounts for 91% of the total loans. The economy of the Long Triangle is economically active in the country, while the city of Ningbo is an important economic center city in the Long Triangle, with a strong economic and trade base, with State, private and foreign enterprises Qi Qi.
Together, there is a more stable “three-legged” trend, with regional economic booms providing natural advantages for Ningpo banking expansion and asset quality upgrading. Gross domestic product grew by 6.9 per cent in 2017 and total foreign trade imports and exports grew by 14.2 per cent, reversing two consecutive years.
The year-on-year decline was marked by an 8.1 per cent increase in the Gdp region, an 18.8 per cent increase in total foreign trade exports and imports, a higher growth rate than the national average, a steady consolidation of the solid basis for foreign trade and a gradual release of development potential. In the first half of 2018, as a result of the China-United States trade war since March, exports and imports from and to the long triangle continued to grow, although somewhat affected, in and out of the region.
At the same time, as structural reforms on the supply side advanced, the manufacturing sector, such as the long triangle and the bead triangle, showed signs of recovery. The Ningpo Bank’s asset quality was further enhanced, driven by the steady growth of local import-export trade, the recovery of manufacturing operations, and a reduction in local fiscal pressure.
The early development of Western commercial banks and the development of a comprehensive risk management system in their long-term development process provide a great deal of lessons to be learned about the overall risk management of our commercial banks. Domestic commercial banks learn from the state of the art by introducing foreign commercial banks as strategic investors.
Risk management techniques, coupled with risk management systems that combine their own needs, have effectively reduced corporate exposure. Market performance suggests that domestic commercial banks, represented by Ningbo Bank and Nanjing Bank, have taken the lead in introducing foreign bank participation, and that the overall credit deficit rate is low in the industry, and credit risk controls have been effective.
In the first half of the year, the Bank held 1,014 million shares, or 20% of the Bank’s total stock. By learning from the Bank’s best practices, the Bank introduced a comprehensive risk management model, which, after more than a decade, led to the formation of a series of “prudential credit policies, independent centralized approval mechanisms, continued deepening of financial science and technology applications, and optimization.
Integrated early warning system, sound post-credit management platform, complete credit risk management process as a whole. To protect against potential credit risks, Ningpo Bank continuously upgrades its overall risk management capacity, moving risk points forward and trying to minimize risk costs.
The system allows for fine credit rating management, timely follow-up of default risks and negative information after lending, effective resolution of pre-prior, loan and post-prior information asymmetrical problems, and strict control of credit risk.
As supply-side reforms move forward, companies are actively responding to changing demand for effective credit, further increasing support for services for SMEs. In parallel with large lending schemes, Ningpo Bank uses a breakdown of client categories, strictly controls the total amount of group client credit, and limits excess capacity.
Fourth, the high quality of individual loans reduces the overall failure rate. Ningpo Bank’s poor performance of individual loans remains at 0.5%, and remains at a low level in the industry, well below the overall failure rate of companies and other banks. The individual bank is Ningpo Bank’s priority.
One of these areas is that, as of 30 June 2018, individual loans totalled $12,256 million, representing 32.33 per cent of total loans and advances. Individual loans have a small amount of single loans, a short duration, a low probability of bad creation, and a manageable loss of loans, and their rapid development will effectively reduce the poor rate of corporate lending and improve the quality of corporate lending.
In terms of the structure of individual loans, the Ningpo Bank’s share of individual loans has stabilized in recent years, but the composition of individual loans has changed considerably. The Ningpo Bank’s individual loans consist mainly of individual housing loans, individual consumer loans and individual loans.
In the first half of 2018, Ningpo Bank's personal consumption loans accounted for about 80% of all individual loans, accounting for 25% of all loans, and the personal consumption loans became the unique competitive advantage of Ningpo Bank. The Ningpo Bank's personal consumption loans were issued mainly through such channels as White-Led-Led-Living, among which the White-Listed-Living-Living-Living-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Live.
White-collars are people who provide borrowers with a certain amount of credit, depending on the creditworthiness and contribution status of the borrower The credit-granting business in the national currency, within the period of validity of the letter and the amount of the letter-off, is able to process loans easily and expeditiously, depending on the needs of the borrower, targeting mainly groups with stable jobs and high economic income, with a strong capacity to pay their debt on time.
High prices, low risks, and good combined returns have now grown into a representative brand of Ningpo Bank’s personal consumption loans. It is worth noting at this stage that the p2p platform absorbs large demand for consumer loans.
p2p platform, some of the customers of the Internet lending platform will go to commercial banks for consumer loans, and banks will absorb some of the private consumer loan needs of the Internet lending platform, taking into account risk tolerance and loan returns, but due to the creditworthiness of potential incremental customers, the risk of bank credit being higher than the individual consumer customer of the bank stock, and therefore, the private consumer loans of commercial banks and others.
The interest rate on individual loans shows an upward trend. In the first half of 2018, the average rate of return on individual loans from Ningpo Bank was 6.83 per cent, compared with 38 bp at the end of the year. In order to prevent a decline in the quality of individual consumer loans, Ningpo Bank conducted a risk management process inspection in the first half of 2018
Work, focusing on new products and operations, and focusing on focused issues, developing targeted restructuring programmes to ensure that risk controls are in place. At the same time, companies pay more attention to post-prior scrutiny of stock clients, incorporating internal client ratings and implementing trigger post-lending inspections to effectively protect against credit risk, in accordance with the post-lending early warning rules.
2.4 The profitable contribution of affiliates, the multi-sector financial service layout, and with the establishment of the trend towards financial mixing, Ningpo Bank has been expanding its operations in the context of its own development features and has been active in the area of integrated financial services. In November 2013, the establishment of the Win-Swin Foundations Limited was launched; in May 2015, it was again established.
Since its inception, two non-banking subsidiaries have been growing steadily, making a continuing contribution to the group's profitability.
The company’s profit growth was well complemented by the upgrading. Ningpo Bank Holdings, Inc., Inc., was established on 7 November 2013 and included in the consolidated form, with a registered capital of RMB 150 million, the company holding 90% of its shares and net profit of RMB 19.38 million in the year in which it was established.
In August 2014, the Replenishment of Infinity Fund Management Limited increased its registered capital to RMB 200 million, with the parent company holding 67.5% of its shares. In January 2018, the Infin Fund Management Limited again increased its registered capital to RMB 900 million, with the parent company holding 71.49% of its shares.
The size of management increased from 86.8 billion yuan at the beginning of the year to 101.3 billion yuan at the beginning of the year, and the size of non-monetary public funds was increased from 30.3 billion yuan to 54.6 billion yuan at the beginning of the year.
In December 2017, Infinity Financial Leasing Limited increased its registered capital to RMB 1.5 billion, and its parent company held 100% of its shares. By the end of 2017, Infin Finance Leasing Limited had a balance of RMB 18.2 billion in leased assets, with a steady increase in the size of its assets.
In accordance with the new regulations, all 27 future commercial banks with public funds hosting qualifications are required to apply for the company's financial management business, and the establishment of a subsidiary will undoubtedly be the dominant model for future bank management. Bank Ningpo announced in the evening of May 25 that the bank was to fund $1 billion to set up the “Ning Bank Asset Management Limited” to explore the bank.
The transition to financial independence, professional investment management, enhanced corporate identity and differentiated competitive advantages.3 The turn-around: accelerated replenishment of capital, intensive retention of capital by large shareholders, rising pressure on capital by 3.1, and multiple ways of mobilizing capital
Our capital adequacy regulation requirements for commercial banks include minimum capital requirements, reserve and countercyclical capital requirements, systemically important bank additional capital requirements, and second pillar capital requirements. Reserve capital requirements are 2.5% of risk-weighted assets, to be met by core-level capital.
Counter-cyclical capital requirements are 0 to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets, which are met by core-level capital. Domestic system-critical banks require 1% of risk-weighted assets, which are met by core-level capital.
Prior to meeting the requirements of the Commercial Bank Capital Management Scheme (pilot), in the case of banks of non-systemically important importance, the Superintendency of Banks requires that capital adequacy at the core level not be less than 7.5 per cent, capital adequacy at the first level not less than 8.5 per cent, capital adequacy not less than low, as financial regulation as a whole becomes tighter, commercial bank bond holdings are included in the schedule, and capital management and peer operations are harmonized.
The credit risk regulatory framework, the return of credit-type operations to real credit, the acceleration of capital consumption by commercial banks, and the growing pressure on corporate capital. Ningpo Bank’s current capital adequacy is largely in line with regulatory requirements, but it is also significantly below the bank’s capital adequacy level, especially since 2014, when the company’s core level of capital adequacy has increased.
In order to ease the pressure on capital at the firm level, Bank Ningpo, through non-public issues, priority shares, secondary capital bonds, and convertable corporate bonds, replenished corporate capital in a timely manner. In particular, in 2017, in order to ease the pressure on capital on non-stamped balance sheets.
In December 2017, the company issued 10 billion shares of convertable corporate bonds, 10 billion second-tier capital bonds in the interbank bond market, introduced external capital, replenished the capital of the company, increased the adequacy of the company ' s capital, and moved forward to increase its risk resilience and provide a sound capital base for steady business development.
In addition, on July 23, 2018, the CSRC approved the application for the non-public release of the priority shares of Bank Ningpo. According to the issuance bill, the priority shares issued in this case did not exceed 100 million shares, the total amount of funds raised did not exceed 10 billion yuan yuan and, by means of a non-public release to eligible investors, it is expected that the priority fund-raising funds will be used to supplement other levels of capital of the company, and one.
To optimize the capital structure and increase the level of capital adequacy, we measure that, based on current trends, if priority equity replenishments are issued in full, one level of capital will be able to achieve a level of 8.87 per cent of capital adequacy, at least $3.9 billion of core capital will need to be replenished if the company reaches the commercial bank in 2018.
The core-level capital adequacy level, 10.65 per cent, requires companies to add at least 16.6 billion more core-level capital. 3.2 The stockholdings of the Sugib group and the market influences the marginal reduction.
During the period from June to August 2018, the Bank of Ningpo held a sustained reduction in equity, with a cumulative reduction of 300 million shares over 18 years, representing 0.6 per cent of the Bank of Ningbo total, and a further 139 million shares of the Bank of Ningbo total, accounting for 2.75 per cent of the Bank ' s total stock.
New energy industries such as the raw materials industry, the new energy automobile industry, and operations. In line with the start-up strategy for the new energy industry of lithium, which is heavily deployed by the Sugib Group, we expect that there will be a continued strain on the cash flow of the stock of the stock of the stock in the country, mainly because of three factors: the company’s new energy industry, which is in the early stages of production, the market’s effective demand, its sales are below expectations, and the new energy policy subsidies.
The downside, the new energy operation continues to lose; the second is the sharp rise in the price of raw materials upstream of lithium, increased competition in the industry, the expansion of battery material production capacity and the extension of production lines up and down, which puts a great strain on corporate liquidity. As a result, we judge that the intensity of the decline in stockholdings stems mainly from the strategic need for intra-company operations, through the sale of long-term equity investments.
The fund supplements the company’s development, enabling the company’s expansion plans are well under way, and the company’s overall size is well expanded. For example, the former stockholdings hold 139 million shares in the Ningbo Bank, accounting for less than 3% of the total stock of Ningbo Bank, with less pressure on follow-up, and the Bank’s contribution to the market’s outstanding high-quality city comptoirs, which we believe will only produce short-term visibility.
Based on the company’s 18% compound increase in loans over the past five years, we expect a steady increase in corporate lending over the next three years, with Ningpo Bank’s historical high value of 2.08 times pb, with a minimum value of 1 times pb, and a median historical value of 1.5 times pb.
The company's current market value is 1.4 times pb, after 1.5 times pb in listed banks. So, we've selected the hiring bank from the valuation point of view. In terms of development attributes, Ningpo and the hiring bank are also among the commercial banks that focus on the development of retail operations, with pre-emption in the retail business, and Ningbo bank in the relative area.
We have chosen a comparative analysis of the three comparable dimensions of asset size, profitability and asset quality, and the reasons why Ningpo Bank enjoys the valuation premium are mainly the following: (1) As a representative of the high growth in the city comptoirs, the total assets of Ningpo Bank grew by 14.69 per cent in the first half of 2018.
The growth rate of 5.45 per cent was significantly higher than that of the BNB, which slightly outpaced growth; (2) the weighted annualized average net asset return of Bank Ningpo reached 20.4 per cent in the first half of 2018, slightly higher than the average annual net asset return of the BNB of 19.6 per cent, with two banks having a similar level of profitability; (3) the negative rate of Bank Ningpo fell to 0.8 per cent in the first half of 2018, and the loan allocation coverage rose to 499.32 per cent;
In comparison, Ningpo Bank has a lower rate of badness and a higher rate of provision coverage compared to 1.43 per cent in the first half of the year. (4) In terms of cost income, Ningpo Bank earned 34 per cent of its cost in 2018, while the Bank earned only 27 per cent of its cost, showing greater cost control for its recruiters, who are in a state of maturity in terms of fine management.
In summary, we believe that the reasonable range of valuation levels at Ningpo Bank should be between 1.5 and 1.8 times the pb range. We use the three-stage ddm valuations for the next three years as a short term, the next 10 years as a transitional growth period, combined relative valuations and absolute valuations.
The advantages in terms of human consumption lending and asset allocation are clear and have evolved into a differentiated business strategy in line with their own development, playing the role of a changer in the market and deserving of a valuation premium, using higher relative valuation results, giving Ningpo a lower economic cycle or worsening the quality of the company's assets; raising the cost of deposits significantly or narrowing the company's interest margin;
There has been a decline in market performance or a decline in corporate investment performance; a high level of leverage or increased volatility in corporate performance. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.