In the evening of 28 April, the company released its first quarterly report for 2018, which achieved business income of $62,979 million, an increase of 3.14 per cent over the same period; total profits, China ' s Shunhua (6,1088.sh)
Coal production has declined slightly, prices and costs have increased and overall stability has stabilized. \triangleright January-March 2018, affected by the temporary absence of coal output from the Harusu open-air mine, the company achieved 72.1 million tons of commercial coal production in the first quarter of the year, a 7.6 per cent decline compared to the same period.
Carbon sales amounted to 108.4 million tons, a decrease of 4.3 per cent over the same period; average coal sales prices were 440 yuan per ton, an increase of 4.8 per cent over the same year, of which the small decline in home-grown coal and coal sales was mainly two-fold, with companies increasing coal sales by 41.8 per cent over the course of the quarter and the associated costs increasing faster; and coal production by the same amount.
The decline resulted in an increase in labour costs and depreciation of tons of coal, a build-up of materials temporarily cut off from open coal mines for the purpose of restoring production, an increase in company costs, and a larger increase in the number of hours spent selling and generating electricity by Wang Chimin Research Assistant, which benefited from higher electricity prices and a small increase in the Māori rate of company power plates.
\triangleright Zhou Jie Research Assistant 9.8% increase in the same year in the first quarter of 2018, influenced by a weak excess of hydroelectric power and a 6.9% increase in the generation of electricity by the national thermal equipment on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter of 2018
At the end of the month, the company ' s total installed capacity reached 57,755 megawatts, a decrease of 100 megawatts from the end of the previous year; of these, the total installed capacity of coal-fired generators was 55,884 megawatts, representing 96.76 per cent of the company ' s total installed capacity. The company ' s coal-fired unit used an average of 1,162 hours, an increase of 91 hours, an increase of 8.50 per cent, compared to the national average.
Coal power equipment used an average of 1,089 hours, 73 hours higher. The company achieved a combined sale price of 317 yuan/megawatt hours in one quarter, an increase of 3.26 per cent in the same year; the power generation division recorded an average sale cost of $263.2/megawatt hours, a decrease of 1.7 per cent in the same year, mainly due to a decrease in unit labour, depreciation and amortization costs as a result of the same increase in the volume of electricity sold.
In a quarter, the company generated business income of $20.885 billion, an increase of 15.6 per cent over the same period, operating costs of $16.51 billion, an increase of 9.0 per cent over the same period, and the Māori rate of 20.9 per cent.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In the case of railways: 68.1 billion tons of rail transport turnover per company in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 0.3 per cent over the same period, and 9.32 billion yuan in operating income from railways, the same period as in the same period in 2017, the gross amount of Māori rose by 2.7 per cent over the same period, the Māori rate reached 64.2 per cent, and the company increased by 1.7 percentage points from the first quarter of 17 years.
Railway transport services have continued to thrive and increase profits. Ports: 58.9 million tons of coal from corporate ports in the first quarter of 2018, a decrease of 13 per cent in the same year, of which 42 million tons from the same year, a decrease of 11.2 per cent from the same year, and 10.1 million tons from the Shinhua Tianjin coal terminal, a decline of 8.2 per cent from the same year, while corporate port plates achieved operating revenues of 1,458 million yuan, an increase of 4.7 per cent from the same year, and Māori 846 million yuan, an increase of 5.8 per cent from the same year, and Māori, a rise of 58 per cent, respectively.
In the first quarter of 17 years, a 0.6 percentage point increase was achieved. Shipping divisions: companies achieved 24.9 million tons of shipping freight in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 13.2 per cent in the same year, shipping $1 billion, an increase of 55.0 per cent in the same year, and Māori 28.7 per cent, an increase of 6.8 percentage points from the first quarter of 17 years. We expect that the future will be accompanied by steady growth in the coal industry, sustained activity in the company ' s transport operations, further highlighting the synergetic effects of the plate, and sustained growth in the profitability of the plate.
Operating cash flows have been reduced in stages, such as receivables and payable, and cash flows and liabilities for investment expenditures have continued to decline over the previous period. 18 years, first quarter of the year, account balances for operational accounts payable have decreased, operating account balances have increased and inventory balances have increased, resulting in a short-term decline in net corporate cash inflows. On the other hand, cash flows for corporate investment expenditures in one quarter have decreased by 2,832 million yuan, or 54.64 per cent, compared to the 17.04 billion won in the fourth quarter of the year, a decrease of 86.77 per cent, compared with 86.77 per cent, for companies.
Corporate asset-liability ratios have declined and the level of indebtedness has been low, liabilities have been well structured, coal-plus prices have continued to operate at high levels, and companies have been more profitable and cash-flowful. The model, in the broader context of high-coal price shocks, is that corporate coal and transport plate synergies are gradually emerging, and corporate profitability will increase significantly, sustaining corporate risk factors: lower-than-expected macroeconomics and higher-than-anticipated coal prices; and the security implications of corporate mining.
Financial data on the front page of the company's report The carbon and gas industry chain, with special research on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemical intermediates, and new sources of energy, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions, Dr. Ming Wing, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consultant (investment) engineer, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank and member of the Chinese expert bank of Susa Operations Review and Review Advisory Expert.
He worked as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the workshop), in the fields of coal and energy-related research, and in “13th Five” national coal survey and development planning, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. In June 2016, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master's degree in mining engineering at the Chinese University of Mines, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 to carry out research in the coal sector.
Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, General School of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business and Industry Management, Chinese People’s University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 to conduct research in the coal industry. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese Securities Commission. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the Sunda Securities, providing support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.