Coal aggregate sales in May increased by 2.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis The company issued a report on its main operations in May, which accumulated 186.2 million tons of coal, yoy+2.2 per cent, and cumulative electricity sales of 1,028.9 billion kWh, yoy+9.8 per cent of coal sales in the first five months.
At the spot end, the latest average price index of coal power is 570 yuan per ton, which is maintained at a high level, with futures, and in mid-June, the main coal power contract of the firm 1809, which is powered by the firm, swung at an annual high of 661.4 yuan per ton.
Environmentally restricted production, safety checks, etc., are expected to be high throughout the year, while the company Haru Su Open Air Mine is gradually resuming production, adding bricks to the company's steady annual performance growth, and is currently undervalued and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Corporate coal sales have recovered from a low season of positive growth: in May 2018, the company produced 120.8 million tons of merchandise coal, down 4.6 per cent from the same year, while in the first quarter there was a fall of 7.6 per cent from the same season and production slowed down from the same year, with 24.7 million tons of merchandise coal from the same month in May.
In the case of coal sales, 186.2 million tons of coal were sold in the previous May, while yoy + 2.2 per cent. In the month of April/May, coal sales were 42.8 million tons and 35 million tons, respectively, representing an increase of 21.6 per cent and 3.9 per cent in the same year.
This represents an increase of 7.8 per cent over the same period since 2012, compared with a 2.6 per cent decline in April when hydroelectric power generation reached 70.18 billion people, resulting in a high demand for electricity and a rise in coal sales in April. The average monthly consumption of six power plants was 77.14 million tons in May, an advance from high-temperature weather.
In addition, it is worth noting that the company originally stopped producing 64,720,000 tons of commercial coal for the month of April and April respectively, while the mine had accumulated 2.1 million tons in the five months following the August 2017 cut-off announcement.
With a steady increase in electricity sales and a guaranteed annual performance of the power generation division: 26,628 million kilowatt-hours of electricity for the whole of society in January-May 2018, an increase of 9.8 per cent over the same period, and electricity and water in January-May.
With an increase of only 2.7 per cent and a relatively weak hydropower contribution of 8.1 per cent, the Division accumulated a cumulative increase in electricity sales of 1,028.9 million kWh, yoy+9.8 per cent, with a corresponding increase of 10.5 per cent and 5.2 per cent in April and April respectively, and an increase in unit labour, depreciation and amortization costs.
Both will decline, and the average cost of electricity sold by the company will be reduced, thereby enhancing the profitability of the power generation division, which is expected to grow faster. Coal is good for supply and demand throughout the year, and coal prices are expected to run at high prices throughout the year: the latest offshore price for the port of Qin.
The price of power coal in the range of 5800, 5000 and 4,500 calories increased by 4.96 per cent on a year-on-year basis; the impact was that many coal mines, such as the Goki, Goya, Inner Mongolia and Shaanxi, ceased production in the region; and coal-cleaning plants ceased in the region; and the capacity of coal production was significantly reduced, leading to frequent price increases and further stimulus for coal-producing areas.
In addition, in the 11 cities where Kyoto is growing, a new round of gas-enhanced inspectors was launched on June 11 to control open-air mines and dust, which will inevitably affect coal production. On the demand side, the demand for electricity is significantly higher than in previous years, and the demand for coal will be stronger during the season.
There is still room for rising coal prices in the short term. Over 18 years, 150 million tons of production capacity has continued, coal supply relations have improved, policies such as the minimum and maximum coal stocks in the over-country have been implemented, and mechanisms for signing and delivering coal and electricity companies have been developed to benefit the coal market.
As a result of the stability of the field and prices, coal prices are expected to continue with high shocks throughout the 18-year period. (Expected returns; er) are expected, as follows: Figure: Average Coal Price Index for Powered Coal
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.