Rapid growth in corporate income, accelerated growth in intelligent education, 26th of 2019  Increased input and market layout, high growth in revenue collection: $8,067 million in 2018
In the fourth quarter, 2,784 million yuan was collected, an increase of 35.28 per cent. In 2018, the net profit of the company grew at a slower rate than the increase in revenue, mainly because the company continued to increase its investment in research and development in areas related to artificial intelligence.
Inputs from state-of-the-art construction, as well as from the municipal layout of key tracks such as education, law, health care, smart cities, salaries and fees for new staff, R & D costs and sales costs, have all shown higher growth than in previous years, affecting the company's current net profits and its ability to make profits in the next phase.
A solid foundation has been laid for the promotion, strengthening of industry leaders and the guarantee of sustainable development. • A strategy for the sustained advancement of the Platform + Track: a world leader based on autonomous intellectual property rights
The results are constantly visible, with 12 international firsts in key core artificial intelligence technology areas. On the Platform, the ART Open Platform continues to provide the ability to develop and service artificial intelligence around mobile Internet, the wide range of smart hardware, and large entrepreneurship developers and large-scale users.
Open platforms are active in building industrial ecological chains, and by 2018, the number of open platforms partners stood at 920,000, an increase of 77.60% over the same period. On the track, science-based issues continue to work in the fields of education, justice, medical treatment, smart cities, smart services, and smart cars.
1. Science and Technology Flying: High Income Growth, coupled with a joint venture to set up a new company, which will explore the promise of a combination of brain skills and research and development inputs in health, education and education.
Innovative applications and industrialization in the field.  Information for education policy dividends, and intelligent education performance is expected to accelerate: after April 13, 2018,2 Science and Technology: Income growth is faster than expected, and we are not going to be able to achieve this goal.
On 23 February 2019, after the Ministry of Education issued the Action Plan on Informatization of Education 2.0, it was expected that the launch period would be completed.
Two educational documents, 2035 Modernizing Education, which informs the education system, will be the main focus of the country's investment in education. The company, by adhering to the concept of “Asymptomatic support for education, giving effect to the dream of educational achievement,” actively promotes the innovation of educational models and the introduction of intellectual education.
As its main track, it sets out the whole picture of education, forming a series of smart educational products, such as “Intelligent Examinations, Brains, Brains, Schools” and achieving full coverage, terminal coverage, and data continuity of the teacher's business process. As of mid-2018, the science and science science science and intelligence education products had been developed.
With more than 15,000 schools in the country, with more than 15 million deep users. We expect that, as teaching information becomes the focus of future construction, the State will increase its investment in education as a percentage of the funding for education as a whole.
Technology will be applied to more scenarios across the education informatization landscape, where companies, as leaders in the area of artificial intelligence, are expected to achieve accelerated business growth in the wave of education communications, with full coverage of hardware and software in the field of intellectual education.
▪ Non-publicly released shares were approved and the executives ' confidence was increased: on 27 August 2018, the company ' s closed-issued stock programme was approved by the Board, and the company will raise a total of not more than $3.474 billion through the non-public distribution of stocks, mainly for the new generation of knowledge and cognitive core technology R & D projects, smart voice artificial intelligence open platform projects, smart service robots and applications product projects, sales and service system upgrading projects
According to the company announcement, as of October 25, 2018, the chairman and president of the company, Liu Qingfeng, had a portfolio of 551,000 shares of the company, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.