China’s peace perspective is in depth: the dawn break, the reforms, the 20th of July, 2022.
In the early dawn of the dawn, the reforms were minimal. The traditional life insurance industry has been experiencing a rising premium since 2018, and the research assistant has fallen, the proxies have lost, the value of new business has fallen, and the epidemic has spread further.
We believe that the pace of recovery of the personal risk industry needs to go through the “Improvement of stock capacity — stable marketing — bottom of the new policy premium — upwards in value, now in the transition phase II to phase III. Peace, as a pioneer in the industry, has been in place since 2019.
The continuation of the “Four Channels+3 Products” life-risk reform is expected to lead the industry out of the trap. By percentage point, the silver-insurance elite can produce more than twice as much as the traditional life-risk agents, and the digitalization of channels into agent-run smartness pilots has been extended to 65% of the business sector.
In October 2021, the company launched its talent-hunting plan for the season, and we expect that there will still be downward pressure on the size of the workforce in mid-2022, but the quality of the system will increase further. The "Five Stars" evaluation system is based on a digital tool that focuses on "good performance."
The three dimensions of good quality and good behavior, which are built on the logic of “behavior supports good quality, good quality drives good performance”, lead the team to form a positive feedback mechanism on “retention for improved quality, increased income, increased efficiency”.
It is of strategic importance to raise bank revenues, meet customer diversification of asset allocation needs, and optimize the life insurance channel structure, with a new model of safe private wealth experts with hundreds of millions of dollars broken over the past week.
The three main themes of home-based old-age, health-care management are: "Insurance plus health management", "Insurance plus high-end old-age", "Insurance plus home-based old-age" products and services are poorly structured, with different competitive advantages, and are reflected in the four product systems of "Insurance plus Health Management", "Insurance plus Home-based old-age"
In addition to the value, a complete product-plus-services strategic system has been developed in three dimensions, accelerating the integration of products and services and providing warm and sensitive insurance services to clients. The 1q22 insurance-plus product has contributed more than a third of its new business value.
“Promoting customer coverage – increasing monthly vibration – improving health.” The old blue sea market under the “9073” model, with high-end market demand compatible with the safety circle.
The growth rate is expected to pick up again in the context of the gradual recovery of new operations; the remaining margins of the company are being increased at a rate of 10 per cent, respectively, based on a conservative assumption of a loss of 10 per cent, giving a target valuation of 0.84 p/ev for life insurance operations.
Bottom, asset-end beta contribution over-revenues, door-open red catalyzing liability alpha. We're making a small cut for profit.
1. Introduction: At dawn, the reforms began to break, at dawn, and at dawn, Momu saw Jiangbo. Shen Myung-sung's "Gang Doo" depicts the first dawn that struck the calm on the side of the river.
Over the years, the life-threatening industry has continued to face complex internal and external dilemmas, with half a hundred miles of reform never happening overnight, and reform is always taking place only after new discoveries, and we believe that peace, as a leader in life-risk reform, can lead the industry out of it.
At the dawn of the life-threatening industry, "The Qin has been suffering for a long time." The country's life-risk industry, which has been in a bottleneck phase since 2018, is facing a decline in premiums, loss of agents, a decline in the value of new businesses, and the spread of the epidemic has led to a decline in the traditional life-risk industry.
The market continues to wait for signs of a turning point for life-risk liabilities, and while there is no substantial structural change on both sides of supply demand, opportunities are being created. On the supply side, as the collapse of recent years has intensified, there are signs of stability in the listing of risk companies since May, and we believe that high-quality listed risk companies will not return to the old path of “pushing heads” and team development will be “survive”.
On the demand side, increased lifetime risk sales have led to a new one-size-fits-all stabilization, with combined advantages of safety, profitability, and liquidity emerging from a low interest rate environment and a volatile equity market. The need for high-risk risk is difficult to re-emerge in the short term, with new manpower as a major constraint.
In the second half of 2022, in combination with the low base and the gradual recovery of production capacity, 3q22-4q22 or the “l bottom” of the new list and team will appear. We believe that the recovery of the personal risk industry will require a “stock capacity improvement — stable marketing force — the build-up of the new policy premium — a value increase.
Upward, currently in the transition period from phase II to phase III. Figure 4: The new single base of life insurance is low and is expected to meet the new single point. Figure 3: The “l bottom” of the new list and team at present
The traditional life insurance sector is facing a number of internal and external challenges, as a result of repeated outbreaks of new coronary pneumonia, changes in client demand, prudential consumption, and difficulties in marketing high-risk products.
At the same time, with the rise of flexible employment and the gradual erosion of the demographic dividend, the past crude human-driven development model in the life-threatening sector has become unsustainable, and the transition and changes are urgent. In the long run, China’s population’s need for security has been strong, and the above-mentioned challenges facing the life-threatening sector do not bring about a fundamental change in the prospects for development in the industry.
In September 2020, the life insurance reform entered its implementation phase, placing greater emphasis on the three main directions of upgrading channels, product upgrading, and business upgrading. The reform project focused more on the implementation of the 12 priority projects of the life insurance reform.
In 2022, the company stepped up its digitalization pilot and deepened its transformation projects. Since 2021, the Strategic Framework for Change of the Life Insurance "Four Channels + Three Products" has been improved.
With regard to the products of the life insurance reform, the Health and Health Circle of the Life Insurance Group, through “Insurance + Health Management”, “Insurance + High-end Pensions”, and “Insurance + Old-Age Pensions,”
The three core services of “Insurance+Age at Home” construct a differentiated competitive advantage. Figure 5: Life insurance continues to drive the reform strategy of the “Four Channels+3 Products”
Knowing, prescient and pre-emptive, China was in peace in 2019 firmly determined to launch life-risk reforms, cracking down on the challenges of transition, and pursuing high-quality transformations with specialization and differentiation. Although the new crowning epidemic, which has been adding to the industry’s downward spiral, has made life-threatening prospects for change, as the reform path has become clearer, the dawn is on the horizon, and the victory is on the horizon.
At the Summit, Mr. Ma Min Chul, Chairman of the Board of Directors, delivered a message in which he said, “The three-way reform of the life insurance scheme, the dawn is ahead and the victory is in sight. Convinced that China will be on its way to an insurance country, the Chinese life insurance industry will be on its way to a new opportunity for historical development, and life is on its way to a new glimmer of glory!” The Secretary and Chairman of the Peace Life Party will be on his way to reform the life insurance scheme.
This is summarized as a channel transformation, product upgrading, cultural orientation, in which: 1) the channel transformation anchors the creation of the "three-high teams", the "three-to-five-star" evaluation system, the "double-favour project" and the basic law optimisation in tandem; 2) product upgrading aims to optimize the diversity of products and services such as "insurance plus health management", "insurance plus welfare", "insurance plus home-based ageing" through innovation, etc.
(c) Culture leads, practises a new culture of values, trades coarse, transformational upgrades, and peace requires taking advantage of opportunities, challenges, originals, clean-up, reshaping of the intellectual and cultural system, leading to a new value culture of “professionality, making life easier” of high quality in the future,
Sustainable, longer-term healthy development. After nearly three years of exploration, the path to peace reform has become clearer, its effectiveness has become more visible, and its pace on the path to reform has become stronger.
Life insurance reform is in its third phase, with the dawn ahead and the prospect of victory ahead. We are convinced that China will be on its way to an insurance country, that China's life insurance industry will come up with a new opportunity for historical development, and that life insurance will set a new promise for a second time!
I believe that, under the leadership of the President and the life insurance team, all of our friends will unite and lead the new chapter of 100-year life insurance change!
After more than two years of exploration in 2019, the path of life-risk reform has become very clear and visible, summed up in three words: first, the transformation of channels and the creation of a “three-high” team; second, product upgrading and temperature insurance; and third, cultural leadership and the practice of a new culture of values.
“Fullness maximization” is the test for all efforts, and it will be a life risk re-starting business, and it will be followed closely by the “Integrated Finance + Medical Ecology” advantage of the group, which will make a firm transition to quality and progress towards the goals of the three-star industry and the “three-high” team.
As of the end of March 2022, the proportion of university and higher education agents had risen by 3.5 percentage points; community networking had taken place.
China’s Safe Pingan pilot in 11 cities has seen a significant increase in the 13-month policy for orphans. At the end of the product: as of the first quarter of 2022, the new business value of the safe “insurance plus” product had contributed more than a third.
In the first quarter of 2022, China's financial report focused on “channels and products” reform, which was accompanied by a combination of marginal improvements in the performance of life-saving risks and a first-time breakdown in the effectiveness of the reforms. In the three years since the implementation of the reform, the initiative has been deepening, with the creation of a life-risk reform team and group chairman-in-chief.
Ming Chul's personal leadership, selection of the Senior General for Project-end Innovations, plans to develop multi-channel innovations into product-enders, community + home-based old-age + health management, and comprehensive data management, safe and secure in the large size of the group, and steady and steady in taking the group's potential. Peace has taken the lead when the risk industry is developing a catch signal.
We expect a narrow drop in the same caliber of nbv in the company, figure 8: we expect the company's nbv to grow at the end.
2. Channels of change in life insurance: building on excellence, exploring multiple proxies, still contributing to the transformation of life insurance fundamentals and gradually increasing its contribution. Since the reform, the single agent channel has been transformed into a multi-channel, with four main channels and a major emphasis on the restructuring of channels for life insurance operations.
The four main channels are proxy channels, community grid-based channels (including primary electrical sales), bank-based channels of excellence and sink channels, where agent-based channels focus on layering and fine-tuning operations, “diamonds”, “subsperents”, “newcomers” are working together to facilitate the transformation of the “three-high” teams; community-based grid-based channels are “line-plus”
Underline, “farmer-type” community-based farming models, developing a cadre of high-quality grid-based commissioners and transforming the stock of “orphans” by first serving and then selling; the silver insurance channel, in turn, creating an elite new silver insurance team, sharing bank quality clients' resources, building a one-stop wealth management of “insurance plus finance”; and the sinking channel sword to potential cities, towns and counties.
As the reform of safe and diversified channels continues to deepen, the effectiveness of innovative operations becomes apparent. As of the end of March 2022, the share of proxies at the tertiary level and above in safe and secure channels had risen by 3.5 percentage points; and the number of talented employees at the silver market had improved.
Community grid-based business models have been successfully piloted in Shanghai, Shenzhen and Shenyang, with an increase of eight pilot cities and roll-out, with a significant increase of more than 20 per cent in the continuation of the 13-month policy of the corporate orphan policy in 2021, while the digitization of channels has been further successful, with the introduction of an agent-led smartness test.
It has been extended to 65 per cent of the business sector, and the contribution of three major innovative channels to value has continued to rise. The contribution of multiple channels, nbv, has expanded from 9.1 per cent in 2019 to 15.1 per cent in 2021.
The community grid distribution channels include the original grid distribution channels, and bank excellence channels include the original silver insurance channels; 2) the orphan is a valid insurance policy for sales on behalf of an agent who ceases to have an agent relationship with a life insurance policy prior to the termination of the agent's relationship; 3) the customer's average potential is the amount of insurance that a wealth customer expects to purchase a life insurance product; 4) the sunk market.
Field and sink channels refer to the development of innovative channels for potential clients in three or four-line cities and townships with a focus on life risk.
With the loss of the bonus and the consumer’s demand for higher quality insurance products and services, the current team development is a path of “better growth” and “internal consumption” is futile. The peace and well-being reform is aimed at the transformation of the risk channel, focusing on talent selection and subsequent development, and the implementation of a hierarchy of agents.
In October 2021, the talent-hunting programme was launched safely, with the aim of creating an exclusive culture system for life-risk agents by providing a better quality of training, treatment, development and platform, helping life-risk agents to adapt more quickly to the working environment and thus become future life-risk elites and leading industry's “insurance companies”
The recruitment programme has been successful since its inception. By the end of March 2022, corporate agents had slipped between 10.4 and 538,000 by the beginning of 2022, with 3.5 percentage points higher than in the previous year, and we expect further downward pressure to cut the mid-2022 caseload, but the quality of agents will improve further.
The pool of talent, through innovative and exclusive development models and technological empowerment to create competitive elite marketing teams, provides a broad career path for excellence, training it as an insurance expert to guide the future development of the industry.
At present, the lack of a stable base salary for insurance agents and a basic guarantee of five insurance premiums is one of the central constraints to the quality development of a risk channel and one of the main reasons why it is difficult to absorb good talent. Since June 2022, the Good Plus program has been launched.
In conjunction with the Good+ Carabinerant Scheme, which is designed to recruit youth insurance forces, create client-friendly groups of professional agents, and address the combined needs of clients in the form of deep insurance guarantees, wealth transfers, etc. The Good Plus Carabinerant Scheme is specifically designed for new entrants who are unable to secure their income during the transition period and provides them with training allowances and diversification for up to 18 months.
In the case of financial support, staff members are given a start-up allowance, escort allowance, training allowance, and a special merit award. In the case of development funds, staff members are provided with merit prizes, bonuses, promotion awards, directors’ allowances and promotion development.