25q1 net profit from motherhood equal to +3 per cent is expected, and the upper cycle hydraulic tap is expected to benefit fully
In the first quarter of 2025, operating income was 2.42 billion yuan, or 2.6 per cent of the year, and the mother ' s net profit was 620 million yuan, or 2.6 per cent of the year, while household and internationalization strategies were beginning to show results. By product, 1 hydraulic tank: 4.76 billion yuan, or 1.4 per cent of the year, was achieved in 2024, and the product structure was significantly improved. 2 hydraulic pump valves: income was achieved in 2024.
Three hundred and eighty million yuan, or +9.6 per cent of the year, the market share of the excavator pump valves has continued to rise, and the industrial pump valves have gradually been released.3 Hydraulic hydraulic material taps, which are expected to benefit fully from the engineering and machinery up-to-date cycle, are well controlled in terms of overall cost controls and maintain high profitability.
The Division's profitability remains excellent, and we believe that due mainly to the increased strategic contribution of company one, it now has a market share in such areas as excavators, high machines, shields, seawork, industry, etc., which fully secures the company's market for hydraulics.
At the cost end, the company ' s sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates were increased in 2024, respectively.
In the future, the company’s profitability is expected to increase with the introduction of new products, new businesses, and the continued expansion of the overseas layout.
• The offshore factory + Thing project has a lot of flowers to build a second growth curve.
The location of the overseas production base has helped the company to successfully cut into the North American excavator, high machine, high-end customer supply chain, and to grow space. (2) Linear Drive project: the company has set up three departments.
By the end of 2024, the company had made small batch orders downstream of the engine bed, the emplacing machine, and was expected to continue to climb the slope in 2025.
The process-mechanical electric parts, which are now first laid out in high-powered products, have been fully validated in the market, and will not have the opportunity to be validated in more engineering-mechanical products. Development prospects, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
In any event, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it is not consistent.