The demand for engineering machinery warms back, linear drive release is time-bound Events: 1) companies publish annual reports for 2024, yielding revenues of $9,390 million a year, up 2) companies publish quarterly reports for 2025, yielding revenues of $2,422 million for 2025, correspondingly to an increase of 2,025q1
The company is expected to benefit fully from the upward trend of hydraulic pump valves and motors. According to the Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries,
The sale of domestic excavators in 2024 has been on track, with 10,543 sales made throughout the year, 11.7 per cent more than the year, and domestic demand has benefited from the continued power of the policy end, while the industry has entered a new renewal cycle based on the life of the excavator for about eight years, and we believe that domestic demand is expected to usher in a new up-to-date cycle.
At the export end, data on the monthly exports of excavators have changed from year to year in the second half of last year, and export growth is expected to continue with the highest/lowest prices for the country's producers for 12 months as the plant continues to open in overseas markets, while the company itself is also expected to continue.
Linear drive projects are time-limited and are expected to create new growth poles. Companies use $1.4 billion in fund-raising to invest in a linear drive project with high standards of constant temperature and humidity.
Processing and earthquake-proofing workshops. During the two-year lead-up period, the company completed the development of dozens of products, including fine < < Māori ratio increase significantly, and continued to take stock of the company ' s many rollers, planetary rollers, straight-line tracks, etc., and at 2024.
In the second quarter of 2024, a partial pilot model and programme validation began.
With complete processing capacity and extensive matchmaking between companies and domestic customers, the project is now in the bulk production phase of the internationalization of the project to strengthen the competitiveness of companies.
Development >--2022-10-26 Warming of Engineering Machinery Requirements, Linear Drive Timetable Pacific Securities Co. Ltd.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
This report is issued only to the signatory clients of the service agreement with the Pacific securities, the exclusive research product of the Pacific securities-contracting customers, and if you are not a Pacific securities-contracting customer, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any information in this report. Pacific securities will not be considered a Pacific securities customer by the recipient as a result of receiving, reading or paying attention to the content of this report in the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report