Shinji Mountain Convergence Head, constant hydraulic pressure (60110.sh) benefits from the recovery of the excavator in the short to medium to long term from electricization and globalization.
\triangleright Market data: May 13, 2025.
The decrease in exchange rate earnings and the company ' s foreign exchange swap operations, as a result of the decrease in interest income on the original time deposits, is accounted for by the decrease in the amount of R & D costs of $728 million and R & D costs of 7.75 per cent, which is relatively stable.
The main hydraulics industry is robust, thanks mainly to the increase in the share of excavators, the release of non-digging products, and the opening of overseas markets. The company earns $4,761 million, or +1.44 per cent, of the products of the hydraulic tanks, mainly thanks to improvements in the product structure, in which the excavator tanks contribute more to the production of non-digger tanks, which are subject to the industry’s cycle.
Hydraulic pump valves and motor products earn 3,583 million yuan, a record high of +9.63 per cent, of which the share of machine pump valves continues to rise, and pumps valves are gradually released in the industrial sector. Firm internationalization strategies are being implemented in Mexico, with post-sale centres in the United States, Brazil, Indonesia, India, etc., in the United States.
There are R & D centres in Germany, France, Japan, etc., which cover more than 20 countries and regions, with easy access to information, direct corporate export sales to the United States amounting to about 5% of business income, and the relative control of tariff effects by Mexican factory owners in order to supply Mexico’s domestic market demand and North American market demand.
In order to continue to deepen the public power strategy layout, companies have used $1.4 billion to raise funds to invest in the construction of linear drive projects. Research and development has been completed on dozens of products, including compact rollers, planetary rollers, straight-line guidance tracks, etc.
In the second quarter of 2024, some model testing and programme validation began, and in September 2024 line equipment was fully processed, and the project is now in bulk production. The company’s linear execution is expected to be applied to the machine-bed industry, the human robotics industry, etc., and new business growth is expected in the medium to long term.
In the short term, the company will benefit from the recovery of the excavator, which is expected to result in a significant increase in the fuel tanks and pump valves associated with the excavator; in the medium and long term, the company will have electricity.
Dynamic operations (e.g. linear executors), global layout (e.g. Mexican factories, etc.) will gradually contribute Policy volatility risks: the company's hydraulic parts and components industry is a key component of infrastructure equipment, such as excavators, marine engineering equipment, port machinery, etc., and its development and macroeconomic situation
More relevant, changes in macro-policy and capital-asset investment will have an impact on the demand of sub-firm households and consequently on the marketing of corporate products. Market expansion risks: firms have accelerated the pace of internationalization strategies in recent years, increasing their presence in Europe, and in Europe,
\triangleright Market development and investment in overseas markets such as North America and South-East Asia.
There is still a certain degree of uncertainty and risk associated with overseas investments. Exchange rate volatility risk: the company's operations in Europe and North America have grown rapidly in recent years, with a certain amount of euro, dollar operations and, if the euro and dollar have fluctuated, a certain impact on the company's financial position.
Risk of price volatility of raw materials: The company ' s main raw materials include steel, casting, exercise, sealing \triangleright, etc., and the cost of procurement may be affected by a variety of factors, such as market supply and demand, supplier production conditions, etc.
Change, etc., if the price of raw materials such as steel rises, or puts some pressure on the company’s production. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research opinion. I will not be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.