Stereo hydraulic pressure (601,100): historic highs in the field, linearly driven projects entering the stage of production Reporting reasons: performance rating
Events: The company ' s annual report, published in 2024, achieved a business income of 9.39 billion yuan, an increase of 4.51 per cent over the year; the impact of a downturn in exchange gains and losses due to factors such as net repatriation and exchange rate fluctuations between the United States dollar and the Mexican peso; the continued high cost of R & D at 7 per cent; and investment in the establishment of a sustained international R & D centre, reflecting firm corporate determination to consolidate core competitiveness through R & D innovation.
In this context, companies continue to make significant capital expenditures for overseas capacity-building and electrical layouts, and still achieve historic high revenues of $939 billion. This is largely due to the company's “diversification” strategy, the increased market share of hydraulic valve products from excavators, and the continued release of non-engineering machinery products.
The company’s hydraulic tank product has seen a small increase in income, largely as a result of the improved product structure; The hydraulic pump valves and motor products have increased by 9.63% over the year; the share of the excavator pump valves has continued to rise; and the industrial sector has seen a steady increase in hydraulics.
Linear drivers are in the production stage, and Mexican factories are starting to test production. The company uses $1.4 billion to raise funds for the construction of the \triangleright linear drive, which has high standards of steady-temperature, humid precision processing and seismic precision grinding workshops.
During the two-year preparatory period, the company completed the development of dozens of products, including sophisticated rollers, planetary rollers, straight-line guidance tracks, and started partial model testing and programme validation in the second quarter of 2024. The production line equipment was fully processed in September 2024, and the company has extensive interfaces with domestic customers, and the project is now in bulk production.
In addition, the company's overseas Mexican plant has been built into experimental production, which is continuing “internationalization, diversification, electrodynamicization” in order to deepen the American market.
Putting a solid foundation on which to achieve the expected post-partum contribution of some $1.703 billion in additional productive capacity can effectively mitigate international trade risks. Catalyzing a corporate summary report. Investment recommendations: companies are domestic hydraulic taps, boost the market share of dredging pump valves, and continue to release non-digger products and push forward.
“Internationalization, multi-internationalization and electricization strategies.” The business strategy is advancing steadily, taking into account capital spending and cost expansion of corporate fund-raising projects and the impact of fluctuations in international trade.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the steady progress of overseas projects, which are difficult to block downstream, use legally compliant data, carefully draw conclusions, and produce the present report independently and objectively.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.