In the near future, the photovoltaic integration dragons are reloaded — a deep report from Crystal Technologies (002459.sz) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Wu Ho Research Assistant, equal-priced future, photovoltaic integration dragon head reloaded on July 08, 2020.
The company is the lead in the integration of the photovoltage industry chain, with components for 2018-2019, crystals technology (002459.sz) being the second largest global cargo, with silicon tablets, batteries, assembly capacity of 11.5, 11, and 11gw by the end of 2019.
In order to provide for itself, components account for more than 90% of the company’s total revenue. In recent years, the volume of corporate sales has been growing year by year, adding to the company’s continuous decline in efficiency gains and the expansion of overseas markets, the net profit on corporate parenthood has continued to grow, with a net return of $1,252 million in 2019, which represents an increase in the overall interest of top executives and companies, while optimizing the company’s capital structure.
In the year 2020, domestic loading is expected to go into a synchronized global growth phase. We expect the benefits of global photovoltaics to drop to an average of about $0.033/kwh in 2020, and the final price project to reach 25.97gw in 2020, taking into account components.
Wu Ho Research Assistant The scale of the PQP project is expected to be higher than expected because of the competitive advantage of falling prices; it is expected that overseas aircraft will be installed in 2020 by 81.4gw, a 4.1 per cent drop in comparison, that prices at the end of the manufacture will create a vast space for future photovoltaic development, and that companies will benefit fully from industry growth.
The components are light-assessed, downstream to collect bids, and production firms are less able to negotiate. The top line is to accelerate the replacement of the landscape through R & D, while building on the advantages of scale. Companies focus on offshore markets with higher rates of pricing, more than 70% of overseas receipts in 2019, and companies are overseas.
There are a wide range of marketing channels, with multiple overseas partners accumulated through multi-country product certification, and strong brand and channel barriers. Risk factors: less than expected global photovoltaics; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials; risk of changes in technology routes; risks in international trade, etc.
The market is concerned about a sharp decline in the three-quarter reloading of domestic light-voltage machines after two quarters of the delayed bidding project. We believe that the national bid for 2020 has now been announced, and we're in a position to do so.
The process of renewal and construction is expected to accelerate; while low prices for products from the photovoltaic industry chain bring about better economics for end-loading, the three-quarter loading is expected to be over-expected in order to avoid supply constraints and higher prices resulting from the concentration of four quarters. Markets fear the effects of the overseas epidemic will cause a decline in the demand for light and domestic manufacturing to take hold.
We think that the size of the overseas photovoltaics is the same as last year, at about 80gw, and that, given the increase in the size of the domestic ones, it is expected to be 120gw worldwide. At the same time, we expect that in the fourth quarter of the year, for both domestic and foreign demand booms, there are markets at the right end of demand that fear that the photovoltaic integration taps will become less competitive as the technology upgrades and costs fall earlier because they are built.
In addition, as a traditional leader of the industry chain, sustained R & D inputs, with battery conversion efficiency and component power reaching 22.9% and above, respectively, in 2020, while companies continue to promote the transformation of their original and new production capacities, closely following industry progress. As a champion of the photovoltaic industry, companies have built strong channels and customer barriers, continued to open their overseas markets and continued to increase their profitability.
I. Photovoltage integration taps, re-engaging shells to a new journey
Second, in 2019, the market held 8.55%. The company was one of the pioneers in the photovoltaic industry, and it became a leading company in the photovoltaic industry with complete industrial chains and coordinated structural layouts.
In 2018, Crystal Australasia was privatized and retired from NASDAQ, while Jing Taefu and its Chang Electronics were given 100% of the share of the crystal Australasia solar energy, which was changed from a foreign sole-sourced enterprise to an in-house enterprise, and in 2019, the crystal Australasian Solar Censorship has returned to the stock market. Photovoltaic assemblies are the company’s main business, and sales are growing year by year. By the end of 2019, the company’s silicone, battery and component capacity were 11.5, 11 and 11gw, respectively.
The production of silicon and battery tablets is largely self-supporting and meets the production of components, with the company’s solar component accounting for more than 90% of its operations over the past two years. The sales of the company’s components grew annually, with 10.3gw sales in 2019, a 27.3% increase compared to that of the year.
While commodity prices have fallen and corporate revenues have fallen slightly over the same year, while the cost of corporate materials and non-silicon costs have declined significantly, the Māori rate has increased considerably, driving the net return growth. In 2019, companies further optimized their costs, while overseas markets with a higher Māori rate were released, and companies achieved a revenue of RMB 21,155 million, an increase of 7.67 per cent, a net return of RMB 12,52 million, an increase of 74.09 per cent, and a Māori rate of 21.26 per cent, an increase of 2.42 per cent.
The company holds shareholders in Jing Taifu Technologies Ltd., and the person actually controls Mr. Pavong. The remaining five holding shareholders include China Jianjin (10.54%), its Chang-eun (5.17%), Shenzhen Bo-Shen (3.85%) and Jing-Ning and 0.77%. Active use of capital market instruments for equity incentives and binding of core executives and corporate interests.a Since the stock market, companies have actively used capital market instruments to identify the interests of their employees and companies as a whole.a
436 incentive clients awarded restricted shares at a price of $8.07/share; 110 incentive clients were given stock options at a price of $16.14/----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Effective batteries and 10gw high-efficiency components and accompanying projects: 1.5 billion yuan to supplement liquidity. Of these, the Moushin project will use a variety of advanced technological processes in company reserves such as large silicon tablets of 180-210 mm specifications, multi-record techniques, semi-scene technology, dilayer plating glass, high energy density components, optimization of laser cutting processes, optimization of border structures, etc., to enhance production capacity, conversion efficiency and reliability.
Global photovoltaics are projected to grow by 8.9 per cent in 2020, mainly by domestic contributions, starting with a synchronized growth phase at the domestic and international levels in 2021. The cost of electricity generation has declined, with global installed capacity increasing steadily in recent years, with global photovoltaics increasing by 6.3 per cent in 2019; the overseas market, with 84.9gw, grew by 33.2 per cent compared to 33.2 per cent, and the domestic installation of 30.1gw was achieved later in time because of the related policies, a decline of 32.3 per cent.
In 2020, domestic policies were relatively sustainable in comparison to 2019, and earlier landed, together with domestic control of the epidemic within a relatively short period of time in the first quarter, with a projected annual build-up of 43.8gw, an increase of 45.8 per cent compared to the previous year; overseas, with some developing country markets being more affected by the epidemic, the overseas loading of 81.4gw was expected to take place overseas throughout the year, and in the future, the impact of the epidemic has led to prices for the photovoltage industry chain at the next step within a relatively short period of time, with a further increase in the price of photovoltaic power, which is expected to be higher in 2021.
All of them will be on a fast-track, with global photovoltaics 145 and 165gw projected for 2021-2022, an increase of 15.8 per cent and 13.8 per cent over the same period. 2.1 The domestic photovoltaic policy is expected to move ahead with the expected build-up of aircraft throughout the year at a higher than expected size of RMB/kwh, at 1,200h hours, the equivalent of 5.2gw, taking into account a one-month buffer period, the actual load of which is expected to be 7gw; and the bidding project is subsidized by RMB 1 billion, root
According to the results of the bid, the size of the bid was 25.97gw, assuming 55 per cent connectivity, and the actual installation of 14.3gw was expected; 80 per cent of the 2019 deferred bid project was expected to be connected to the grid, corresponding to 10.5gw; and 7gw of the forecasted price parity project, together with the runner ' s incentive and the ultra-high pressure evacuation project, was projected to be 43.8gw of light-voltage machines throughout the year, which is the same as the 2019 deferred bid project, which contributed to the increase in the size of the domestic second quarter.
The proposed 21.9gw in 2019 subsidy counter-price project is influenced by the late introduction of the policy, with actual connectivity at around 40% in 2019, with the remaining. The second quarter of the above-mentioned project will effectively contribute to the growth in the size of the country’s two-quarter light-voltage aircraft, which we expect to be more than 10gw in the second quarter.
The reduction in subsidy intensity contributed to the higher than expected size of the bid in 2020 by 49.2 per cent; the average power subsidy strength of the centralized and fully distributed power stations was $0.033/kwh, a 52.7 per cent decrease in the same year, and the average electricity subsidy strength of the self-service, residual-accessed distributed power stations was $0.03/kwh, a 25.7 per cent decrease in the same year.
The subsidy was reduced in intensity, from 25.97gw in 2020 to 13.95% in comparison with the previous year. In the case of the $1 billion subsidy in 2020, which fell by 41% in comparison with the same year, the subsidy fell in intensity, and in the case of the final price item in 2020, from 25.97gw to 14% in comparison with the same year. Of these, 25.63gw, or 98.7%, was installed in the ordinary photovoltaic power station; 0.33gw, or 1.3%, was distributed in full-time commerce; and 0.08gw, or 0.03%, was distributed on a self-service and residual basis.
The subsidy intensity of the general power station in one resource area is reduced to $0.0158/kwh/kwh. The acceleration of the price parity period is accelerated in the three resource areas. For each of the three resource areas, the minimum price subsidy strength of the resource area is RMB0.001/kwh. Of these, the average power station in the I resource area has the largest reduction in the intensity of the electricity subsidy, which falls by RMB 0.0505/kwh to RMB 0.0158/kwh compared to the same year. Access to the Internet is closer to parity, the ii resource area is reduced by RMB0.0369/kwh to RMB0.038/kwh, and the power subsidy intensity is the highest in the three resource areas, and the subsidy project is also the largest;
The level of subsidy in the resource area is stable at $0.0348/kwh. Parity projects are expected to become a subsequent over-expected factor. The first PFP lists published in 2019, with 4.5gw and 9.2gw, respectively, to be connected by 2019 and 2020, are expected to be completed by 2019.
The size of the project is about 2gw, while the total size of the new projects deferred from 2019+20 in the first batch is 11.7gw; at the same time, since this year, five provinces have announced 8.83gw photovoltaic projects, which include 8.44gw items in addition to stock-to-equity. As noted earlier, in the context of the sharp decline in electricity subsidies for competitive projects, taking into account the price of the chain of industries affected by the epidemic in the previous six months, the economic nature of the parity projects has gradually been highlighted, and the parity projects are expected to become an important factor in the over-expanding scale of the next full year.
2.2 The 2020 epidemic has affected overseas loading pressure and the price of manufactured end-products has reduced the scope for future growth The offshore market is projected to be 81.4gw, a 4.1 per cent decline over the year, with EU markets being relatively limited by the epidemic and demand recovering in a relatively short period of time, with a projected increase in the size of aircraft such as Germany and the Netherlands; Japan ' s 2021 photovoltaic subsidy policy may be changed from a fixed-price (Fit) to a premium (fip).
Policy changes are expected to increase the size of installed aircraft in 2020; the impact of the epidemic on households in the United States market is expected to decline somewhat, and commercial distribution and centralized power stations are relatively stable and stable overall. Moreover, the demand for installed aircraft in developing countries is more affected by the epidemic, while some countries are not currently under clear control, and the recession and currency devaluations resulting from the epidemic have some impact on photovoltaic machines.
The price of manufactured end-products will decline in future growth opportunities in overseas markets. Historically, the price of components has declined to boost the economy of photovoltaic power, supporting the growth of overseas photovoltaics, and thus the growth of our component exports.
The upgrade will further stimulate global growth in the size of photovoltaics, which are expected to be 100 gw and 115gw overseas in 2021-2022, respectively, with a 22.9 per cent increase over the same period, and in the longer term, Bloomberg ' s new energy portfolio is projected to reach 24 per cent of the global total by 2050, compared with 2.4 per cent in 2018, and 10 times higher in the future, with the photovoltaic industry developing rapidly, with large future market space, increasing demand for high-efficiency batteries and components for companies, and rising in the future, as is the case for companies.
iii. Continuous upgrading of the power of the company ' s components, creation of global channels and customer barriers, low asset attributes for component 3.1 components, rapid technological upgrading, light asset attributes for the photovoltage industry chain components, low investment for singlegw.
The total investment in the battery sheet gw was $30-350 million/gw, of which the equipment investment was $20-250 million/gw; the total investment in the component unit gw was $250 million/gw, the equipment investment was $100 million/gw with light asset attributes and high turnover of fixed assets.
In terms of product prices, the price of the component follows the price of the battery, and the difference in the price of the component and the battery is about 0.75-0.85/w. Component sequences are stable, leading firms have a clear competitive advantage. Lead firms rely on technology advantages to upgrade the product, reduce the power cost of the terminal PV station, and recruit downstream.
At the same time, leading firms maintained their competitiveness and increased their market share by scalding through the integrated layout of the industrial chain or some of the key components of the layout. From 2018 to 2019, the number of components in the toptop ranking remained essentially unchanged, with Crystal and Australasia ranked second, with the number of firms increasing from 39.4 per cent to 45.0 per cent in terms of market share.
In recent years, the company has been at the forefront of the industry in terms of its R & D input, which has contributed to the continuous upgrading of component power levels. Through continuous product R & D and process improvements, the company has continued to refine components, batteries and silicon technology, applying a variety of technologies such as single crystal perc battery technology, double-faced technology, multi-facilized technology, size upgrades, half-silica technology, and silicon silicon technology.
Based on leading research and development inputs, the company is now able to produce a robust output of 450w components. Building on leading research and development inputs, the company raised the power of the components to 325w at an early stage by optimizing battery support materials, high-level resistance + hatch fences, etc. Perc battery age, through large silicone end applications, battery end perc+se applications, assembly end mbb+b
The fund-raising project has the capacity to produce more than 525w components. The company’s fully-owned subsidiary, Ultron, is to raise funds for the construction of 5gw batteries and 10gw components, which will be based on high-efficiency single crystal perc double-sided batteries, 180mm large silicon cells, multi-record technology, semi-plate technology and border structure optimization, etc.
With regard to batteries, the company achieved 20% efficiency in 2013 for printing p single crystal perc batteries and in 2014 for producing high-efficiency single crystal perc batteries. By 2020, the company will have 22.9% efficiency in perc batteries produced in bulk.
The Division will continue to upgrade the current level of battery technology, including: 1. Optimize the back passivation process of the perc battery by reducing the surface area on the back, increasing the battery ' s wave response capacity, thereby increasing the battery ' s circuit opening voltage; 2. Upgrade the selective launch pole process, reducing the barrier to metal semiconductors in the area of direct back contact, reducing the battery ' s internal damage, increasing the battery filling factor; 3. Increase the double-face rate of the double-faced battery and improving the mechanical load of its components using the new generation back printing process.
The Division can effectively increase battery conversion efficiency to more than 23 per cent and increase the power of the components in essence. 3.4 Component taps accelerate the opening of overseas markets, companies have access and customer barriers.
In recent years, domestic photovoltaic component taps have accelerated overseas market expansion, and the share of overseas markets has been rising year by year. Among these, companies have in recent years received less of their share of overseas business than their share of crystal energy and higher than their share in the East, as a result of silicone.
Asia and the Pacific is now the largest overseas market for companies, Europe’s rapid expansion, and the Americas’ market is relatively stable. Asia and the Pacific’s share of the market declined in the early years, owing to factors such as the epidemic in the first quarter of 2020; and Europe’s share of the market was fast with the end of Europe’s counter-policies and the growth in the size of its installations in 2018.
Upgraded to 23% and 24% respectively in 2019, the share of 2020q1 was further increased due to the limited impact of the epidemic on European markets. The Americas City’s corporate products, through multinational certification, created powerful channel barriers. Companies now have 13 distribution outlets abroad, with distribution networks spread across more than 120 countries and territories around the globe, and have adopted such international first-class institutions as China cqc, Japan jet, Korea ks, Indiabis, United States/Canadaetl, United Kingdom mcs, Germany tüvsüd, etc.
The company works closely with developers of new energy photovoltaic power plants in Europe, America, Japan, India, Mexico, etc., and for several years, has a wide range of marketing channels, good reputations, and powerful influences abroad.
We believe that, with the growth in the size of global photovoltaics and the advantages of corporate ownership such as channels, brands, and products, the volume of corporate product sales will continue to grow, with sales of corporate components expected to be 15.5, 21 and 24gw in 2020-2022, respectively, dominated by overseas markets and sold, respectively.
10.9, 14.7 and 16.8gw; while the price of photovoltaic components is expected to decline with technological upgrading of photovoltaic chain products and continued promotion by leading firms, we have opted for Lungi shares, East Sunrise, Tungwee shares, Aishu shares as comparable companies, with a global photovolve machine of 22.5 x less size than expected in 2020-2021, the risk of price fluctuations in raw materials, the risk of changes in technology routes, risks in international trade, etc.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 to conduct research in the new energy sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making with this group of customers. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.