The performance of the construction materials for conch cement (60585), which grew overseas in the second half of the year, is unquestionable.
Events: The company announced an increase in its performance in the first half of 2017, resulting in a higher net profit for shareholders in listed companies than in 2017 in the cement industry. The year 2017 will be a year of warmer cement performance. According to the reported performance of listed cement companies, one loss has been reduced, three have experienced a sharp increase in losses, and five have experienced a similar increase.
The main reasons for the large increase include three points: first, cost-end support, the price of powered coal fluctuated during the first half of the year, but it remained largely stable: second, supply-side off-productivity performance was significant, cement companies were poorly produced, kilns were cut off, production policy was advanced in an orderly manner, and cement production was 1.11 billion tons in the first half of 2017, a small increase of 0.4 per cent in the same year; and third, demand was high.
The search for a solution has been stabilized by fixed-asset investment, new start-up of real estate, and completed in the first half of the year as a leader in the industry, benefiting fully from a rise in cement volume prices. There is no doubt that performance will continue to lead the industry in 2017.
With a revenue of $55.9 billion, or 31% of the total sum of listed cement companies, the net return to the mother was $8.5 billion, and last year, the company’s annual performance as a share of the total share of listed cement companies was expected to increase further, excluding the return on investment. The focus should be on the company’s growth abroad in the second half of 2017.
In the case of the cement industry, domestic concentration will increase further, and in the future, the key focus of the cement industry will be overseas expansion. The company’s domestic framework is largely shaped, and overseas operations have expanded to Indonesia, Myanmar, Cambodia, etc., and the company’s 2016 cement clinker production lines, peacock mills, and the West Papua Corporation’s 2016 cement clinker production lines.
In 2017, major projects were under construction by the company, including three 5,000t/d clinker production lines and milling stations in Balu, Battambang, Battambang, and North Su, Indonesia, which are expected this year.
Overseas productive capacity is expected to rise on the new steps, and subsequent profits are expected. 2.82 yuan, which will maintain a 21% compound growth rate over the next three years, taking into account the firm’s steady profits, is covered for the first time, with an “enhancement” rating.
Risks of a rapid decline; (3) risks of expanding overseas projects are not as high as expected. Scenario 2: The company’s Māori ton rises significantly, and the Māori rate for cement and clinker rises by two, respectively, as a result of the rise in cement volume.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income of the company for 2017-2019 in the following table:
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.