Tail cement (600585), semi-annual 2017 reviews □ industry continues to warm, corporate profitability is rising steadily, and profit from investment returns doubles.
In 2017, the h1 cement industry continued to warm in the second half of the year, while the price of q2 cement declined, the national average increased by more than 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with an increase in the Eastern region (Su, Zhe, Jin, Guan, Lu, etc.) leading the country.
On the other hand, the company continued to strengthen its cost control, with three fees falling 3.55 percentage points from the same rate of revenue, further increasing its profitability. In 2017, the company ran well, the prices of its products increased significantly, the profits increased significantly, and the company disposed of some of the shares of the listed companies (including Tung Tong Cement, Qing Xing Song).
Construction, new power finance, etc.) resulted in an investment gain of $1.86 billion, resulting in a net return to the mother of $6.717 billion, which doubled to the highest value since the company’s inception. □ Cement production continues to expand and continues to dominate the industry.
As of 30 June 2017, the company had a clinker capacity of 244 million yuan, cement capacity of 333 million tons, bone capacity of 24.9 million tons, an increase of 20 million tons of cement capacity compared to the end of 2016, including seven cement mills in the country and a powder grinding station at Peacock Port in Indonesia.
The total net sale of clinker amounts to 134 million tons, an increase of 4.60 per cent. In addition to the cement business, the company has been active in laying the entire industry chain, increasing its development in such operations as concrete and bone materials, of which $292 million was collected in the first half of the year in the bone and stone operations, representing a 0.29 percentage point increase in the overall collection.
By 0.94%, the Māori rate rose by 11.65 percentage points to 53.92%. Corporate sales remained stable, the industry was further strengthened, and there was room for improvement.
In terms of supply and demand, demand at the demand side is expected to increase steadily in the second half of the year, supply-side reforms are progressing steadily, environmental regulations are tightening further to reduce capacity and industry demand and supply continues to improve.
Cement export sales declined by 17.79 per cent, but successive offshore projects have led to an increase in overseas sales of 10.06 per cent over the same year, and combined exports have remained almost the same as overseas sales, but the Māori rate has risen by 2.87 percentage points to 32.66 per cent over the previous year, with a rise in profitability.
At the same time, companies have stepped up their research on countries along the “one-way” route, and it is expected that their share of the main business will continue to rise in the future, becoming a new profit-growing point. In 2017, the h1 cement industry continued to be good, supply and demand stabilized, and companies benefited significantly as industry leaders.
The level of Māori is high, the cost rate is low, and the net profit of the parent doubles. Corporate capacity continues to expand, asset and liability ratios remain low, overseas operations are developing steadily, and overall operations are not rated because the necessary information is not available, or the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, is not available.
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.