New internationalization paths drive the development of conch cement (600585), semi-annually evaluated 2017
In the first half of 2017, company sales of cement and clinker increased by 134 million tons, or 4.69 per cent in the same year. The combined price of cement and clinker increased by 26.12 per cent in the same year by 229 yuan. In the case of faulty production and environmental inspectors and coordinated inter-firm shutdowns, the steady increase in demand in supply-side controls kept the price of cement up.
In the first half of 2017, the company increased its operating income by 32.42% over the same period, from 28.58% in the first quarter to 36.68% in the second quarter.
The rise in the prices of products has caused a rise in the Māori rate and a decrease in the three rates. As a result of the rise in the price of cement, the combined Māori rate for the current period was 32.97 per cent, an increase of 2.26 per cent over the same period, and the company's increase in the first half of 2017 in the amount of Mār.75.08 per ton of cement clinkers, an increase in the same year. The combined cost of cement clinkers was $154.50 per ton, an increase of $28.20 per ton over the same period.
The same-year decline of 3.59% and the cost of three tons of products was 22.70 yuan per ton, a decrease of 1.80 yuan per year, a decrease of 7.35%, mainly in the form of active acquisitions and deployments abroad, following the policy. In the context of government control of new cement production capacity, companies are actively buying domestic production lines, further increasing their advantages. Self-built production lines are gradually coming into operation.
Roads has opened up overseas markets. Work has been successfully completed on Phase II of the Pygmy Milling Station in the Indonesian port of Peacock abroad, with North Sulawesi Sea conch Coil Ltd. and Battambang Sea conch Cement Co. Ltd. in Indonesia entering the peak phase of construction, construction of projects such as the Lao Company with Limitations on Conch Cement in the Lao People's Democratic Republic, and pre-construction work on projects such as Volga in Russia, Vientiane in Laos, Mandalay in Myanmar, etc.
In 2017, the company plans to contribute $9 billion to further offshore projects, roughly in proportion to 40% of the country and 60% abroad. It is expected to add about 3.6 million tons of clinker production and 23.6 million tons of cement production (excluding mergers) throughout the year.
Active marketing of overseas markets and domestic acquisitions and mergers have emerged from their own new development path. Maintenance of the firm's “highly recommended” investment, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
In 2008, the Central University of Finance and Economics entered the securities industry, with many years of experience in industrial research, and in 2011 with the Eung Xin securities, engaged in the construction of its own ideas. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies