Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB)
In the first half of the year, corporate cement clinker was sold at a combined net value of 134 million tons, up by 4.60% from conch cement, exceeding the national average (+0.4%); the ton bid was $229.06, an increase.
47.44, which benefited mainly from the synergy of leading enterprises in the region in the first half of the year, the delivery of the wrong peak was implemented to  and the supply and demand pattern improved; ton cost was $154.5, an increase of $28.2 for the same year, of which ton cost of raw materials was 1.
Supply and demand patterns are improving and prices will remain high in the second half of the year. In the first half of 2017, 11.13 billion tons of cement were produced nationwide, an increase of 0.4 per cent compared to the previous year, while demand levels remained stable, while environmental constraints were normal, and firms were inter-firm.
In the first half of the year, the average price of Cement No. 42.5 in the East China region was $340 per tonne, an increase of $87 per ton. We believe that cement prices in the second half of the year are expected to rise to the previous high, with a new wave of increase in prices expected to remain high throughout the year as the “Golden 10” season approaches.
Net returns on investment increased significantly, contributing 20% of the excess net profit. During the reporting period, net returns on corporate investment increased significantly as a result of the company's gains from holding western cement ($4.87 million in profits), reducing its new strength in finance ($9.88 million in profits), and Qing Song Pong construction (146 million shares, or 10.59% of the profits).
Two hundred and sixty million yuan), Tung Tong Cement (187 million shares, or 13.93 per cent, or 1.46 billion yuan), resulting in a total investment gain of $1.86 billion, increasing corporate performance, sustained growth in productive capacity and steady progress in internationalization. As of the first half of 2017, the company ' s clinker production capacity had increased steadily.
Amounted to 244 million tons, with a cement production capacity of 333 million tons, covering large parts of China, South-East, South-West and North-West. Capital expenditure was planned at about 9 billion yuan for the year 2017 and actual capital expenditure for the first half of the year for the construction of a cement clinker production line for overseas projects and for environmental improvements.
New clinker production capacity of about 3.6 million tons, cement production capacity of about 23.6 million tons (excluding M&A), further upgrading Wong Jun Wai’s capacity coverage. At the same time, corporate internationalization is progressing steadily, North Su conch, Laos, Cambodia
• We believe that the cement industry needs remain stable, the industry continues to work well, prices will be high, and public prices will be stable.
At the same time, at the end of June, the company was cashing up raw materials and coal prices, capital investment in real estate fell sharply, and production at the wrong peaks fell short of expectations.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market: Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.