In mid-2024, Merchant Road (001965.sz) reported that 24h1 was profitable and resilient, and that it looked forward to the success of the flagship business event: the mid-term report of 2024 was issued. In the first half of 2024, the company achieved a net return to the mother.
2.708 billion yuan, a 3.6 per cent decline in the same year; net profit from non-repatriation of 2.690 billion yuan, which is influenced by occasional factors, is still somewhat resilient. The impact of the length of free passage of the highway bus and the weak demand for freight, among other things, is that the company has 24h1 profited.
High-quality master road assets continue to grow at a sustained pace of mergers and acquisitions, building on the capacity of the toll road investment operating platform. Corporate investment in finance was positive in the first half of the year, with steady progress in the expansion of the Kyuzin Pond high-speed (Tianjin sector)
(a) Construction works, multiple re-engineering projects such as the Kyotsu Tong highway (in the north sector) and the Kyotai Wenzhou highway (in the south part of Wenzhou), which are progressing in an orderly manner during the current period; and (b) steady promotion of road capital investment, completion of the hard-line asset package project, cutting and smooth transition to management, and completion of the remaining 40 per cent acquisition of the Young Blue highway by the River Holdings platform;
It is an active advance in the pre-profiling of several potential investment projects, and it continues to enrich the project reserve: four are reits, which have been approved by the Chinese CSRC and the In-depth Commission, and are doing their utmost to prepare for their release. As a national highway platform, the Department operates, and the pace of acquisition and acquisition of high-quality assets continues, except for those already in the public domain.
Beyond the site of the project, we still have a few high-quality projects available for analysis, as well as a build-up of the high-speed public fund-raising reits project, a possible transformation of the Vietnamese traffic base accounting method, which is expected to increase profits and upgrade the business model.
The future is still looking at corporate intelligent transport and technology panels as they export their advantages from the outside. The intellectual construction of our traffic numbers is imperative, and companies rely on cooperative business platforms and under the banner of trade unions to take the lead in setting up intelligent transport (2.0% in 24h1) and transport technology (24h1th in 24h).
The road front platform, where high barrier premiums are expected to highlight the company's strong road front platform, and we continue to see two major growth factors: 1) road output.
In the main industry, companies maintain a more active pace of asset buy-over and acquisition of high-quality targets than their counterparts, and the Soldat Securities Company Ltd. is expected to contribute significantly to the growth of its performance by having its own road product relatively young compared to its peers; 2) road production
In the business of the chain of operations, the company has a much larger business in intelligent transportation and technology.
The company’s Shareholder Return Plan for the next three years (2022-2024) promises to distribute profits on a cash basis per year no less than the net profit deduction from other equity instruments such as the permanent debt in the current year.
The “buy-in” rating is maintained for excellence in the management of the industry’s flagship operations, which continues to have a high red mark or enjoys a certain margin premium. Risk factors: extended acquisitions are not as expected; traffic flows are not growing as expected; road tariff policy waves are not available
\triangleright transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport and other major areas of transport, the components of the new wealth inflows of 2021 and 2022 have not been and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.