Kyoto Easta (000725.sz) intends to buy 30% of Rainbow Photovoltaics, optimize competition patterns in the panel industry.
On June 17, the company issued a voluntary disclosure announcement on the proposed acquisition of a portion of the shares of Xianyang Rainbow Phototech, Ltd., and the proposed acquisition of a rainbow.
Displayware Inc. intends to sell 30% of the stake held in Xianyang Rainbow Light Technology Co. Ltd., with a billing price of $4,849 million at the bottom of the card.Nin Electronics View: 1) The company issues a voluntary disclosure announcement on the proposed acquisition of a portion of Xianyang Rainbow Light Technology Co. Ltd. ' s shareholding of 30% of Rainbow Light Power, which is expected to help the company to continue to consolidate and expand its competitive advantage.
The business is a display panel, the area of downstream applications is mainly television, the size of the product covers 32-100 inches, and the acquisition of rainbow PV shares contributes to the enrichment of the company's product lines, diversification of the customer structure, while raising the share of the Kyoto Eastern system to over 30 per cent, and optimization of the industry's competitive pattern.) We believe that companies are going to acquire 30 per cent of rainbow PV shares, which will help enrich the company's product lines and diversify its customer structure, while, at the same time,
On 17 June, the company issued a voluntary disclosure announcement on the proposed acquisition of a share in Xianyang Rainbow Light Technology Ltd. and the proposed acquisition of a rainbow.
The display equipment company, Inc., intends to sell 30 per cent of the stake held in Xianyang Rainbow Phototech Ltd., with a billboard price of $4,849 million.The display panel is the main business of Rainbow and the Xianyang Phototech Ltd. is a holding subsidiary of Rainbow Displays Ltd. (Coon shares) as of the end of 2024.
Rainbow shares hold a 99.8% share of rainbow light power. The main business of Rainbow shares is the building glass, display panel development, production and sale. In 2024, the company showed a panel collection of $10.21 billion, or 87.5% of the total, and a glass base business of $1.350 billion, or 11.6% of the total.
According to a group of intellectual consultants, Rainbow Photovoltaics currently operates a 8.6-generation va line in the product focus television panel area, with downstream customers mainly including Haesin, tcl, Samsung, etc. According to idc, the size of the rainbow photo panel is 50 inches, with the company's television panel accounting for 59% of the company's total television panel output in 2024.
Siva's product lines and production capabilities increase the company's share of 50 inches and extra-sizes. According to a group of thinkers, the share of the market in the Tokyo East will rise to more than 30% after the acquisition.
In our view, the company's announcement of the intention to acquire 30% of Rainbow PV would further enrich the company's product lines on the television panel, the price volatility of its customers, the demand for the panels, the demand for them, and the business of the oled, the author's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author