Lower meat prices in 22q1 led to a decline in income, improved profit performance was evident \triangleright low pork prices led to a decline in income and improved profit ends. 22q1 was affected by low prices in pigs.
The lower average export price of cold pork in the slaughter business led to a drop in income. At the profit end, the cost of benefiting from the main raw materials, such as pork, was lower, and the business turnover of 22q1 meat products increased more than in the previous year, leading to a small increase in overall profit. The total export of meat products from 22q1 companies was 760,000 tons, compared to 1.8 per cent in the same year.
In the future, with the rate of commencement of the slaughter business, the profit of the slaughter business is expected to recover. The meat business is now receiving lower prices for pork, the cost of raw materials for the meat business is effectively controlled, and the profits of the business are significantly higher.
With regard to related transactions, 22q1 purchases 1,276 million yuan, compared to 55.47%, of meat-several and other related products from Rotex. Currently, the prices of domestic pork are low, the price advantages of imported pork are reduced, and the owners of companies move to reduce the size of their purchases of pork from Rotex and to better optimize existing stocks.
The increase in the Māori rate of 22q1 was significant, with a slight fall in the cost rate during the period. The Māori rate for 22q1 companies was 18.96 per cent, compared to the previous year +2.70 ppt. The main reason was that the cost of raw materials for meat business was effectively controlled due to low prices for pork; the slaughtering business benefited from a high number of pigs and a higher profile.
The ratio of company sales costs in 22q1 was 3.10 per cent in comparison to 0.64 ppt, owing to the efficiency of sales costs; the development of double-sinks (000895.sz) for 2021; the financial cost rate - 0.20 per cent in comparison to 0.24 ppt owing to the increase in interest on term deposits on a year-on-year basis.
Review: The price of fresh and fresh products has fallen, the income from meat products has dropped significantly, the value-depreciated loss of assets has continued to strengthen the competitiveness of the main industry. 22q1 company accounts for the impairment of assets, double-sink development (000895), three-quarter reporting points in 2021
In the long term, the company will continue to push for the expansion of the market for cold meat and meat products, which will rely on the company's cold chain system for strengthening the double-sink development (000895).
Access to modern retailers, restaurants, electricity, etc.; the meat industry will continue to enhance the development of new products, and it will be assessed that the high base and meat prices have fallen to 21h1 performance, with a focus on such products as Chinese sauce and Chinese dishes, with an expected increase in 22-year tons of meat products.
In the future, it is expected that the high rate of company slaughtering will be sustained and that the productive capacity of fresh products will be expected to resume growth; the meat industry will remain well-growing and will maintain a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.