Double-sink development (000895.sz) 2021 and the first quarter of 2022: lower prices for beneficiary pigs, steady return of q1 performance
In 2021, the company was able to achieve a significant improvement in its performance. In 2021, it was hit by the impact of imports of frozen meat, with revenues of $3.970 billion, or 1.34 per cent, as a result of a sharp drop in the price of pigs, increased market expansion and meat production.
A total of 760,000 tons of goods (fowl-bearing products) were sold out, up 1.8% from the same year, and the slaughterhouse profit recovery accelerated. The end of the period, or it would facilitate the company’s slaughter business’s growth in profits, on the one hand, a marked increase in the raw pig market, and lower prices for pigs would directly reduce the company’s raw materials costs, on the other hand, the supply of pork would increase.
In addition, the current pattern of competition in the slaughter industry is highly fragmented, the concentration of medium- and long-term industries is likely to accelerate, and the company is expected to benefit as the leader of the slaughter industry.
In this context, the country has been adopting policies to combat private slaughter, which has left behind production, while upstream farming and the chaining of downstream restaurants have accelerated, making it easier for slaughter enterprises to develop. The meat industry has continued to evolve optimally, or has steadily increased the power of the city.
Tuition and low-temperature high-end meat products, in the meat-packing track, focussing on new core products such as chili, hot turbo, double-cheese, American-western, and implementing the structural transformation of the products “Into the home, on the table” Double Exchange Development-000895-2020 semi-annual evaluation: price-driven performance, meat
Medium- and long-term strategy, with steady growth in sales; also with respect to frozen products, prefabricated vegetables, speed of convenience.
Two-Sink Development -- 000895-2019 Annual Report Review: Double Growth in Net Earnings, Profited Products, Significant Increase in the Number of Clients and Networks in the first quarter of 2022, and Sales of New Track Products
The company is the leader of the country’s slaughter industry, and, in the short term, is expected to benefit from low prices for pigs to accelerate their recovery. In the long run, the meat industry continues to transform and optimize, and is expected to achieve a further increase in the market’s share and become the company’s new performance.
According to the company ' s 2021 annual frozen business: a total revenue of 39,073 million yuan was realized, representing a decrease of 19.05 per cent in the same year, representing 58.60 per cent of total income, a sales volume of 16,325,000 tons in 2021, with an average sales price of $23.9 per kilogram.
Meanwhile, in 2021, the company ' s losses in national production of frozen and imported pork led to a significant decline in profits throughout the year in the company ' s frozen business, in which Māori lost 36.14 per cent, or +1.34 per cent, as a result of a sharp fall in pig prices, increased market expansion and meat products (including meat).
Total sales of poultry products were 760,000 tons, up 1.8 per cent from the same year, and the slaughterhouse profit recovery accelerated.
Figure 3: Double-sink development revenue structure (in billions of yuan) Net interest rate on sales has declined significantly, with a slight improvement in management efficiency. Māori sales were 15.35 per cent in 2021, compared to a retroactive decline in net interest rates on sales in 2021, mainly due to losses in the company ' s national production of frozen and imported pork.
The decline in volume, a marked improvement in both the Māori rate for corporate sales and the net interest rate for sales, and the Māori rate for sales, 20201, decreased to 2.81 per cent as a result of the company adjusting its accounting policy in 2021 to include the transport costs originally charged to “sale costs” as “principal operating costs”, an increase of 0.58 pct compared to the retroactively adjusted cost of sales in 2020.
Figure 6: Changes in the cost of double-sink development sales and management costs, Figure 5: Māori double-sink development, changes in net interest rates Investment proposal: companies are leading the slaughter industry in the country, with short-term expectations that they will benefit from low pig prices to accelerate recovery.
In the long term, the continued transformation and optimization of the meat industry is expected to lead to a further increase in the rate of city occupancy as the company's new industry The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future