(a) Double-sink development The downside of hog prices affects income and improved profits Events: The company disclosed a quarterly report in 2022. 1q22 achieved revenue of 13.79 billion yuan, compared to 24.7 per cent;
The net return to the mother is 1.46 billion yuan, compared to 1.3 per cent, the net gain to the mother is 1.37 billion yuan, compared to 5.7 per cent.
The branch generated $6.80 billion, or 4.9 per cent, and the operating profit of $1.75 billion, or +21.9 per cent, and we judged that the first quarter of the epidemic had rebounded, with some impact on the final sale of meat products, and that a small drop in the sale of meat products had led to a decline in income. (2) 1q22 was well supplied with pigs.
As a result of the significant reduction in the cost of meat products and the release of larger profit margins, we judge that the one-quarter ton of meat products continues to rise in relation to the April 2021 season. The slaughter business has increased its profits, and the downswing in pig prices has affected revenue.
In terms of profits, the company purchased 1.280 billion dollars in split meat, pieces of meat, bone and by-products from Rotex, less than half of the same period last year. Imports of frozen meat with a cost advantage during the same period were more expensive, resulting in a higher profit base.
High, the cost advantage of importing frozen meat is no longer significant this year, and profits have declined considerably. (2) With regard to slaughter, there is a sufficient supply of domestic pigs in the first quarter, and we judge that the price of pigs is favourable to an increase in the size of the slaughter business, which is expected to continue in 2022.
For meat products, the company will continue to push for product structural upgrading, with new products expected to be released, and for meat production, Rotex Limited, to achieve full price increases. At the same time, lower pig prices will release profit margins for meat products, the next two.
The profits from meat products are expected to continue at a faster rate every quarter. (4) In summary, we believe that the firm’s performance has reached a point where profits are expected to continue to improve in 2022.
Two-Sink Development: Stock Impairment Impacts Short-term Profit, Low Pig Prices, Promotion of New Meat Products, Unexploitable Market Openings, High Price Volatility of Porks.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: food processing