Consistency control (002352), transport, three networks, one unit price recovery, and the new business is doing its best at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: Companies published semi-annual reports for 2017. Business income was 32.16 billion yuan in the first half of 2017, an increase of 23.3 per cent in the same year; net profit for mothers was 1.880 billion yuan, an increase of 7.5 per cent in the same year; net profit for mothers after deduction was 1.790 billion yuan, an increase of 5.7 per cent in the same year; q2 returns 16.69 billion yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 21.3 per cent in the same year, an increase of 21.3 per cent in the same year.
• The rate of increase in courier operations and income is slightly lower than the level of the industry, and the average income is much higher than the level of the industry. According to the National Postal Service statistics, the country’s volume of courier operations in the first half of the year was 17.32 billion, a year-on-year increase.
30.7 per cent of the country ' s express service revenue was $21,812 million, an increase of 27.2 per cent over the same period. During the reporting period, the company completed 1.373 billion items, an increase of 20.5 per cent over the same period, the company ' s quick-moving logistics business income amounted to $32 billion, an increase of 23.3 per cent over the same period.
This has resulted in higher brand premiums than their counterparts, particularly during the reporting period, in new areas such as heavy cargo operations, cold transport operations, international operations, and matchmaking operations, with company tickets earning $23.30, compared to the 2016 Skynet, Earthnet, and Information Network three networks.
By the end of the reporting period, the company’s operations covered 334 local and 2,656 district-level cities, nearly 13,000 self-employed networks and expanded information to major countries around the world.
Networks: The autonomous development of a complete set of operating management systems to achieve full life and visual management of orders. During the reporting period, companies invested $343 million in research and development, an increase of 57.4 per cent over the same period, reflecting the importance they attach to the technological capabilities of autonomous research and development and nuclear energy.
• New operations have become more dynamic and the income structure of the sub-products has been further optimized. During the reporting period, companies increased by nearly 100% by heavy cargo, cold freight, international, and billions of dollars over the same period, with the city now at the forefront of the industry, and companies have become industry-led operators of heavy freight transport solutions.
1034 million yuan, an increase of 85.6 per cent over the same period, cold-transport networks covering 180 cities and surrounding regions, with a major international business income of 868 million, an increase of nearly 40 per cent over the same period, international courier services now covering 53 countries, and international small-pack services networks covering 225 countries and regions around the world.
A joint venture with ups has been set up in Hong Kong to help both sides develop international logistics operations and expand global markets. Some key trade flows have won a number of important cross-border trade clients, which has also laid the groundwork for further international expansion.
Over the same period, the ratio was 7.9%, and the growth of the new business was faster, reflecting the direction of the company’s future sub-operations. There was a slight decline in the rate of Maori in fast-moving logistics, mainly due to the faster cost of outsourcing.
During the reporting period, the cost of outsourcing increased by 53.61 per cent, while outsourcing accounted for nearly 50 per cent of the company’s operating costs, and the significant increase in outsourcing costs was the main reason for the cost increase being higher than the income increase. Profit forecasts and investment proposals.
Shareholdings, shares, shares, circulars, etc., currently around 31 times the industry valuation hub, but comfy holdings enjoy a certain premium for industry taps, and companies are increasingly perfecting the three networks of Skynet, Earthnet, Information Network, etc., while at the same time focusing on driving new business forward and achieving better results, and the company is leading sheep in the industry.
Ps 0.99, 1.21 and 1.45, respectively, corresponding to 52, 42 and 36 times, assuming that 1: the national express service growth rate is around 30 per cent and the national express service revenue rate is around 28 per cent Assuming 2: the company speed logistics rate is around 19.7 per cent, and the commercial sales rate is around 10 per cent.
(c) On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company's sub-operational income for 2017-2019 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.