National gold foliage, Consistency Holdings (002352.sz)
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company basics (RMK)
Business growth has slowed and single-ticket income has fallen back: along with the slowdown in the Express sector, coupled with a smoother and more stable middle-end position, the growth in corporate business has declined more sharply, by 20.5 per cent over the same period, and the city is self-sufficient, and by 0.12 dollars over the entire year 2016. In addition, the company’s Express Service satisfaction rate has been declining for eight consecutive years.
First, high-quality services and leading brand premiums in mid- and high-end markets are beginning to emerge. New business has developed rapidly, with a rise in the control cost-rich ratio: corporate heavy goods, cold transport, international business receipts grew by 99.7%, 85.6%, and 39.5%, respectively, in the first half of 2017, maintaining a high rate of growth.
The development of operations with a revenue ratio of more than 11.4 per cent will effectively enhance the capacity for integrated logistics resolution, support the linking of customer production, supply, distribution and distribution links, enhance efficiency in supply chain management, reduce customer performance over-commitment profits, and tighten costs to enhance profitability.
On the cost side, in 2017, in the context of rising oil prices and labour costs, the rate of Māori in logistics operations fell by 2.1 ptts, resulting in net profit gains for companies being lower than the rate of harvests.
Started to reduce operating costs through technological innovation, such as smart cabinets, obsessive manifests, smart passenger services, smart packaging, corporate reviews, 2017.2.24 Automatic sorting systems, etc., with a 22.2% Māori ratio of 2017q2 compared to 22.2%.
"Shun Fong: Real King of the Express Logistics Industry - Ting Qin Qin, changing the use of fund-raising to concentrate on the development of intelligent logistics: companies also issue announcements to change some of the collection of hundreds of millions of dollars. With a strong backbone, well-developed information systems, I focus on building intelligent logistics.
They see this as helping to bridge the whole chain of logistics, integrating warehousing, heavy cargo transport, supply chain finance, and so on, and making a forward-looking transition to an integrated logistics service provider. Taken together, taking into account the size of the company, its business model, brand names, trends, and the fact that prosperity is the most likely to emerge as a world-class giant.
A smooth and accurate positioning of mid-end and high-end markets and a transformation of integrated logistics services are expected to be the first to emerge as an oligopoly in the industry; but short-term courier industries are growing at a slower pace, high-end business needs are growing at a lower rate, and companies are added to the list.
Appendix: Summary of projections for the three statements
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.