Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) event: double-sinks released for 17 years, company 1h17 received $24 billion, compared to 5.8 per cent.
Mahobo 2q17 is performing as expected, and the trend towards improved performance is expected to continue.
The net profit reduction ring was narrow, owing to the fall in pig prices in the first half of the year, which allowed for the slaughtering and meat business. The cost rate fell slightly, the 3q performance ratio improved, and the performance cut-off point was expected.
Slaughter: higher prices, better profits. Benefiting from lower prices, the company 1h17 massacred 63,446 million pigs, +2.2% of the same year, with a steady increase in the city ' s share, of which 2q17 slaughtered 3.45 million, +26% of the same year. 1h17 meat prices fell by more than the increase in slaughter, and guided by an increase in slaughter.
Revenue from slaughter business - 7.2 per cent, increased capacity utilization as a result of increased slaughter, with Māori rates increasing by the same amount as 1.8 pct to 6.7 per cent. As a result of higher stocks of frozen meat in the previous period, the price of pigs fell and the downward cycle saw an increase in slaughter prices and a continuing trend towards improved profitability contributed to the corporate sector.
Meat income of $6.82 billion, or -0.4 per cent, was higher than the lower-middle-low-end sales; cold meat income of $4.11 billion, or +0.1 per cent, was lower; (2) in terms of profits, 1h17 meat products were higher than the market price changes; and the ratio of high-temperature meat products with slightly higher rates was higher.
The decline is also a factor. By 2h17, new products are promoted and expanded, and meat sales are expected to increase; pig prices are lower than profits are released, 3q17 meat products are expected to be earned, innovation is increased, strategic transformations are made, and the future priorities are positive.
Increased product innovation, with no less than 10 per cent of the meat sold each year, and implementation of the following: “Stabilizing and cooling, development of American Western products, industrialization of Chinese products, leisure products, regulation of industrialization of meat products, meat and dairy food
In the context of the ageing structure of meat products, the sheer volume of meat production is a source of hope for a new breakthrough in the industry. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: looking ahead at 2h17, the volume of meat sales has increased by less than one digit.
Puppet prices are likely to drive up profit rates, and changes in chicken prices may discourage Maori meat products. Meat elasticity is derived from chicken price resonances, low profit margins, low value values.
- 22 provinces and cities: average price: raw pig 22 provinces and cities: average price: pork 2010/08-11
Figure 5:1h17 Prices of white chickens in China equal to -1.1% and chicken to -1%