Double-sink development reported a 11.50 per cent decline in net profit on year-on-year basis in 2017. Double-sink development (000895), 14 semi-annual reports for 2017 were issued on the evening of the reporting period, which resulted in a business of $1 billion, a 11.50 per cent decline in year-on-year, a basic gain of $0.5771 per share, and a weighted average net asset rate of return
The prices of raw pigs have continued to fall, stimulating a rise in slaughter, with companies slaughtering 63,446 pigs in the reporting period, a percentage point. The export of frozen meat and meat products has increased by 1.04 per cent to 145.51 million tons, compared with 1.54 per cent. As a result of the increased promotion of cold meat products and new products by the public administration, the cost has recovered over the period, and the net company has been reduced.
Interest rate levels have fallen by 0.47 percentage points. Because of the previous high stock of frozen meat, the consumption of pre-stocks affected the company’s level of profitability, and the profit margin for meat products increased in the second half of the year as the stock was consumed.
The volume is expected to continue to rise in the future, and the company’s net profit level has improved significantly in the second quarter. The 17-year difference in the average price of pig-pork meat is $10.53, close to 16 years. The company, as a slaughter and meat-making dragon, is expected to be boosted in the second half of the year by price differentials and double-slaughter increases, coupled with the company’s continued responsiveness.
Increased consumption, increased promotion of cold and cold meat, and increased technological inputs to enrich product groups by upgrading quality, improving taste, and developing new products, and there is still room for improved efficiency in future operations. As the largest meat-processing enterprise in the country, both sinks operate with sound, scalable advantages and market power.
Large-scale farming is a future trend, and as an industry leader, the company is expected to expand its territory from industrial integration and to strengthen its position as a leader. Seventeen years of price decline for pig and pork, with relatively high price differentials, is expected to drive the company back to slaughter and raise the company's Māori.
Open Source Securities Limited level. Plus, the company can increase the impact on the company ' s cost end of the pork-regulating cycle from imported meat from sfd.
There is room for a 17-year increase in Māori, and Māori levels will be more stable in the future. With regard to meat plates, companies are also responding to rising consumption trends, investing actively in low-temperature products and deep processing of meat products, and high value-added products will increase corporate profitability to some extent.
The future development space for the vanguard and the steady return from the company’s high-scoring red policies over the years. Together with the current low corporate valuation, the increase in the previous period is smaller and there is much room for imagination.
Figure 1: Two-time development historype I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to present this report independently and objectively with a diligent and professional attitude. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received a post either directly or indirectly because of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.