The meat elasticity comes from the chicken price and the pig price resonance.
Summary: meat business accounts for 43 per cent of double-sink revenue, Māori 75 per cent, cost fluctuations will be associated with price changes versus match, imported meat versus domestic meat substitution, and stock effects
Three factors, analysis of the impact of changes in the meat price of raw materials on the profits of meat products. The changes in the cost of meat products stem from the resonance between chicken prices and pork: there is an alternative relationship between pork and chicken, and companies allocate the use ratio based on the difference in the price of both: taking into account the cost-benefit scenario, II.
If the price differential increases, the ratio of chicken to meat will rise; if the price of the product is reduced, the ratio of pork to pork will rise. For 17 years, in the context of declining supply, the price of chicken may increase by the same +5%.
Mid-American pork prices vary by about 50%, remain long-term, and imported meat increases profitability. America’s intensive farming + feed costs are extremely low, leading to chronic price differentials in Central-American pork (the price of imported meat is about 50% of domestic taxes), which tend to increase imports when the price increases.
The barrier to high growth in imported meat is the limited capacity of quarantine cold banks and United States lean-free meat production. Part of the meat imported by two sinks is used for meat production, and profits are reflected in offsetting; the rest of the export, profits are reflected in price differentials between the cost of imports and domestic prices of pigs.
Raw meat stocks will have both a mitigating effect on meat price fluctuations and time lags. Companies can mitigate the negative impact of higher meat prices by using low-priced meat stocks when meat prices rise (a reduction in stocks); and by supplementing low-cost stocks when meat prices fall (an increase in stocks).
The first is to slow the rise in meat prices; the second is to make the Māori rate change in the price of raw meat with a profit forecast and investment proposal: looking forward to 17 years, with a low-digit increase in meat sales, pig prices are likely to push back profits, but chicken prices may be higher than meat prices.
The Māori rate rises too fast. The long-term difference in the prices of the Chinese and American pork increases the profits of the imported meat. 1. Double-sink development: due to 16 years of high prices of pigs, due to reasonable expectations in the second quarter of the two-sink period and their inclusion in the msci index, results in valuation repairs.
Reverse. Given the prominent position of the two-sink conglomerate, the low valuation, the high rate of return on dividends, the decline in profit from maintaining “buy-in” — 17 years before and after profit — the two-sink has developed into a leader in the meat industry, mainly in slaughter and meat products (including high temperatures).
Two major operations, 52% and 43% respectively in 16 years, and 19% and history: understanding the pattern of Māori in double-sink meat products. Observing data on Māori in meat products 2012-1q17, we find that Māori rates do not fluctuate in contrast to raw meat.
The relationship is a combination of changes in the price of chickens and pigs, as explained by the causal relationship: 13 years of a pig falling, lower costs, higher rates of Maori for meat products, 14 years of a pig falling chicken, higher use of pork by companies, and a large drop in the price of pigs, gross
In 15 years, the pigs rose, but the company used a lot of cheaper chicken instead of pork, causing the Māori rate to stay the same, 16 years, the chicken to rise and the cost to fall.
A key factor in the profit from meat products is the raw meat matching, imported meat substitution and stock disturbance: the Māori rate of meat products is not fully matched to the raw meat price trend, the core reason being the existence of three factors.
One is the replacement of pork and chicken; the other is the replacement between domestic meat and imported meat; and the third is the change in stocks. The first two affect the proportion of meat used for different types of raw materials, which causes a time lag between the prices on the pork market and the cost price of accounting treatment.
2.17 The difference between the price of pork and chicken is likely to increase, the difference between the price of pork and the price of chicken is determined by the ratio of meat to the price of raw materials, which is 70 per cent of the cost of raw materials, including chicken and pork.
Depending on the principle of maximization of profits, companies usually use as much cheap as possible.
When the price of a pig rises or the price of a chicken increases the price difference, companies tend to use a lower price of chicken to lower the cost. The quality effect of the finished product is that if the price of a pig shrinks, the ratio of pork to meat will rise.
Raw meat production is not entirely consistent, meat products from pork are better spoken, high-quality products benefit from higher consumer satisfaction and higher end sales. So, from a quality point of view, companies tend to increase the proportion of pork use when the price of chicken is reduced.
The pigs are expected to fall in 17 years, the pork ratio will rise, the pig stock is stable and the pork price will go down the road. The pig stock will affect the supply in the short term, and the pig stock in the long term will affect the supply in the longer term.
The supply is low, and the price of chickens may rebound slightly. In 16 years, the country’s ancestral white feather chickens were about 600,000, dropping by about 60% compared to the height of the intake, and the intake is expected to continue down for 17 years.
In the context of the gradual transfer of chickens, commodities and chicken seedlings to their parents on the basis of the chain of conduct, we expect a small rebound in chicken prices throughout the year, with an increase of about 5 per cent in chicken prices over the year. 50 cities average: white chickens (RM/kg)
The 17-year gap between pork and chicken prices is expected to rise, and the Māori rate is expected to rise by 1.7 pct. The expected 17-year gap between chicken and chicken falls is expected to increase, and the positive impact is to increase the taste of meat products and consumer satisfaction; the negative effect is to increase production.
Ben. The sharp drop in pig prices has made a positive contribution to the profits of meat, but given the rise in chicken prices and the increase in pork ratios, it has discouraged the profits from going up too fast. Taking into account factors such as price-to-use changes, we expect a 17-year increase in the Māori ratio of company meat products.
3. There is a chronic difference in the price of pork in Central America, which increases the profitability of imported meat, and there is a chronic difference in the price of pork in Central America. As a result of the intensive farming of raw United States pigs, the cost is much lower than in the country, there is a chronic difference in the price of pork in Central America, and the price of imported pork on the bank is probably domestic meat.
The double-sink mother company, Mr. Smithfield, the world’s largest producer of pork exports, can import fresh pork from the United States, with cost advantages, with the effect of reducing the cost of meat products. The size of the cold bank and capacity constraints are industry barriers, and the price differentials between Chinese and American pork tend to increase.
Imported meat. The barriers to imported meat are: on the one hand, we have limited cold storage capacity in our CSA records, which is difficult to form, and on the other hand, we have limited production capacity in the United States. When the price gap increases, the country tends to import more meat, and now imports it after 16 years of rising prices.
The amount of meat imported from the United States is still high overall. The number of pork imported from the United States has fluctuated relatively little. The number of pork imported from the two-sinks has been increasing year by year. The number of meat imported from the two-sinks has been growing at a very high rate since Smithfield was acquired.
Most of the profits from imported meat are reflected in the slaughtering department, where meat products are shown as offsetting costs. For double-sink companies, the profits from imported meat are recorded first in the slaughter department, which is the main operating profit statement.
The difference between the price of the cost of imports and the cost of transport and the price of the domestic market. The structure of imported meat is more fragmented, including pork and soles, where pork can be used to produce meat at an equal price for the meat industry. Thus, much of the profit from imported meat is found in the slaughter industry.
The increase in the number of meat imports will increase the company’s profitability. With the downside of domestic pig prices in 17 years, it is expected that Chinese-American pork prices will narrow, but the volume of meat imported may increase by about 30% over the same period.
Over-price differentials, when taken together, imported meat will continue to contribute to the company's profits and boost its profitability 4. Stock of meat: the price of smooth meat fluctuates, with the effect of time lags.
Means: Mitigating the negative impact of higher meat prices by using low-priced stocks at higher meat prices (reduced stocks); replenishing low-priced stocks at lower meat prices (increase in stocks); thus, the impact of stocks is: first, to slow the increase in meat prices; and second, to make the pork market price volatile and the Maori rate one.
Quarterly time lags, which are also an important factor in the decline in the company's Māori rate in the context of the downside of 1q17 meat prices, are projected to be around the year, with harvests: the downside of the slaughter-for-pig price has been raised and the volume of meat sales has increased slowly, but there is still plenty of room for new layout as the largest player in the industry.
In 17 years, the price of a pig has gone down, and the price of chicken has probably rebounded slightly; the price differential has reduced the share of pork; The volume of meat imported has increased to facilitate profit growth. The quarter has a reasonable expectation and is included in the msci index, leading to valuation repairs.
Food safety risks, falling prices for pigs, and product escalation are not as high as expected. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Toshio Securities Co. Ltd. has an investment advisory committee on securities.