Double-sink development (000895), food beverages, lower prices for pigs, improved profitability, and optimized product structure for sustainable implementation of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company issued its semi-annual bulletin in 2017, which achieved business income of $24.5 billion in the first half of 2017, a net profit of $1.03 billion, a decline of 4.8% in the same year; the Māori rate of 20.6%, an increase of 2.7 pct in the same year. The fall in the company’s prices of pigs promotes better profits, and the production of fresh pork and meat products increases.
The decline and the revival of the hog scavengers, the price of which has been falling steadily since June 2016, now stands at $14.23 per kilogram per pig. The company benefited from the fall in pig prices, with better growth in the first half of the year, especially in the second quarter, and in the sale of meat and meat products, with the first half of the year having achieved 6.34 million pigs (+2.2 per cent compared to 2.2 per cent).
The volume of frozen meat and meat products sold amounted to 1.55 million tons (+1.0 per cent for the same year), of which 3.44 million head (+26.2 per cent for the same quarter) and 753,000 tons (+3.9 per cent for the same year) for the same meat and meat products; in addition, the price of raw pigs dropped during the cycle, and it is expected that the price of future pigs will be added to the price as the number of piglets replenished and the number of pig feeders continues to recover.
The internal structure of the products continues to improve, with a steady increase in low-temperature products. The company’s meat plate is in a state of transition, and low-end, high-temperature meat products are being replaced by high-end, high-temperature meat products, low-temperature meat products, and other recreational foods.
In the future, the company’s meat business will continue to grow. At present, sales of low-end, high-temperature meat products are declining faster, and high-end products will continue to grow; companies will increase their input into low-temperature meat products and keep their income from low-temperature meat products growing; and companies will also introduce Smithfield meat products.
The promotion of American-style products in the country is now in operation at the production base in Chengzhou, where, according to Nelson's statistics, the market is third in the country in size, after double-consumption, and Homer; in keeping with rising consumption, the company is also looking at recreational foods and health products. This year, the company will put in more than 70 new products, with cooling temperatures.
Gradually, meat products and new products will grow steadily in the future, with a compound increase of 5.7 per cent in net profit returns over the next three years, taking into account the continuous upgrading of the company ' s product structure. (2) Meat products: product restructuring continues, income levels for high-temperature meat products are expected to remain stable and low-temperature meat production is expected to grow.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.