Double-sink development (000895.sz) Lee Xiaojune, 2017h1 net profit by 11.5% a year, 2q performance improvement
The decline in performance was somewhat narrow, and it is expected that the trend in pig prices in the second half of the year will continue to favour the company ' s Māori ratio, with a double-sink development issuing performance reports, with companies achieving operating income of $24.45 billion in the first half of 2017, a 5.81 per cent decline in the same year; and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $1.904 billion, the same amount.
The increase in the Māori rate and the share of raw and frozen products in all products increased to 61 per cent, resulting in a combined Māori rate of 18.76 per cent in the first half of the year, an increase of 0.76 percentage points in the same year.
The number of live pigs rose by 2.16 per cent in the same year (of which 1702 were slaughtered by 3.45 million, an increase of 26.2 per cent in the same year); the amount of frozen meat and meat products for export increased by 1.04 per cent in the same year by 145.51 million tons. The meat system shows a slowdown in the rate of consumption of meat products and an increase in competition in the industry as healthy domestic consumption rises.
Weak consumption of fresh pork in the first half of the year and a 7.15 per cent drop in the same harvest of fresh and fresh pork, but benefit from the raw pig cost, due to the lack of environmental pressure since 2014, which has led to a significant limitation on the farm productivity of individual farmers, negative growth in the stock of piglets and hogs for several years in a row, with no short-term environmental stress.
There has been a weakening of the trend, so future pig-breeding will move in the direction of mega-farming. Currently, the stock of pig and pig-breeding has fallen slightly on the same scale, but prices have increased considerably since this year compared to last year, and the most important reason we judge that the price of this pig-breeding has fallen more rapidly is the weak demand.
Although prices have recovered steadily in the recent past, we expect that prices will fall in the second half of 2017 at the same rate as last year, which will favour the company’s overall Māori ratio. At the demand end, it appears that consumption in the pork and meat industry is generally weak, and continues to do so in the second half of the year.
It is more likely that the two-sinks are pork and meat sales, and their performance is largely related to the demand for pork, so overall, while weak demand may have a negative impact on the growth rate, lower costs favouring Māori rates to a certain extent to mitigate the impact on performance.
Figure 3: Prices of pig production and ratio of pig food in 22 provinces and cities across the country: yuan/kg jul-14sep-14sep-15sep-15sec-15s
The expected remuneration of mar-16jun-16 \rfloorun-15 (expected return; er) is as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.