Small Commodity City (600415) Merchant Retail, Downside Business, opening up profit margins for online platform operations, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
Events: The company published its annual report 2022 and its first quarterly report 2023, achieved operating income of $7.62 billion in 2022, achieved operating income of $2.12 billion, an increase of 32.7 per cent in the same year, achieved a net return to the mother of $1.22 billion, increased average passenger traffic of more than 200,000 per day in the City of Commerce and Trade, and received an average of 1,646 foreigners per day, an increase of 30.3 per cent in the same year.
The company operates the world's largest small commodity amplifier, and in the process of digitisation, the small commodity industry's “from the player to the platform” status shift, the business of q1 in 2023 continues to be good, the new market opening in Eastern Region II, the series of “chinagoods”, “pay for” and logistics companies, among others.
The Bureau began to scale up and further consolidate the corporate core platform, relying on the platform ' s value-added services revenue to start with small commodities in 1 ioux, transform international trade integrated service providers to focus on small commodity industries and build integrated service chains.
Founded in 1993 in Yiu City, Zhejiang Province, the city of small commodities is based on the exclusive ownership of the development, management, and servicing of small Chinese merchant cities. Founded in 1982, it now has an area of more than 6.4 million square metres, 75,000 places of business, more than 210,000 people in trade, 210,000 daily passenger traffic, and 26 large categories and 2.1 million single items.
Authorities such as the World Bank and Morgan Stanley have called it “the world’s largest wholesale market for small commodities.” The market in the U.S. has experienced six stopovers, 12 expansions, five leaps, from regional to national, and even global trading. Companies have developed into a variety of businesses around small commodity industries, such as market-based operations, commodity sales, hotel services, and exhibition advertising.
The company has evolved from a regional small-commodity market to a global small-commodity trade integrated service provider, and has gone through three main stages of development (1) in the early stages of operation (1993-2011): in 1993, the China Small Commodity City Group Limited was established; in 2002, the International Chamber of Commerce and Trade was opened in the first phase of its operations, and the company was placed on the market; in 2004, the International Chamber of Commerce and Trade II began operating.
The area of operations has been significantly increased; in 2006, the company implemented the equity-sharing reform programme and in 2008 realized the firm's absolute ownership of the Small Commodity City by the State Finance Committee of the City of Yeu, changing the type of company to a State-owned sole proprietorship. (2) Operations on the power line (2012-2017): in 2012, the company's own platform, “Eu purchase”, was officially launched, and then, in 2012, the company's own platform, “Eu purchase”, was officially launched.
In 2014, the company-controlled subsidiary Zhejiang Yiu purchase e-commerce Ltd. was put into operation, and in 2017 it achieved a loss of profit. It has now become the world ' s largest distribution platform for small commodities, with 50,000 subscribers and 10 million registered buyers, of which 10 per cent are overseas users. During the period, the company 's online platforms, such as the United Network and the Erchits, were connected to one another, and the company was largely small.
(c) The onlineization of the merchandise trade industry. (3) Integrated service providers (2019-present): in 2020, the “Chinagoods” platform was operating in thousands of entities, serving 2 million small and medium-sized enterprises up the chain of industries; in 2021, companies acquired Halnet.
In 2022, the company, together with the Dubai Global Ports Group, launched the construction of the Dubai-Yu Small Commodity City of China, the first overseas sub-market in the global strategy of the Italian market, with a joint venture between the company and the Far and Middle Maritime and Pros in the same year.
As a result, firms have become integrated services around small commodity industries, including procurement, mall operations, logistics, payments, etc. Figure 1: The history of company development, including market operations, sale of goods, hotel services and exhibition advertising, is stable and sustainable.
Market operations: The company follows a business rental model, and contracts with the merchants to specify the duration of the use, user fees, and use of the business.
Sale of goods: through platforms and channels such as “Ei-Ki-Kai”, “Yi-U” and “chinagoods”, the company consolidates the requirements of the purchasers, makes centralized purchases to market operators, then packs them for sale to the purchasers, earns hotel services: the company collects accommodation, catering services, etc., through the operation of hotels, mainly for the U-region.
(a) Services provided by clients in the field;
Focusing on small commodity industries, collecting and increasing profits. The company focused on small commodity industries, displacing real estate operations in 2020 and introducing commodity sales based on platforms such as "Ewes" and "Yu" and "chinagoods" and now generating revenue of $3.73 billion, a 7.8% decrease in the same year; commodity sales led to higher overall revenue levels in 2021.
With regard to net profits, after the company had severed its real estate business, in 2021 there was a marked increase in the return on investment on the part of the consortium, the joint venture, and in the same time the commodity sales business provided a high growth dynamic, with the company achieving a net return profit of 1.330 billion yuan, or 44 per cent more than the previous year; in 2022, the amount of 100 million yuan, or 81.8 per cent higher than the previous year, we believe that the company has developed a stronger operational synergy since the focus on the small commodity industry.
In the short term, 2022 was under pressure from the recurrent effects of the epidemic, but in the medium and long term, revenue and profits were growing steadily. Commodity sales led to higher revenues.
The current operating income of $380 million, or 12.8 per cent, became the second largest firm in terms of sales: in 2021, sales increased to $2.590 billion, while sales rose to 46.4 per cent, to the company ' s top business; in 2022, commercial sales increased by 90.9 per cent to $4.95 billion and, in our view, sales increased to 67.6 per cent.
The Māori rate is a long-term structural change over the short term, with rent-free rent-free and long-term structural changes. In terms of Māori rates, the overall Māori rate is self-serving.
On the other hand, in 2022, the company ' s core business market operated on a total of approximately $1 billion in rent relief for micro-enterprises or individual business owners, resulting in a gross gross Maori rate of 64.3 per cent; on the other hand, the company ' s sales of commodities had a low Māori rate of less than 1 per cent, but its share of revenue was constantly affected by rent relief policies and its gross profit contribution had declined, and market operations would have contributed if the rent relief had been restored.
The profits of $1.74 billion, an increase of 13.5 per cent over the same period; other businesses contributing about 10 per cent to the company ' s second largest Māori business, including mainly profits from the operation of the Chinagoods platform, are expected to lead to an increase in Māori later on (cross-border RMB payment platform) and cross-border logistics operations.
The company’s cost increases in 2020 were mainly due to increases in domestic market promotion and publicity, manpower, agency counselling and vaccination costs during the epidemic; the overall cost increases after 2021 were mainly due to the growth of the company’s low-cost commodity sales, which boosted the overall collection level, thereby achieving a smooth cost performance during the period
The overall downward trend in terms of the level of net interest rates at the parent level is due mainly to the decline in the ratio of gross domestic product (Māori) to the higher ratio of merchandise sales, the decline in net interest rates, but the contribution of corporate real estate investment.
Investment returns have led to a more stable decline in net corporate interest rates than in the Māori rate. We believe that the decline in the Māori and net profit rates of companies is due to a rapid increase in the share of revenues from commodity sales.
The equity structure is stable. The corporate equity structure is centralized and controlled by the local state.