Change embraces change and empowers the full value chain to build a diverse technology consortium in the United States (000333.sz)
• One of the leading companies in the domestic white power industry, which for the first time covers the “buy-in” rating, is one of the leading companies in the national white power industry. We believe that with the growing size of the overall white power industry and the upgrading of the product structure within the industry, companies are expected to continue to benefit as white power taps.
Outside, the company benefits from the new country’s destination and home- and home-based policies in terms of sales, and actively expands its sea-time recycling in terms of external sales: why does America’s group perform better? 1) Performance: the beauty group perform better overall. We believe that the main factor is: a. America’s group-channel reform.
The early start has a pre-existing advantage. b. The brands expand the market using a high value for money strategy, and the product categories are more diverse.c. The groups focus on improving the quality of the product after the market share of the expanded product group. 2) Outlook: the price differentials for the beautiful, and the power products are expected to decrease.a. The new air conditioning countries will be exploited for low-end products.
• Competitive advantages: brands cover a full range of brands, channels change technology groups.
Companies have a strong competitive advantage in five areas of strategy, brand, channel, product and R & D. 1) Strategies: Companies are committed to digitizing from traditional home power giants to technology groups; 2) Brands: Multi-brand matrices fully covering the differentiated needs of various groups; 3) Channels: cutting down the channel level, increasing the efficiency and control of the channel; 4)
Products: Extension of the outreach product category to cover the diversity of consumer demand; 5) R & D: with R & D inputs and continuous leading technological innovation. • Future increases: new national targets drive domestic sales growth, external sales and robotic layouts add up
The company will be able to increase its performance by expanding its internal sales, outreach and forward-looking deployment of robotics. 1) Intra-market sales: new air-conditioning landmarks, home- and electricity-diversion policies that benefit companies; 2) Outsourcing: moving into the corporate globalization process and actively expanding its overseas operations; 3) bright spots: acquisition of Kuka, layout robotics.
1.1. Performance: America’s Group Performance as a Group as a Group as a whole is more visible, and in terms of operating income, America’s Group as a Group as a Group as a Group as a whole has been in the lead since 2015. US$2016q2-2017q3
From 2019q3 to the present, America’s conglomerates have expanded again. In 2020q2, America’s conglomerates collected $81,363 million, and the Gembers, 49,693 million; compared to the Gembers, America’s conglomerates collected $31,670 billion in the quarter, 17 pct more than in the previous quarter.
In terms of net return profits, there is a significant advantage in the net return profit of 2018q4 to the United States. Of this, the net return profit of the United States group is $9.117 billion, and the net profit of the GEM is $4.804 billion. The net return profit of the United States group during the quarter is $4.313 billion higher than that of the GEM, which is 41 pct higher than the rate of increase.
Figure 1: Group revenue from 2015 to the present is still in the lead overall figure: 2.18q4 to the present, the net profit growth of the United States group is significant, and from 2015 to the present, the level of the United States grouppe as a whole is higher. Of this, by the end of 2017, the net profit growth rate of the United States group was higher.
This month to date, the U.S. Group-G.E.E.E.P. is again on the rise, with the market giving the U.S. Group higher than the U.S. Group-E. as a whole since 2015, and we believe that the main reasons for the U.S. Group performance as a whole are as follows:
(1) The American group started early and had a pre-emptive advantage. The American group started to deploy the power company platform in 2013 and then undertook a process of flattening the channel, cutting levels and increasing efficiency. As of 2020h1, the company had set up more than 30 regional market operations throughout the country, while expanding its engineering lines and trying lines.
In addition, the t+3 business model is being transformed efficiently, drawing on the advantages of the Ande-Team logistics system. Channel reform has contributed to faster growth in America’s corporate performance. (2) US brands use high value-for-money strategies to expand markets and diversify products.
In the case of air-conditioning products, the average price of air-conditioning in the United States was about $2,500 in 2020, and the average price of gravity air-conditioning was about $3,300, and the United States price advantage of air-conditioning was more pronounced. With high-value prices, the United States was able to expand its multi-grade product range faster, with various products such as air-conditioning, refrigerators, washing machines, oil smoke.
Market shares have been higher in markets such as machines, gas stoves, and small domestic appliances. Figure 5: 2020w1-2020w37, average air conditioner prices are lower than those of GACs.
The digital transformation of companies, with an emphasis on technology research and development, further improves the quality of their products. In addition, companies undertake branding, diversified layout, and cover high-end markets through high-end brands, such as Colmo, to further boost the growth of their performance.
On July 1, 2020, new energy efficiency standards for air-conditioning were introduced, and low-end products will be phased out. As a result, the price hub in the air-conditioning industry will move upwards, and the US brand as a whole will have price increases.
G.G. Power appliances are actively developing channels, and the price center of the G.G. brands is moving down or down. G.E.s were launched in 2019 on the power company platform, “The shop of Dong Ming Ju”, a nationwide live broadcast event in 2020, and a major effort was made to bring goods live online to speed up the development of online distribution channels.
Low. For example, air conditioning on line 2020w1 - 2020w37 is less expensive than below line air conditioning. Channel changes in power appliances will increase the sales ratio on the boost line, and the glut will be lower. Thus, the difference in the average price of the beautiful, glutl brand is expected to decrease.
2. The United States Group: Technology Group, which focuses on the field of household electricity and diversifys its layout, focuses on the field of household electricity, creates a strategic pattern of multi-brand and multi-channels, and accelerates the transition to a technology group. In 1968, the founder of the company was able to create a plastic production group; in 1980, the company was involved in household electricity.
Domains, in 2013, are on the market. (1) In the main business, the company, which has been in the field of home-based electricity for many years, has entered into a new industry in recent years, creating a multi-problem business pattern based on heating air conditioners, consumer appliances, and supporting robotics and automated systems. (2) In branding, the company uses the dominant brand, popular and sub-brand colmo, small swans,
Toshiba and others form a multi-brand matrix that covers different types of consumer markets. (3) Channels: after years of development and layout, companies have developed a diversified channel structure that includes kas, specialty shops, power platforms, etc. Figure 7: Companies have formed a multi-brand matrix covering different types of consumer markets.
Figure 9: The company forms a diversified channel structure 2.1. The development process: a diversified, digital technology group, starting with air conditioning, can be divided into four stages, depending on the continuous enrichment and improvement of the company ' s products, brands and channels:
(1) In 1980-1991, the company entered the field of domestic electricity to explore the path of white electricity development: in November 1980, the company produced the first 40-centimetre metal fan, which led to its involvement in the field of domestic electricity. In April 1985, the company established the “American Air-conditioning Plant” and entered the air-conditioning industry, one of the country's first air-conditioning companies at that time.
During this period, the company entered the domestic power industry and actively promoted the development of the air-conditioning industry, opening the way for exploration in the field of white power. (2) 1992-2001, diversified product structure, improved product matrix: in 1992, the company began to develop it.
Joint ventures with prominent enterprises such as Toshiba, Sanyang, and Meloni, Italy, to expand product lines through commercial air conditioning, electric power, microwaves, drinking water, ih cooking, etc. (3) From 2002 to 2010, to promote acquisitions and joint ventures to achieve cross-cutting development: positive corporate push
In addition, the company has continued to improve its internal and external business layout and to accelerate globalization. (4) From 2011 to date, the digitalization strategy has been transformed, with existing industries, new industries and internationalization:
Since 2014, the t+3 model has been piloted in the Department of Little Swan Laundries, and since then the company has been pushing for a digital transformation of t+3 for the sale of ordered products. In 2016, the company acquired the Toshiba White Power business and moved to international markets like Japan.
In 2017, the company acquired the German robotic company Kuka and set up three joint ventures to expand the three main business areas of industrial robotics, medical treatment, and warehousing automation; and in the same year, the company acquired the Israeli sports control system solution to provide high commercial innovation and global layout of the robotic and industrial automation industry, accelerating the company's transformation to a technological consortium.
2.2. Financial analysis: The rate of growth in revenue collection has slowed and the overall profitability has slowed (1). Income: The rate of growth in corporate gross revenue has slowed, and income from internal and external sales has been more stable and evenly distributed, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, which has led to a decline in income.
According to sub-operations, the rate of increase in HAC revenue has slowed and income from new and emerging products has fallen. In 2017, company-owned operations were divided into electricity, small household power, electrical power, logistics for HAC, consumer appliances, robotics and automated systems. In 2017-2019, the company collected HAC, consumer appliances, robotics and automated systems.
(2) Māori rate: The overall Māori rate of the company is more stable, the heating of air conditioners and the higher Māori rate of consumer appliances. Overall, the Māori rate of the company is more stable, slightly lower than that of GW, Hair Ji, and less than the Māori rate of the general population, mainly because of beauty. In 2012-2019, the Māori rate of the company remained at around 25%, with Mā1 2020h1.
From 2012 to 2016, everyone’s electricity, small household electricity, contributed more to Maori. From 2017 to 2019, the company’s heating air conditioners, consumer appliances, robots, etc.
The average Māori rates for automated systems are 30.47%, 29.34%, and 19.37% respectively. Among these, the higher heating and air conditioning rates, the higher consumption rates and the larger business share of electrical appliances contribute to the overall Māori rate. (3) Cost rates: lower cost of company sales and higher R&D costs.
In 2012-2019, the public-sector sales cost rate remained at around 10%, compared to 9.04% in 2020h1. The lower sales cost rate was mainly due to the company’s sophisticated management operations, and the entire pipeline of stock management and movement control provided by the American consortium’s subsidiary, Anders Logistics, decreased.
Companies focus on R & D, and R & D rates are generally high. In 2016-2019, the company’s R & D costs were raised on a good basis.
Figure 18: US group sales cost overall is at a lower level Figure 19: US group R & D cost overall is at a higher level (4) Net profit and net interest rate: corporate overall profitability is higher
Cagr (15.37%) reflects good corporate control over costs. 2020h1, the company ' s level of net return to the mother, reflects America ' s group ' s stable and strong profitability. 2.3. Equity structure is stable, and management and business technical backbone incentives are well developed.
The company’s equity structure is stable, and real control over the well-being of its founders is exercised. As of 2020h1, the stock holding company shares of 29.88% are held indirectly by the well-being holding company’s stock, and the daughter-in-law of Ludyan, whose management and business skills interests are tied to the company and incentives are in place.
The introduction of the Corporate Incentives Scheme has been gradually accelerating, with the company ' s management and business skills backbone, restricted equity incentive schemes since 2014 and, especially since 2017, the company ' s restrictive stock incentive schemes and equity incentive schemes have been introduced annually to fully motivate management, business skills and dynamism.
On August 25, 2012, the U.S. group announced that H.E. H.H. H. Hongbo, the president of H.E. H.H., the director of H.E. H.H.H., the director of H.E. H.H.H., the director of H.E. H.H.H.H., the director of H.E. H.H.H., the director of the group, and that he would continue to be a shareholder of the U.S. group, which marked the formal conclusion of the union between the U.S. and the founder of the company.
Different from the way family businesses carry on, career managers, through their excellent managerial capacity and extensive practical experience, are more conducive to ensuring the efficient functioning of America’s groups, leading them to develop better.
3.1. Industry size: In 2014-2019, the overall growth rate in the white power industry slowed, with the impact of the epidemic affecting the air conditioners, washing machines and refrigerators affected by the epidemic.
(1) Air conditioners: According to data from the Oviyun Network, the retail size of China ' s air conditioner market rose from 157.5 billion yuan to 1979 billion yuan, and the cagr to 4.67 per cent in 2014-2019.
(2) Laundry machines: According to data from the Oviyun Network, the retail market in China rose from 65 billion yuan to 76.4 billion yuan in 2014-2019, and the cagr to 3.28 per cent. The market for laundry machines in 2020h1 had a zero sales value of 27.4 billion yuan, a decrease of 18.2 per cent compared to the previous year, and the 2020h2 market was expected to warm up, considering that the epidemic had eased.
According to the Ovi Cloud Network, retail sales of washing machines are projected at 69.9 billion yuan for the year 2020, a decrease of 8.51 per cent over the same year. (3) Refrigerator: According to the Ovi Cloud Network data, retail sales on the Chinese refrigerator market were 39.2 billion yuan in 2014-2019, a decline of 9.7 per cent compared to 9.7 per cent.
Boxes are closely related to diet and demand is more stable. According to the Ovi cloud network, the retail market for refrigerators for the entire year 2020 is estimated to be $85 billion, a decrease of 6.80 per cent over the year.
According to the National Statistical Office, air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines were 109.3, 98.8, 93.8 per cent in 2018, with 142, 101, 98 per cent in urban areas and 65, 96, 89 per cent in rural areas.
There is still room for further upgrading in towns and villages. As consumption rises, some new products, such as debacterial, mother-and-child white electricity products, will become new structural demand growth points.
Figure 27: Rural empty ice-washing product holdings with room for improvement  air-conditioning holdings (desks/100 households)  refrigerator holdings (desks/100 households)
According to the National Statistical Office, 100 units of air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines were owned by 103.6, 121.1, 142.7 units per 100 units in 2007-2012.
There has been a significant increase in the retention of empty ice-washing products. Because of the age of white electricity products or the new cycle, which is about 10 years, and the country’s large base of empty ice-washing products, it is predictable that the White Power Market will be able to meet the effective release of new demand in about 2020-2022.
Figure 28: Significant increases in air conditioners per household, 2010-2012: significant increases in refrigerators per household, 2010-2012: significant increases in washing machine per household, 2010-2012
In 2019, we sold 9216, 4338 and 4.54 million of our national air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, respectively, which has been growing steadily since 2014.
Industrial development has generally been stable, but there is still much room for improvement than in countries that are more mature in the white-electric sector. For example, the white-air-conditioning class has an air-conditioning penetration rate of over 90% in the United States and Japan, while the Chinese market has an air-conditioning penetration rate of about 60%, some distance from the industrial ceiling.
Figure 32: There is still room for improvement in the sales of empty ice washings in the country 3.3. Competition patterns: higher concentration in the industry and more fragmentation of the line relative to the line Overall, higher concentration in the white power sector represented by empty ice washing.
Yearly air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines are 82.84%, 72.65% and 74.59% respectively. Line 5 is branded separately, (1) Underline market: Air condition markets are made up of Gri, United States as the first echelon (city > 25%), Haile, Heinzung, Heejiura as the second echelon (city between 5% and 11%), and the rest of the decentralized brand is the third echelon.
Teams (30 per cent of the city), class 2 for beauty, voice and Mitsubishi (between 10 and 13 per cent of the city); the market share of the washing machine, Haile (>30 per cent of the city), group 2 for small swans and class 2 for beauty (between 12 and 17 per cent of the city).
(2) On-line market: the share of the air-conditioning market is better (market > 30%), the share of the AC market is better (city > 30%) and the share of the AC market is higher for the AC market is second echelon (city > 18-25%); the share of the refrigerator market is better for the sea and beauty (city > 15%), the share of the sound, Condja and Mitsubishi is second echelon (city > 6%-10%); the share of the washing machine market is first for the sea (city > 10%);
In 2019, the market under the air-conditioning line was 82.84 per cent, and in 2019, the market on the air-conditioning line was 83.89 per cent.
Figure 35: The market under the refrigerator was 72.65 per cent in 2019, and figure 36: the market on the refrigerator was 62.52 per cent in 2019.
Figure 37: The market under the washing machine was 74.59 per cent in 2019. Figure 38: The market on the washing machine was 69.41 per cent in 2019.
In the White Power market, prices fell to varying degrees in 2019 in the air-conditioning sector.
Consumption is cold, empty ice-washing brands are marketed at lower prices, and the average price has fallen considerably. 2020q2, the epidemic has subsided, prices have eased, and the average price of empty ice-washing products has recovered slightly.
Figure 40: 2020q1 Refrigerator's average price of brands fell
The fall in income levels over the period resulted in cold consumption, the build-up of the epidemic affecting the completion of real estate, renovations and installation of products, prompting low-cost competition in the white-electric sector. (2) Switching of new and old energy-efficient products from air-conditioning to low-cost sales and digesting of stocks. 1 July 2020, new air-conditioning energy.
Efficiency standards are in place, but there are still more stocks of older energy-efficient products from brands, and air-conditioning companies have reduced prices by 2020h1 to accelerate the digestion of stocks and to switch product energy efficiency levels. (1) As the epidemic eases, consumption is warming, and price wars will ease;
(2) Low-end products are phased out and industry prices are expected to move up as a result of the new air-conditioning landmarks. 3.4. Industry channels: changes in the epidemic’s catalytic channels, rising up-to-the-line ratio. 2020’s accelerated white power distribution channels were turned from below-line.
During the year, the distribution of air conditioners, refrigerators and washing machines in China rose from 20.0 per cent, 28.1 per cent, 30.7 per cent to 43.0 per cent, 51.3 per cent, and 54.3 per cent, and the retail distribution of online channels increased considerably compared to the previous year, when the share of air conditioners, refrigerators and washing machines increased by 11.0 per cent, respectively, by the end of 2019.
12.3 pct, 10.0 pct. On the one hand, in response to the national call for immunization, most of the down-to-the-line shops were shut down, which led to the transfer of domestic electricity consumption demand release channels to the line; on the other hand, the epidemic increased the population’s saving tendency, consumption spending contracted, and price advantages of the line channels were better exploited.
4. Corporate perspective: diverse competitive advantages and significant future increases in internal and external sales 4.1. Competitive advantages: full branding, channel change-facilitative transformation technology group 4.1.1. Strategy: Corporate commitment to digitalization from traditional power giants to technology group
The company's strategic positioning for change, a comprehensive digital and intelligent transformation around the user experience, is committed to transforming itself from a traditional home-based power giant to an international technology group. Since 2016, the company's two-minded strategy of “smart home-made intelligence” has been extended to propose “becoming a global leader in consumer appliances, heating air conditioning, robotics, and industrial automation.”
Starting with the strategic vision of the Chemical Technologies Group, companies have moved into new industries like robotics and automated systems, smart supply chains, and have begun the transition from a traditional home-based power giant to an international technology group. At the end of the product service, companies focus on creating smart and temperature-based smart products and providing a whole value chain of intelligence.
The company continues to invest in and develop new and emerging areas such as artificial intelligence, chips, sensors, big data, cloud computing, giving products, machines, processes, systems the ability to sense, recognize, understand, make decisions, minimize the barriers to human interaction, and create “without interaction” smart household electrical products.
(c) Build the iot value chain around “people and families” to cover user data protection, smart scene content operations, smart connection technology development, smart home ecology, cloud platform construction, smart voice functions and big data cloud house service to provide users with complete home-life solutions.
Figure 44: Firms ' ongoing investment in new and emerging science and technology to build smart household electricity products Figure 45: iot total value chain construction to provide full intelligent household living services
In early 2017, the company acquired one of the world’s four largest robot companies, Germany, Kuka, to apply robots to a multi-industry area of intelligent manufacturing such as automobiles, medicine, logistics, etc.
Important forces that can create high-points. At the same time, firms promote end-end synergies through software- and data-driven all-value chain transports that fully cover R & D, order booking, planning, flexible manufacturing, procurement, quality tracking, logistics, and customer-service installation.
Figure 46: Company acquisition of Kuka, Germany, to apply robotics to intelligent manufacturing, figure 47: Corporate digitally intelligent whole-value chain operations drive end-end synergies Software and data-driven entire value chain companies build industrial Internet platforms to support their own and industry clients with science and technology platforms.
The industrial Internet platform “m.iot” is the country’s first full industrial platform provider with autonomous industrial knowledge, software, hardware as a whole, making possible deep changes in c2m soft manufacturing, research and development platform modularization, digital processes and simulations, smart logistics, digital marketing, and digital subscriptions.
In addition to applications in the company’s own industrial chain, services are being provided to customers in more than 200 different industries, reflecting the fact that they are moving towards the goals of the technology group.
Corporate brands cover a full range of tob and toc areas. (1) For the b end, the company owns kuka, m.iot, clivet, mmcc, welling, and many other brands cover levels ranging from popular to high, non-intelligent to intelligent, providing industrial robots, Internet service platforms, industrial appliances, etc.
Differential services; (2) to the c-end, companies also use brands such as beauty (midea), swans (littleswan), colmo, wahin, Beverly (beverly) to form a multi-brand portfolio covering different consumer groups.
The brand matrix of Colmo, Toshiba, etc., has a clear brand positioning and targeting client base, forming a product mix that fully covers the differentiated needs of the various consumer groups.
High-end markets, targeting elites, Toshiba, etc., are mainly aimed at overseas markets. With brand matrices covering the differentiated needs of the various groups of people, corporate revenue is driven by purchasing power at all levels, such as home-based air-conditioning products, where a 36.5 per cent/33 per cent share of the bottom line of 2020h1 is achieved by covering a full brand matrix.
The same-year upgrade of 7 pct/5.8pcs has significantly improved the competitiveness of firms in the segmented market. 4.1.3, Channels: Reduction of channel levels, increase of channel efficiency and control Companies have been able to flatten channels, increase of channel efficiency and control through multiple channels of change.
Channel changes can be divided into four main stages: (1) the proxy multi-layer distribution phase (until 2005): companies sell their products to first-generation generations using a multi-tier model of “United States group-sub-company-first-level agency-second-level agent-retailer-consumer”
In this channel structure, agents play a crucial role, with multiple agents in regional markets, and United States regional affiliates supply agents directly to the terminal.
(2) Channel sinking phase (2005-2011): Since 2005, the United States group has established a local marketing company system, and the branch management has entered into a joint venture with the distributor to establish a sales company, which has transformed the sales model into a “United States group headquarters - a joint venture sales company - a distributor - a retailer - a consumer” and a joint venture with an agent to establish a company, which has strengthened the cooperation between the channel and the promotion.
At the same time, the channels have been streamlined to speed up the response to the market, and there has been a significant increase in business motivation. On-line channels, e-commerce companies have been set up, and the United States’ official lines have been set up to operate in Businesstown.
In 2016, the company’s Skycat Kyoto system reached 10 billion in size, with sales on-line accounting for more than 20% of the company’s internal sales. In 2017, the company played “Line Users and Orders on-line.”
+The full-channel layout advantage of the under-line flagship shop + logistics warehouse is explored to explore digital precision marketing. (4) The channel flattening phase (2017-present): As a result of the high price increases in traditional distribution channels, Suning's retailing has begun to cut down the channel hierarchy in the form of direct branding and direct supply from the factory.
In 2017, the company eliminated second-tier distributors and moved the function of first-tier distributors to operators at the “American group-business centre-agent-retailer-consumer.” At the same time, the cloud market’s net-packing model brought the end-to-worker directly together, saving the intermediary agent’s price increase, and increasing the efficiency and control of the channels.
The company’s t+3 model, which started in 2013 with a small swan, translates large-scale early production into wholesale production based on end-user demand.
The four cycles of receiving user orders, raw material stocking, factory production, and delivery sales will optimize the manufacturing process through the whole industry chain, synthesizing production, supply, and sales from 7 days to 3 days per cycle and below. The stock turnover has been reduced from 32 days since the implementation of the t+3 model by small swans in 2013
Twenty-five days have seen a significant increase in the turnover and profitability of the small swan business, partly in response to the power vendor’s impact on the washing machine industry. In 2015, the t+3 model, which was successfully piloted by the swan, was rolled out to the American group to open up channels to change the new era.
The t+3 orders strategy of the United States group has had a positive impact on companies in two main ways: (1) production strategies: keeping company production tight to market demand through a cut-off t+3 model, flexible adjustments to production making the public more accurate in market judgement, pre-empting and improving energy efficiency; (2) stock pressure through t+3 models
The formula allows companies to produce demand-based materials that effectively reduce their stock holdings, thereby reducing stock pressure, which could have been strictly controlled, while at the same time reducing to some extent the risk of stock depreciation.
Companies continue to expand their range of products to include multiple types of operations. Through mergers and acquisitions and autonomous R & D, companies continue to expand their range of products, gradually moving from a fan, air-conditioning company to a multi-purpose technology group that covers multiple types of products. Companies expand their production capacity through the introduction of equipment technology and cooperation with foreign investors.
In the meantime, companies are gradually introducing technology such as big data platforms, based on small and large household electricity, to provide technology-intelligent products and services. The company’s rich product matrix covers the diversity of consumer demand.
In addition to the main items, such as air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, etc., the company covers kitchen power, microwave power, and cleaning power, such as vacuum cleaners, vacuum robots, etc., and provides consumers with a comprehensive picture.
The company’s full-blown home-based home-based home-based home-based electricity product lines have increased its product competitiveness and brand power. The company is able to expand and increase its share of new products through the integration of industrial chains and its own branding advantages.
Breaking the technological bottlenecks of new entry into sub-sectors, including through M&As, so that new entrants still have the R&D manufacturing capacity of the latecomer. At the same time, firms have complete chains that combine key components with the R&D, manufacturing, and marketing of new products, with a scale effect on the manufacturing of new product categories.
Even in the newly entered sub-industry, the market share can be quickly seized by virtue of its stronger cost advantages; moreover, companies, as the vanguards of the home power industry, use their stronger brand advantage to reach consumers more effectively and to gain the confidence of consumers more easily, thereby increasing the penetration of firms in the sub-sector and becoming strong market competitors.
4.1.5. R & D: sustaining R & D inputs and having continuous leadership in technological innovation The R & D layout and multi-level R & D systems of companies are globally competitive. (1) In R & D layout, the United States group has 28 research centres at home and abroad to shape global research
Published by the Department, building the advantages of the R & D industry. Domestically, at the heart of the Global Innovation Centre at Sünder headquarters, and preparing for the Shanghai Global Innovation Park; overseas, corporate R & D centres are located in 10 countries, dominated by the United States R & D Centre, the German R & D Centre, the Japanese R & D Centre, and the Milan Design Centre, Italy, building on their regional advantages to global research.
(ii) In the R & D system, companies drive product innovation through a two-driven model that is “user-driven + differentiated technology-driven” so that products are continuously competitive. Companies have built up “three” around product-led strategies.
The research and development model of the generation — “Research generation”, “Reservation generation”, “Development generation”; and the creation of a four-tier structure of research and development in the research and development sector of the Ministry — the group's central institute conducts basic research, subversive research, medium- and long-term common technology research; the Ministry of Enterprise is responsible for personalized technology research, product development, for companies.
In 2019, the company took the initiative to conduct 25 scientific studies on the human perception and interaction of room air regulators, and industrialization, among others.
As a result, it has been recognized by the authorities as “international leader”; the company's 12 scientific research projects have received prizes such as the China Light Industry Federation's Science and Technology Progress Award; in addition, in 2019, the company was granted 2704 patents on Chinese inventions, in the power sector. First, the number of domestic and foreign patent applications was 13525, and the number of overseas patent applications has increased by more than 100 per cent over the same period.
Research and development (R & D) has been growing at a high rate over time. Moreover, the ratio of R & D inputs to business income has been consistently higher than in the same industry, figure 56: the share of R & D inputs in companies has been consistently higher than in industry.
The number of company R & D personnel has continued to rise. The number of company R & D personnel has also continued to rise from 8672 to 13727 between 2015 and 2019, rising from 9.30% to 10.18%, and the company ' s long-term technological pool has kept the company in the lead.
4.2. Future increases: the new national tender boosts the growth of domestic sales, external sales and robotic layouts add up 4.2.1, internal sales: the new national air-conditioning landmarks, home- and electricity-downland policies benefit companies.
The 2019 edition of the new energy efficiency level standard for air conditioners was implemented on 1 July 2020, and is expected to accelerate the clean-up of energy-inefficient products, benefiting the leaders. China’s National Committee for Standardization has promulgated the 2019 edition of the new energy-efficiency level standard for air conditioners, raising energy efficiency standards at the same level, defining a phase-out schedule for energy-inefficient and high-energy products, and raising air conditioners.
More than 45% of low-energy air conditioning is expected to be phased out, which will accelerate the industry’s card-shuffling. Increasing industry skills will lead the industry away from a low-quality, low-priced competitive environment, benefiting the leading air-conditioning industry, which has the advantage of higher-frequency-changing products.
As a leading brand, a change-of-frequency layout, and the ability of leading technological inputs and industrial chains to integrate, beauty will magnify its cost advantage. Because most small and medium brands in our air-conditioning industry rely mainly on low-price advantages in low-end markets, the product structure tends to be less energy-efficient.
As new energy efficiency standards land, cost upscaling will force long-tail brands to raise prices, narrow price spreads, and reduce their pre-existing low-price advantages, while beauty as a leader can control costs in the short term by using its model advantages, magnifying costs in the long run by its stronger R&D and industrial integration capabilities.
At the same time, Smurfette has a 33.5% market share in the compressor market and has a strong core technological advantage, thereby promoting a greater concentration of market share towards the flagship brand. Figure 58: Smurfette has a major share in the compressor market and has a large core technological advantage.
In other cities, China’s electricity and electricity companies are promoting the renewal of the white cycle. In other provinces, such as Guangzhou, the country’s domestic electricity and electricity operations have helped to stimulate demand, open markets, and speed up the recovery of electricity consumption after the outbreak.
SUS: On the other hand, the government pursues policies such as home- and electricity-diversion, old-fashioned, energy-efficient, and people-friendly policies, while focusing on quality upgrading and the promotion of new and intelligent products that promote new and renewable consumption of white electricity. Since America’s champion is at the forefront of the industry in terms of new product-type R&D and product-quality upgrading, the policy will accelerate the process of low-quality branding.
The company benefits from further improvements in the performance and penetration of the company’s white power business. 4.2.2, Outsourcing: Advancing the process of corporate globalization and actively expanding its overseas operations The company has a clear “three-step” route abroad. (1) Step one: oem workers.
Co-operation with foreign firms to obtain business technology and oem orders, co-operation with 18 global retail companies and the world’s top 10 brands in Oem subsectors to promote rapid growth in corporate size: (2) Step two: joint ventures.
Advanced technologies and mature systems to reduce the risk of overseas expansion: (iii) Step 3: Investment mergers and acquisitions to create home-grown brands. Companies build their own production bases abroad, create their own brands, and move from oems to obm; and work in depth with large international companies to improve their overseas layout.
Figure 59: The company has a clear "three steps" to open up overseas.
Establishment of overseas production bases, cooperation with international and foreign enterprises, acquisition of technology, participation in international second-line brands, creation of international production bases
Deepening cooperation between large companies; joint ventures by oems and oem orders, with the help of foreign firms
The company has been working through investment acquisition, cooperative self-building and so on since 1998 when it acquired Toshiba Mandalay, Japan.
From 1998 to date, companies have continued to acquire brands such as Toshiba, miraco, clivet, eureka, and Kuka, as well as to promote overseas bases for overseas markets such as Japan, Africa, and Europe, which help them to quickly open channels using overseas indigenous brands, increase the efficiency of company penetration in overseas markets and reduce the risk of expansion.
Figure 60: The U.S. push for overseas expansion through initiatives such as the acquisition of investment, and corporate expansion abroad drives up the ratio of outward sales. As the company expands overseas, at the same time, the global market share of the company’s air conditioning, washing machines, etc., is above 10% in the white power sector.
The world’s top three. Firm overseas business expansion optimizes the company’s revenue structure and drives the globalization process to the advantage of evading the risks of a single market, while emerging markets can bring new growth points to the company’s performance.
In 2017, the company acquired 3.71 billion euros in cash and acquired 81 per cent of the shares in the cards, holding a total of 3,766,000 shares in the Kuka Group, accounting for 94.6 per cent of the total stock of the Kuka Group, which is the world ' s leading supplier of robotic and automated production equipment and solutions, involving automobiles, logistics, medical care, etc.
In a number of areas, such as energy, the company’s acquisition of a card is an important and strategic initiative to integrate a “twilight” strategy to further develop the robotics industry. Our robotics industry still has much room for growth and development.
Human density stands at 831 per thousand, the highest in the world, while our robotic density stands at 140 per thousand, which is still far from the world’s first progress, while our robotic density is 30 per cent faster than the same year, with greater potential for development. Thus, with flexible manufacturing in manufacturing, industrial automation trends, emerging markets, industrial robots are emerging.
America’s leaders in the robotics industry have responded to future trends in the industry, bringing potential future performance growth points for companies. The company’s short-term performance in buying the cards is mainly a pre-investment and epidemic shock.
Short-term operations have fallen short of expectations since Ka’s inception, mainly because (1) the company’s robotic operations are in the advanced stages of investment in China’s market and still require sustained investment in R & D and intellectual upgrading, which have delayed the dividends of the Kuka’s operations and have not translated into short-term increases for the company.
Performance performance. (2) The 2020 impact of the epidemic brought the global economy to a standstill and the temporary closure of some of the Kuka clients caused a significant decline in its main business; but in the medium and long term, as the situation improves, the need for industrial machines and automation will increase further, and the related investment activity will resume as the epidemic continues.
In the future, Kuka will focus on China as one of the four important points of action for future business upgrading. In its 2018 annual report, Kuka published four points of action for future business upgrading, one of which is: Focus China, reporting to its headquarters separately from China.
Industrial automation, smart logistics automation, and smart medical automation; and industrial robotic production lines at the Sindh Science Park. Through the follow-up integration of American groups and the emphasis placed on China’s market by Kuka, China’s future co-ordinates and enhances the performance of robotic operations.
(1) As the White Power industry continues to grow in size and structural upgrading of products, leading companies have a stable and well-established position and are expected to continue to benefit. (2) The company benefits from the policies of the new national tender, home and electricity, and global sales
In addition, the company acquired the earlier configuration of the Kuka robotics business, which is expected to improve in the near future due to early input and the impact of the epidemic, and the robotics industry, which is one of the leading companies in the national white power industry. We believe that with the size of the entire white power industry,
The company is expected to continue to benefit from the expansion and upgrading of the product structure within the industry. In addition, the company benefits from the new country’s land and household policies in terms of internal sales, actively expands its overseas operations in terms of external sales, and is forward-looking in terms of robotics, with greater scope for the future.
The U.S. Thinker, G.G., and American groups have an advantage in the digital transformation and diversification of operations, giving (1) the risk of a recurring epidemic: a short-term impact on domestic and foreign consumer production due to the epidemic in early 2020, a short-term reduction in the flow of people under the line, and an increase in the incidence of the epidemic abroad, which has had a severe impact on the external sales of companies.
Strike. If the future epidemic is repeated or prolonged for a long time, or has an impact on the company ' s future business development. (2) The risk of price volatility of upstream raw materials: the company ' s main raw materials for electrical appliances and core parts are copper, steel, aluminium, plastic, etc., at all levels, if the price of the raw materials increases considerably in the future, and the company is fine
Lower costs associated with increased production and efficiency and the inability of end-market prices to fully absorb the impact of cost fluctuations will have an impact on the performance of firms. (3) Industry competition increases the risk of increased competition in the future power sector, such as price wars or against the public.
The Division’s business performance has had some impact. (4) Overseas markets have not expanded as expected: internationalization and globalized operations are long-term corporate strategies, and companies are also opening up overseas markets if they are to do so in the future because of political factors such as trade frictions, tariff barriers, etc., or the company’s global resources
Integration and synergies are less than expected or pose challenges to firms ' overseas market planning and business expansion.