Pcb & Copperboard operations are expected to continue to grow in the midst of a wave of electronics (600183.sh) pcbiiai
According to company 2025h1, the sales of the company’s copper plate have increased on a par, while the product structure has been continuously optimized to raise the Māori rate and promote higher levels of profitability.
The continued optimization of the product structure, the steady advancement of the restructuring of the production capacity, and efforts to increase the share of higher value-added products have further consolidated the competitive advantage in medium- and high-end markets, resulting in a significant increase in operating earnings and net profits over the same period of the previous year. The copper coating is an important component of pcb, with the company already supplied in bulk with gpu/ai-related products.
It consists of ccl, semi-solidated sheet (pp), copper plating (copperfoil), and welding (solder mask). The ccl is the core material for producing circuit boards, which are known as ccl, which immers enhanced materials in resin glucose, one or both of which are covered in bronze, and is a plate made of heat.
The copper board has three main functions: printing circuit board conductors, insulations, and supporting them, which have a significant impact on the speed of transmission of signals in the circuit, energy loss, and resistance to properties. There are many areas of downstream application in the copper plate, where performance requirements vary, and where the products in question of a high-calculation have new requirements for signal transmission rates and bandwidth, and carry signals.
The requirements for lower wear and tear have also been introduced in the past copper sheet material, and the hardware equipment related to the one server has been upgraded very quickly, and the product pattern has varied considerably from the previous cable product, in line with the new architecture and material requirements proposed by the client. The robust demand for the server market has benefited from the drive of technologies such as artificial intelligence, data centres, high performance computing, etc.
The market for high-end pcb products, such as high multilayered hdi, is expected to grow. According to Prismark, the global server/data storage area pcb market in 2024 was $10.916 billion, an increase of 33.1 per cent over the same period, which is far faster than the other applications of pcb; the global server/data storage area is expected to increase in 2029 pcb
Other applications. On the company’s strong management system, technology platforms, solutions have been given quickly, closing with clients, and timely delivery of new products for certification, which is a good response to clients’ demands. The company is actively working with major domestic and international terminals to develop related projects on gpu and ai, and already has products in bulk supply.
Companies should continue to provide end and pcb clients with more performance-challenging materials. According to the Prismark statistics and rankings of the global rigid copper sheet, the total sales of the technology-resilient copper sheet jumped to 14% in 2023, the second largest global market share.
For more than 20 years, the Japanese-Korean, European-American, and domestic-based new forces have both a clear market layout and a steady growth market expansion. As new energy cars develop, they continue to develop corresponding products and gain new market growth and bulk applications.
High-speed materials, millimetre wave materials, hdi, high tgfr-4, high heat, high cti, scratchy materials, metal-based materials, etc., which account for about 25% of the sales of automobile-related products.
High-middle tg, non-halogen, high heat, automobiles, high-frequency high-speed, envelopes, etc., are expected to continue to benefit ai development, covering for the first time, with an “enhanced” rating.
The company’s main business is the design, production and sale of coatings and glue sheets, and the printing of circuit boards. The technology is based on end function demand resolutionrs, who always adhere to high standards, high quality, high performance, high reliability, and autonomous production of high-end electronic materials such as coatings, semi-fixed tablets, insulation presses, metal-based copper sheets, coated copper slabs, and coatings.
Single, double-faced circuit boards and high multi-layer circuit boards are widely used in high-calculation, ai servers, 5g antennas, a new-generation communications base station, large computers, high-end servers, aerospace industries, chip encapsulation, auto electrons, smart homes, engineering and medical equipment, household electricity, consumer terminals and various medium- and high-end electronic products.
The coatings are the core material used to manufacture pcb plates, which are downstream for communications equipment, consumer computers, computers, auto electrons, industrial medicine, aerospace, etc.
The cost has a significant impact on the electronics industry. According to Pricewater, the size of the global market in 2023 is about $21.014 million, and is expected to reach $28.145 million in 2030. We expect the company to cover 2025-2027, with a wide range of applications in the production of circuit boards, covering communications equipment, network equipment, computers/servers, consumer electronics, automobile power.
According to Prismark, the global market value of pcb grew by 5.8 per cent in 2024, to $73.565 billion. In the medium and long term, the growth of the pcb industry was directly or indirectly driven by artificial intelligence development, consumer electronic warming, and so on, the global pcb industry grew at a compound rate between 2024 and 2029.
The following companies were selected as comparable companies: the South Asian new material is a high-technology enterprise that specializes in high-technology materials such as coating sheet design and stickers, whose products are widely used in end-use areas such as consumer electronics, computers, communications, automobiles, etc., and which has developed an operational framework for manufacturing and programme solutions in the ccl industry; and the van arts and technology profession is engaged in research and development, production and marketing of high-density printed circuit boards.
Sales, product-covering rigid circuit boards (multilayers and hdi at the core), flexible circuit boards (single-decks, multilayers, scratch boards), full series of applications widely applied to artificial intelligence, motor electronics (new energy), new generation communications technology, large data centres, industrial interconnections, medical instruments, computers, aerospace, etc.: triangulation shares of pcb products for communication equipment, data centre base
The core application areas are tungsten facilities, auto electrons, supplemented by industrial equipment, semiconductor chip tests, etc.: biofeasible electronics provide customized pcb products to households: congenial electronics cover multiple layers, class panels, thick copper plates, high-frequency high-speed boards, metal-based circuit boards, double/multilayered flexible circuit boards, high-density flexible circuit boards, hdi panels, scratch plates, special materials pcb, etc.
A small number of product types in the country cover manufacturers of rigid circuit boards, flexible circuit boards, and metal-based circuit boards. The certificate, full series of product layouts, covering conventional, medium-high tg, non-halogenated, high-conductor heat, automobiles, high-frequency high-speed, sealing, etc., is expected to continue beneficial ai development, covering for the first time, with an “enhanced” rating.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data