In the first half of 2025, the company managed to collect 12.680 billion yuan in revenue, and in the first half of the year, the company was able to collect 12.6 billion yuan.
The net profit of the mother was 1.378 billion yuan, an increase of 51.68% over the same period. q2 Q2 Q2 companies earned $7.069 billion, an increase of 35.77% over the same period; the net profit of the mother is $863 million, an increase of 59.67% over the same period; the demand for lower q225h1 is stronger and q2 q2 Q1 is more innovative.
The engine and the data centre are the core drivers of the pcb demand, while the demand for laptops, games, etc., is also growing better, especially in the intelligent driving area of the vehicle plate, leading to a faster demand for pcb. Due to macro-environmental impacts, clients capture the relevant policy window period.
Pre-procurement makes overall demand stronger in the first half of the year. Through prior recognition of the goods in the ai and the products involved, the company has gradually turned demand into substantive orders, while increasing domestic demand.
The company’s revenue of $7,069 million in the first quarter was historically high. Prices of major raw materials rose markedly in the first half of the year at q2, and the company adjusted its product price strategy accordingly, q2-quarter Māori and net interest rate points.
With steady growth in the income of the copper sheet and glue business, the additional productive capacity will be released gradually. 6 months after the company's six-month investment in the Jiangxi Sein II project was $291 million, cumulatively $488 million, the project's progress is relative to the depth of 300 per cent.
The production of circuit boards has increased revenue and continued to expand capacity. The production of circuit boards by 2025h1 has generated $3.63 billion in current revenues, representing an increase of 93.16 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate is 27.85 per cent, an increase of 11.91pt over the same year.
An additional $1.75 billion in investment in the construction of Jiangxian II project, which focuses on the area of intelligent manufacturing of high-level multi-layer computing circuit boards designed to meet mid-end needs such as servers, high-level multi-layer network communications and fast-growing ai ari arithmetic, is expected to add 700,000 square metres of capacity.
This report, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views, is presented in an independent and objective manner. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Trade and Finance, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.