Profited technology: Performance grew steadily in the first half of 2025, and the value of the base material of the Arithmetic era was highlighted. 12,680 million yuan in gross operating income was realized in the first half of 2025, with more flowers for downstream applications than last year's growth of pcb, with a particularly high demand in the one area.
The global electronics industry as a whole is on the right track, with a projected annual output of $79.1 billion for the pcb market in 2025, at a rate of 7.6 per cent; of this, servers, ai servers and numbers, according to the Centre, have become the central driving force of market growth, and the demand for hdi, such as laptops, games, etc.
Corporate prices are showing a better growth than they are at 300 depths, with a particularly bright performance in intelligent driving in the vehicle plate, leading to a faster growth in the associated pcb demand, with an increase of 41.7 per cent in the 18+ high and multiple floors, and a projected increase in the hdi plate.
The demand for the pre-procurement component has made the overall demand stronger in the first half of the year.
At the market level, demand has gradually been transformed into a substantial order through the certification layout of the ai and related products and the accumulation of customers in recent years; at the same time, the use of the radiation effects of offshore terminals has increased product certification and production of domestic ai servers, arithmetic, chips, etc.
However, the market is not windy, and prices of major raw materials are rising sharply in the second quarter. In the face of cost upward pressure, the marketing team works on supply and demand, reacts quickly, and succeeds in pushing production over a critical window period.
At the same time, the group combines its efforts to improve delivery capacity and meet customer demand in a timely manner. In internal management, the company continues to strengthen efficient synergies and close linkages between various sectors, such as pipelines, operations, production, and R & D, to ensure the stability of product quality; positive embraces of the ai and numbers.
(a) Wordization technologies, particularly in research and development, production, process/technology testing, to speed up the automation of intelligence and to increase the efficiency of quality.
Ai needs less than expected, company R & D is less than expected, the pcb industry is highly competitive, the pcb core research framework and financial analysis system is mature, is good at analysing investment opportunities from a buyer's perspective, and is fully responsible for team e-industry research using information on legal compliance, and the present report is produced independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.