High-frequency high-speed copper-plate lead companies that benefit from terminal-ai services — technology-for-profit (600183.sh) company incident assessment report 25h1 performance meets expectations and corporate market performance is bright
In the second quarter of 2025, the company achieved $7,069 million in operating income, a year-on-year increase.
In terms of market position, companies are leading companies in the field of global rigid copper plates. According to Prismark, from 2013 to 2024, the total volume of technology-resilient copper sheet sales remained the second-largest in the world, with a global market share of 13.7 per cent in 2024.
With regard to the layout of operations, the company is based on the solver of the end function needs, maintaining high standards, high quality, high performance, high reliability, capable of producing a quantity of copper sheets, semi-stabilized sheets, insulation presses, metal-based copper slabs, coatings of copper, coating of coatings, membranes.
High-end electronic materials. The company ' s products are mainly for the production of billboards, double-faced circuit boards and high-level multi-layer circuit boards, which are widely applied to high-calculation, ai servers, 5g antennas, new-generation communications bases, large computers, high-end servers, aerospace engineers.
Four offshore patents for industry, chip encapsulation, auto electronics, consumer-type terminals and various medium- and high-end electronics; 18 patented in the first half of 2025, of which 12 were domestic and 6 were offshore.
The Division has 534 valid patents. The company has developed various medium losses, high-frequency high-speed copper sheet products, and has implemented multiple batch applications. At the same time, the company’s products are already in card-based envelopes, led, storage cores.
In the first half of 2025, the company produced 74.14 million rials of copper coatings in the higher end of the range of products in the ap, cpu, gpu, ai categories represented by fc-csp, fc-bga wrapping.
In the first half of 2025, the company sold 7,628,000 square metres of copper coatings.
Me, 8.82 per cent more than the same year; sales of stickers, 10,295 million metres, 13.61 per cent more than the same year; sales of printed circuit boards, 789,600 square metres more than the same year.
The lead, rooted in China's local market, is expected to benefit fully from downstream arithmetic, the general trend of rising demand for construction, covering for the first time, giving a "buy-in" investment rating, the downstream csp factory alcapex less than expected, and the high-frequency high-speed copper plate import rate.
Less than expected; upstream raw material price disturbance; Electronic Communications Group, presentation of Luzhoyang: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng Securities, 4 years of experience in research.
Zhang Shuu: B.A. in International Political Economics, University of Hayashida; Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong; Joined China in 2023 Ishi Jungi: Master of Finance, University of Hong Kong; Double Degree in Actuarials and Statistics, University of New South Wales, researcher in the direction of pcb.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.