The second quarter saw a significant increase in performance, with the arrival of cabin products and smart network projects.
The city of Desai Industrial Development in Huezhou saw a significant increase in performance in the second quarter, which exceeded market expectations: corporate performance grew in the first half of the year, with $1.45 billion in revenues in the second quarter, with an increase in the same/ring ratio.
The market value of a share in circulation (millions of dollars) is gradually warming, and companies have been active for many years, with intelligent driving, smart seating and networked services, and the size of the product is a source of income, given the trend towards warmer sales by old and new customers.
The relative depth of the shares, 300 indexes, showed a marked improvement; on the other hand, the cost of a company's profit-making operation was significantly saved, with a gross interest rate of 23.7 per cent rising by 3.4 pct over the first quarter, in addition to the company's participation in ficha.
The net profits of the company are further boosted by the revenues generated by the city. The new projects are made long by the fact that the electronics of the cabins, the smart webs, and the new projects: the company uses the engine as a building block, the active deployment of new areas such as smart driving, network services, etc., and the integrated development of intelligence.
Mobile excursion complexes. In the smart cabin, the company developed version 3.0 of the smart cabin in the 1/3 environment, the multiscreen interactive smart cockpit product is available in the ideal, Chang-An, Chi-Ri, etc.
New orders for the main plant, such as Mo, Gilly, Volkswagen and General Mitsubishi, have increased significantly, with the company ' s car-borne information and entertainment systems and driving information display systems achieving revenues of $1.85 billion and $290 million respectively in the first half of 2020, representing an increase of 1.9 per cent in the same year.
In the case of smart driving, adas products have been scaled up and marketed _aaa_Desessive (002920) annual reports have increased at a high rate, and fully automated parking systems and passenger parking products have gained domestic leadership.
In the first half of the year, the L3-level autopilot domain controller produced in a car-backed vehicle _aaa_Dessavit (002920), and the V2x product, 77g mm wave radar, obtained an order for a vehicle project.
In connection with web services, companies have mastered core technologies such as cloud-end online upgrading technology, network security technology, big data analysis and application technology, and have progressively promoted the first coverage report for the Internet services project, Business _aaa_Desessive (002920)
On the ground, the first half of the year together - the popular Téda brand upgraded its first car network ota.
In the commercial harvest period, the gradual landing of new project orders contributed to the high growth in corporate performance by 79.7 times, 61.6 times and 47.0 times, respectively, and by maintaining an “enhanced” rating, taking into account the gradual landing of new products from the company's smart driving class, intelligent driving and car connection.
More recently, the company published its semi-annual report for 2020, which achieved gross operating income of 2,596 million yuan, an increase of 14.32 per cent over the reporting period and a net profit of 230 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 124.55 per cent over the same period.
This increase is due mainly to the fact that, on the one hand, the domestic car market began to warm up gradually in the second quarter, and the company ' s intelligent driving, smart cabins and network service products, which have been active for many years in a row, have increased significantly in terms of the income generated by the volume of the products supplied by old and new customers, and on the other hand, the cost of the company ' s profit-making operations has been significantly saved, with the rate of Maori in the second quarter.
23.7% rises by 3.4 pct relative to the quarter, in addition to a further increase in revenues from the listing of the company ' s shareholder ficha 2, cabin electronics, smart web connections, new projects that have led to long-term projects, the company based on a cabin electron, active deployment of smart drivers, network services, etc., and a combination of smart mobility.
In the smart cabin, the company has developed version 3.0 of the smart cabin in the 1/3 environment, multiple screens, the interactive smart cockpit product has been produced in the ideal, Chang An, Chiré, etc., and the big screen shows that the module has obtained a new project order for the mainframe plant, such as the public, the public, Jili, the bus, and the general Mitsubishi.
The volume of production has increased significantly, with the company ' s car-borne information and entertainment system and the driver ' s information display system achieving a score of $1.85 billion and $290 million in the first half of 2020, representing an increase of 1.9 per cent and 163.1 per cent, respectively, respectively, in the case of smart driving, where adas products have been scaled up and sales have increased at a high rate, and complete automated parking systems and passenger parking products have been acquired.
In terms of network services, companies own core technology such as cloud-side online upgrading technology, cybersecurity technology, big data analysis, and application technology, and move by.
The company’s forward-looking layout around the three product lines of smart cockpit, smart driver, and network service has entered the business harvest period, and the steady landing of new project orders has contributed to high corporate performance.
3. Profit forecasts and investment proposals, and the gradual landing of new vehicle-networked products, maintain an “uptake” rating. Car sales have fallen sharply, and smart network operations have not expanded as expected.