The three main product lines of Desessive (0029220.sz) were completely broken, driving up the growth of the negative market.
The company announced its performance in mid-2020, with a net return of 229 million yuan (+124.55 per cent in the same year), of which 174 million yuan (+196.52 per cent in the second quarter) was realized in the second quarter. At the same time, the company projected a return of 100 million yuan in the year 2020, or 23.5 per cent to 174.1 per cent.
With the benefits of the new customers associated with the Smart Wire Network, the landfall of the new projects, and the large-scale supply of the new products, companies have doubled their net return profits against the market. In the context of car intelligence, companies will move towards the new product cycle of the Smart Wire Network, and high growth is expected to continue. We keep the profit projections unchanged, 2020-2022.
In the first half of 2020, new corporate smart cabin products (e.g. multiscreen interactive cockpits, display modules, systems products, etc.) were supplied in a large number of vehicle models of multiple core clients, thus driving the DIF industry.
In the case of smart driving, products such as fully automated parking systems, t-boxes, domain controllers, etc., have also been supplied in successive quantities, with the company ' s 123 level automated driver, ipu03, small pap7 officially delivered in April 2020.
The stock projects acquired in the year, such as car networking platforms, ota, and web-based software systems, are gradually being commercialized, and have now helped to upgrade the Téda brand for the first time for the general public.
Tesla's leading software defines the age of automobiles and speeds up the process of car intelligence. The company's main smart module is going up, and so are the 12.5 and 193 autopilot products, with the value of the domain controller card as the core of the 193 autopilots highlighted. The network products, such as the company's car network, are also starting to start to commercialize.
Under the trend of car intelligence, the three product lines of the company ' s smart cabin, autopilot, and smart network are followed by a new product production landing cycle that drives the company into the development fast track.
Time, Domain Control Card Value Highlights.