Software defines the new era of cars, and the value of the domain controller's card is very much emphasized.
In the light of the big screening of the smart cabin, the trend of more than one car, the company’s traditional cabin business has risen in volume, and new clients have expanded and increased the unit price of their products, which is driven by two wheels. At the same time, the company’s layout in the field of smart driving is starting into the harvest period. Not only does the company have a fully automated parking system, 360 loops, dms, milligram radars,
t-box, v2x product yield capacity, while p7 of the company ' s 103-level autopilot domain controller is already on the market. Consider the non-recurring gains and losses from the company ' s listing on the Tokyo Exchange and the rapid growth of the company ' s autopilot operations.
Tesla led the era of car definition, and the domain controller became the key to autopilot in 1 3. Tesla's subversive innovation of the e/e architecture, software architecture and communications architecture in traditional cars, which led to the decoupling of car hardware and software and the upgrading of car performance and smart suit through the continuous ota upgrade of software.
Services. Tesla, as the leading head of motor and intelligent car, is now in production at the Fsd 3.0 level and is driving the acceleration of the software-defined car age. To achieve software-defined automobiles and autopilots at the level of 193, it has been integrated into chip algorithms, control hardware, software operating systems,
The intermediate, application, and algorithm domain controllers are at the core. Currently, the company’s first instalment, based on British Weida xavier autopilot control product, was officially delivered on a large scale in mid-July.
..the three main product lines are being scaled up, and the high-temperature cascading track is accelerating, and new products in the three main areas of smart pods, smart drivers, and web services have been produced and are expanding their new customers without interruption. The company’s traditional smart pods have succeeded in breaking through a toyota, Hiroshima, and Lexus.
We believe that the company's card is located in the Car Smart Network, and so on.
The high-scene track will accelerate development in the future with successive production volumes of new products.