q2 performance exceeded expectations, and continued to focus on the key points of the announcement: the net profit from the parent ratio of 2020h1 is expected to reach $20 to 230 million, and the net profit from the parent ratio of 20q2 has increased significantly and is more than anticipated.
In this context, the company ' s domestic output by car, in a narrow sense, was +4.9 per cent, partly offset by a significant decline in overseas demand. 2) Since its listing, the company has continued to develop new customers/new products, with significant effects and effective hedges.
3) 2019q2 is the net and non-recurring gain or loss on corporate ownership since 2016, largely due to the one-off gain from the listing of the participating Japanese image recognition company, das ficha (with a 9.76% share).
▪ Technological breakthroughs + new client outreach to support upward performance over the next three years. Technical level: In January 2019, the international certification of aspicecl2 was adopted, marking the international convergence of company software development capabilities in the area of automobiles to international excellence.
The multiscreen smart cabin product has been matched to the car type of the ideal car, the Chang An and the Chiri, and has obtained new project orders for the BUS, the Wall, the Chang An, the Chirre and the Sky. (2) The vehicle displays the product of the screen - the public, the public, the uppercomer, the Gilly, the Hiro.
New project orders for cars such as car cars, cars like General Mitsubishi, etc.) LCD products have acquired new projects for cars like Biadi, Volkswagen, Gilly, Walle, Chirre, etc.
Toyota, Toyota, Lexas, Volkswagen, Chang Anfort, Daf, Volkswagen, Gilly, etc. In 2019, Toyota, Chang Anfort, Rexzas, daf, etc.
A new customer is also awarded a new project order for a car factory like the Volkswagen, the Volkswagen, Toyota, the Gilly Car, the Volkswagen Merchant, and the Volkswagen Performance Step Up. The client structure covers the Euro-American system, the Japanese system, and the Core Autonomy brand.
In April 2020, the German capital was based on the scarcity of the U.S.A.A.C. tracks in the British Weilda xavierl 3 class.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: national production replacement acceleration + one core multiscreen upgrade, and smart-barrel upgrades. When the adas product is released, the car network platform is actively moving forward.
The smart network has a high scenic + card spot scarcity + a high growth in future performance, and Desai is expected to enjoy a higher value premium and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee