Credible securities: Growth in the contribution of high-value assets, industry, corporate disclosure in 2019 and operating income of $21,791 million over the period, a 9 per cent increase over the same period, a fall in mid-term performance, and an increase in the contribution of high-value assets.
During the first half of the year, the company achieved operating income of $21,791 million, an increase of 9 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $6,446 million for the mother, an increase of 15.82 per cent over the same period. The net profit growth was significantly lower than the data for the first quarter, and was associated with a decline in market activity in the second quarter and the impact of the lower index on the return on self-employment.
In the first half of 2019, the company’s own equity operations were dominated by industrial fundamentals and focused on high-quality growth firms.
By the end of the first half of the year, the Portfolio equity group had self-financed assets of over $32 billion, a 23 per cent increase over the same period, with good returns from timely silos. In the first half of the year, the company earned $7.2 billion in self-financed investments, a 45 per cent increase over the same period last year, representing the largest increase in operations.
Blocks. Flexible financial management systems are developed that save capital costs, reduce performance volatility, and effectively control portfolio market risks. The company’s alternative investment operations respond positively to market changes, based on macro-analysis and adjudication, with quantitative transactions at their core, flexible use of financial instruments and derivatives for risk management and multiple markets.
At the end of the reporting period, goldstone invested in 15 private equity investment funds, managing about RMB 40 billion in size. The credit voucher investment covered a wide range of investments in technology and advanced manufacturing, modern services, health care, mergers and acquisitions, etc.
As a company-owned equity investment platform, Sino-Sinse portfolio investment has been actively involved in supporting STI enterprise development. After the launch of the Science-Creative Market, nine of the firms that have invested have declared that they have created an ipo and, in accordance with regulatory requirements, Sin-Sin-Sin securities investment is carried out in the company-initiated venture board ipo.
In the first half of the year 2019, Sino-Kin securities stock claims were on a competitive scale. The company focused on the project, which, as of June 30, 2019, had been declared Project 13, while actively expanding the country’s corporate mix and marketized debt.
In the first half of 2019, the company completed a master ' s underwriting of 36 items, with the principal underwriting amounting to RMB 100 million. In the first half of the year, the company undertook a total of 942 debt bonds of all types, with the principal underwriting amounting to RMB 452,869 million, an increase of RMB 29.4 billion over the same period last year, of which there was a larger increase in financial debt and transhipments/debtables;
The company’s international business is also at the top of the list, with CS-Sin-Leon securities sharing cross-border business opportunities, dedicated to meeting the needs of Chinese firms and investors to “go out” and international firms and investors to “go into China” in the first half of 2019.
In Hong Kong ' s ipo market, ipo projects 8 and the United States market, 1 of the ipo. In Hong Kong ' s ipo market, the Sino-Sino-Lyon voucher remained in the lead, with the third largest amount of financing, with a market share of 23%. In the fixed-income capital market business, the Sino-Sin-Lyon securities completed a total of 39 bond projects, with customers covering mainland China, Hong Kong, the Philippines, and India, with bond owners.
In the first half of the year, the domestic securities market as a whole was more active than during the same period in 2018, and the Chinese securities optimized their customers.
Classification of service systems at the level where client service needs and company service capabilities are developed in depth to match client differentiation needs with precision identification and service matching; investment product systems are enriched to explore new clients' services of super-high net value; and technology such as artificial intelligence, big data are applied in depth to create self-assessing of “product sales, investment advisers, asset allocation” as one.
In the first half of 2019, individual corporate clients accumulated more than 8.5 million households, general corporate clients 36,000, hosting clients with assets of more than $5 trillion, and acting equity funds with transactions of more than $8 trillion.
Profit forecasting and investment rating
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.