The company reviews the non-bank finance industry, which has a strong reputation for its own investments, and the Sino-Sin securities (600030.sh).
Wuping Ping has published its semi-annual report for 2019. 1) Performance has grown steadily, and self-investment has increased its contribution to revenue collection.
In the first half of 2019, the company achieved operating income of $21,791 million, an increase of 9.00 per cent over the same period of the previous year; net profit of $6,446 million for mothers, an increase of 15.82 per cent over the same period of the previous year; basic eps 0.53 over the same period of the previous year
2) Net return on investment has increased by more than three times, and self-employed businesses have performed well, providing information for the preparation of this report, and companies have performed very well in the first half of 2019, despite the loss of derivatives.
The current investment revenue of $7.475 billion represents an increase of 49.23 per cent over the same period the previous year. Of this amount, the company realized a net investment of $1 billion, with losses increasing by $4.035 billion over the same period last year, mainly due to changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments, and a loss of $3.648 billion.
Capital costs, reduced volatility in performance, and effective control of portfolio market risk. (3) Increased market share of the portfolio size, with income increasing less than industry net investment income of $1.804 billion in the first half of 2019, an increase of 3.09 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of 2019, the public sector grew by 0.27 percentage points, the amount of the bond and the only amount of the debt. In the first half of 2019, the company completed a major asset restructuring transaction amounting to $37.5 billion.
67.41 per cent, ranked third in the industry. 4) Brokerage revenue drops and credit activity rebounds. In the first half of 2019, companies achieved net brokering revenue of $3.799 billion, down from the same period the previous year
The company’s client structure is dominated by institutional clients, with weak transactional elasticity. As a result of reduced interest spending, the firm’s net interest income was 1.378 billion yuan, a decrease of 12.49% compared to the previous year’s same period.
5) There has been a decline in revenue from managed operations and an increase in the scale of active management. In the first half of 2019, companies achieved net income from asset management operations of 2,666 million yuan, compared to the scale and level of active management during the same period of the previous year.
6. On July 3, the company completed full ownership of the medium-term futures, and on July 30, the meeting proposed an increase of $1.995 billion for the medium-term futures.
In addition, the company’s proposed shares are limited, the company’s 100% shareholdings, and the acquisition of Guangzhou securities is expected to enhance the company’s competitiveness in Guangdong and South China.
The company’s leadership is strong, its operational advantages are significant, its business balance is growing, and its combined strength is strong. The current boom in capital-market reforms has been sustained, market liquidity has been relatively high, and the market’s role as a promoter has been weak.
In the context of financial supply-side reforms, the medium-level upgrading logic remains the same, the strong remain strong, and the firm, as the head bonder, will benefit significantly from the deepening of capital market reforms and the release of dividends. We look forward to the future development of the company, combining company fundamentals with equity elasticity, and maintain "pull."