The company's evaluation report, the securities industry, is on Friday, August 23, 2019, meeting expectations, and the industry's dominant position is strong.
On August 23, the Chinese Portfolio published its semi-annual report for 2019, during which the company achieved a gross operating income of $21,791 million, an increase of 9.00 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of $6,446 million, an increase of 15.82 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s shareholdings accounted for 20.13 per cent of the market, and the bonds were ranked first in terms of both the amount and the amount of the shares. In the first quarter of the year, the bond line was dominated by bonds, which smoothed the income from the operations.
As the capital market reforms move forward, corporate business start-up boards will be released, and public investment operations will continue to benefit. □ corporate advantage will reduce the cyclical impact of brokering.
The revenue from the Division’s brokering business was largely at the same level as in the previous year, mainly because of the advantages of the company’s brokerage business at the institutional level, the higher number of institutional clients, the stability of corporate agency commissions, and the less cyclical impact. At the same time, good core client groups were expected to create synergies in other lines of business, further contributing to the company’s role.
Contribution performance. The share of corporate brokerage in total revenue has gradually declined, reducing the income of bond dealers □ and increasing the level of self-employment. The higher share of corporate self-employment revenue and the approval of financial debt for portfolio investment during the reporting period are expected to further increase the share of self-employment investment in line with the growing self-employment of companies.
It is hoped that this will lead to further growth in self-employment income. Investment proposals: as industry leaders, firms perform significantly higher than industry averages.
Guangzhou securities are conducive to improving corporate business layouts and creating conditions to accelerate growth in a pro-cyclical manner. The company’s macroeconomic growth is currently not as fast as expected: stock markets are depressed: significant changes in regulatory policy.
Within six months of the report ' s release, the firm/industry growth and decline was compared to the previous index/subsidiary increase and decline over the same period. No change will occur. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending the securities in the report.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek investment banking or other services for these companies.