The main business is: securities brokerage; portfolio investment consultancy; and securities.
Financial consultant in relation to transactions, portfolio investment activities; medium-term report for 2019 on the disclosure of securities in the medium-term report on the realization of operating income of companies during the reporting period; underwriting and insurance; self-employment of securities; and asset management of securities;
The securities in SCM remain or gain a leading position in a number of business areas.
The center of the economy, further refining the financing arrangements, wealth managers, trading services and liquidity providers, market important investors and risk managers, five major players, no.
Reshaping and consolidating core competitiveness. The company relies on the first class of securities with cyclical characteristics, subject to interest-type market developments during the reporting period.
Catalysing the continuation of good performance in fixed-income markets, and a combination of firm-based business models, such as a strong medium-term performance of Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sinos.
The largest contributor to net profit gains is the investment returns & fair value changes that are not clearly split, but invested in goldstones (which are private equity investments but use their own)
The medium-term performance of both the capital and the investment is evident, with the net profit of $875 million being realized without an explicit increase in total assets, an increase of 329 per cent over the same period. The investment portfolio remains the firm’s preferred business, and the sub-sectors continue to lead the industry.
At the end of the reporting period, the company had declared the Project 13. The ipo market at the beginning of the year was characterized by two salient features:
1. The excess rate is significantly higher than during the same period of 18 years; 2. The average size of the project is lower than in the same year. In this pattern, the bargaining power of the head office has been demonstrated by the fact that the rapid decline in the premium rate has been effectively curbed during the intense price wars.
Figure 1: Number of market ipo examiners and rate of over-meeting (units: 1); Figure 1: Average collection of household income (unit: billion yuan); Decline in income from securities brokering in Lyon; Decline in income from managed operations, resulting from proactive management and under the influence of the new regulations
The bulk of the proceeds of the corridor business contract, the decline in revenue from credit operations, which resulted from the company’s initiative to lower the size of equity pledges and lower operating rates, and the significant decline in profits of 62.74 per cent in international operations due to the environmental impact of operations in areas such as Hong Kong and North America, the most alpha coupons in the industry. After the purchase of Guangzhou securities in the course of the year, resources will be developed in Hong Kong and South-East Asia in cooperation with the Viet Nam Group.
With the “Mathell effect” of the current securities industry, resources and policy dividends will continue to be concentrated in high-rated front-runners, which are estimated to be high-quality coupons.
The center of values is expected to move up gradually, and performance and valuation are expected to show a spiral upward trend. At present, companies are only 1.7 x 19pb, located in the center of historical valuations, and downside risks to the domestic economy: risks of increased trade disputes between the US and China: risks of declining capital market conditions: risks of tight financial regulation: risks of less liquidity than expected: risks of less than expected performance.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Sino-Sin securities (60030): Self-employed investments performed well, contributing to robust growth in medium-term performance. B.A. Wuhan University, Master's degree from Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, four years of non-bank finance research experience, two years of banking experience.
Team member: In 2015, the ninth crystal ball non-golden finance industry was ranked first, and in 2016, the tenth crystal ball non-golden finance industry was the second member of the team. The analyst’s own research view. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.