July 15th, 2019.
Quick Performance Review: Billionaire leader, strong growth in the first half of the year. Sino-Sin securities are expected to raise $21.9 billion in the first half of 2019, with 9.3 per cent increase in yoy and net gain $6.4 billion, yoy 15.8 per cent increase in yoy, with robust overall growth.
In general, we believe that, in the context of increased direct financing at the regulatory level, the credit securities should benefit from the credit securities. In terms of valuation, the current valuation is relatively reasonable and, in sum, the value of the debt will increase.
The first half of the year was a review of the market, where the equity market as a whole rebounded in 2019.
This activity has led to an increase in the volume of transactions, which we calculated were 58.7 billion dollars per day for the entire year of 1h2019, up 34% for yoy. However, by the end of 1h2019, the balance of financing coupons was 91.8 billion, down from the same period last year, and the overall balance of financing coupons was less than in the first half of the year.
In addition, according to the East Bank statistics, in 2019 the equity market ipo was financed at $60.2 billion, and the regulatory level increased its support for non-banking liquidity: the events at the subcontractor bank increased the division of market credit and non-banking financial institutions were affected.
Smaller, and increased liquidity support to non-monetary financial institutions at that time at the regulatory level, such as raising the short-term bond balance ceiling of a voucher splitr (which is also included in the SCM, which was raised to 46.9 billion at this time, compared to the previous 15 billion) and further increasing the flexibility of the end of the liability.
To reduce the holding of a CIP and increase the return on investment: According to the CICA announcement, the CPS is to reduce all the CPS holdings by a maximum of 5.58%. The CSS accounts for the CBSI investments in the BIF as long-term equity investments measured by the equity method, and the cost is estimated by annual reporting data.
At $6.28 per unit, if disposed of, there would be more than 5 billion in investment returns (profit forecasts and investment proposals in CKK: considering that the return on investment from holding CSIPs may be in part at a more reasonable level. SCI securities, as the leader of the stock exchange, are expected to continue to benefit from Chinese capital.
Market-building, with a view to acquiring Guangzhou securities, is expected to make further efforts, and we continue to give the “purchase of expected remuneration” (expected return; er), as follows:
This report was prepared by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by ... individual clients. The report could not be copied or re-issued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to compile the report was reliable, but the report was not independently validated.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy and integrity of the report, or any written assurance, or any responsibility or obligation to do so. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action on the basis of information or research prior to receiving the report. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will be changed without prior notice. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may or will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report (i) @ agrees or stands, or buys, sells or offers the certificate described in the report.
15 July 2019