In the case of the Grand Bay region, where the company acquired the Guangzhou securities layout, which was reported in mid-2019, it achieved business income of $21,797 million, compared to the overall stability of the main battalion, a significant increase in portfolio investment performance and a slight decline in management performance.
The investment business has gained momentum: Goldstone has lost its profits, and the performance of Chinese securities has increased significantly. Total equity/flow (millions of shares) as at 30 June 2019, Goldstone had invested in the first half of the year and earned RMB 12.15.
Gross market value/flow (million yuan) Portfolio investment earned RMB 562 million in the first half of the year, an increase of RMB 92.02 per cent in the same year and RMB 390 million in the net profit, an increase of RMB 91.35 per cent in the same year.
The company plans to purchase 100% of the shares of the Guangzhou Stock Exchange, located in the Great Bay area of Hong Kong. The company will buy 100% of the shares of the Guangzhou Stock Exchange and the Golden Eagle Fund from the Topsung Gold Control and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
The trade price includes the value of 99.03% of Guangzhou’s futures and 24.01% of the equity of the Golden Eagle Fund to be removed from Guangzhou. The company has now received a certificate of feedback from the SEC.
In the case of the 15 trading days starting on 25 June, a centralized competitive bid has been made to reduce the 427 million shares held by China-China in all of the a-share shares held.
(a) The smooth performance of the main business, with a significant increase in the performance of the portfolio investment, which resulted in an operating income of $21,797 million, representing an increase of 9.00 per cent over the same period; a net return to the mother of $6,446 million, representing an increase of 15.82 per cent over the same period;
In the first half of the year, in the first half of 2019, the company completed a master ' s underwriting of 36 items, the principal underwriting of which amounted to RMB 122,869 million (including targeted increases in asset classes), with a market share of 20.13%, ranked first in the market.
The Department ' s private fund-raising and asset management operations (excluding social security funds, basic old-age pensions, corporate annuities, occupational annuities, large-scale products, foster care)
The company has saved capital costs, reduced performance fluctuations, and effectively controlled portfolio market risks. Current operations or strategies include: stock-based cash arbitrage, stock emptiness, macro hedges, etc.
In the first half of the year, Sino-Lion securities completed the Hong Kong market ipo project 8 and the United States market ipo project 1. In Hong Kong ' s ipo market, Sino-Lion securities remained at the forefront, with third place in financing.
In the case of fixed-income capital market operations, CSCM completed a total of 39 bond items, with clients covering mainland China, Hong Kong, the Philippines and India, with bond owners ranked fifth in the ranking of bond holders and 1% of the market share. In the case of M&As, CSCM acted as a financial consultant for five international M&A transactions, involving $2.2 billion in transactions, with greater scope for future upgrades.
In the first half of 2019, the goldstone investment was about 1.4 billion yuan yuan, covering areas such as medical equipment, advanced manufacturing, new energy sources, and new materials. As of 30 June 2019, the goldstone investment was in 15 private equity investment funds and managed on an approximate scale.
Since the establishment in 2014 of the first-class Reits Fund in China, the Trust Stone Fund, a subsidiary of the Golden Stone Investment Circle, has accumulated approximately 24,950 million yuan in reits funds, the largest private fund manager in the country’s class of reits funds. As of 30 June 2019, the Sino-Kinse Stone Fund and its subsidiary stock funds were managed.
As of 30 June 2019, the total assets invested in goldstone were 23,383,364,000 yuan, compared to 1,15 million yuan a year, with a net profit of 875.3 million yuan, reversing the loss in the second half of 2018. Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sinoe investment platform, which is a company-owned equity investment platform, has been actively involved in supporting the development of innovative and technological enterprises.
After the launch of the creation market, nine enterprises that had invested had declared themselves as ipo and, in accordance with regulatory requirements, Sino-Sin securities investments had been strategically invested in the company’s proposed venture board ipo. The total assets of Sino-Sin securities investment were RMB 1,704.11 million, representing a decrease of RMB 92.02 per cent from the start of the year and RMB 39,041,000 from the net profit, an increase of 91.35 per cent from the previous year.
On December 24, 2018, the Sino-Kin securities announced that the company intended to acquire 100% of the Sino-Kin securities. On January 9, 2019, the Sino-Kin securities again announced that the company intended to issue limited shares in gold control (000987.sz) and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
Buy 100% of Guangzhou securities after shedding shares in Guangzhou Futures and the Golden Eagle Fund. Of these, 32.765% of the Guangzhou securities held in Viet Nam are purchased in stock distribution control and 67.235% of the Guangzhou securities held in limited distribution in gold control.
At present, the Sino-Sin securities have received a feedback notice from the CVM’s administrative clearance project. The purchase of the Sino-Sin securities was a re-arrangement of the South China region in the context of the construction of the Bay of Australasia in Hong Kong.
By the end of 2018, there will be 32 Guangzhou securities in Guangdong Province, and if the deal succeeds, there will be an increase in the number of such securities in Guangdong to 58.
Investment opportunities; the supply of bad assets, the market for the disposal of bad assets, and investment opportunities for special opportunity projects in Hong Kong will provide a wider market space for the poor asset management industry. The growth of the Guangdong regional branch will directly boost Sino-Sin securities’ client coverage in Hong Kong and the South China region as a whole, thereby enhancing the company’s competitiveness and influence in South China.
Guangzhou Securities, as plaintiff/executor, is involved in major litigations, such as the Shanghai Xin International Group Limited bond default case, the Sino-Sinton Group Bond default case, and the Morton Avenue stock pledge-back transaction enforcement case, involving approximately $1,232 million. At present, the Guangzhou Securities dispute with Shanghai Xin and Sino-Sin-An is pending, with the Modun Avenue enforcement case.
Ten thousand yuan: three cases involving 135 million yuan as defendants.iv. Planning to clear the warehouse, or more than 10 billion dollars in revenue. On 25 June 2019, China Xinjin announced that the Sino-Sin securities scheme would disclose itself on the basis of market prices.
On the first half of the month following the announcement, on 13 June, the announcement was issued by the China-China investment announcement that all shares in the Sino-Chinese securities were released on 20 June 2019.
With the introduction of the “one-size-fits-all” rule, the Sino-Kin securities have lost their hold on Sino-Kinji investment and become part of the company. At present, the first shareholder in the Sino-Kinji investment is the Beijing State Capital Management Centre, which holds 35.11% of the shares. The Sino-Kin-Kin-Kin investments currently have a high valuation, with stocks rising by 135.99% in the last year, far above the median value of the multi-financial sector (40.21%).
Investment advice: Firm bonds have a stable vanguard position, and business development has been smooth. If you succeed in buying Guangzhou securities, the company will have a regional advantage in the Great Bay region and will gain good prospects for development in line with the Great Bay policy.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.