# Export orientation # consumer uplift # performance is over-expected #
Events: Companies issued a semi-annual performance advance announcement in 2023 q2 season with record high performance and continued increase in profitability: companies initially measured 2023 in the first half of the year, with a return to positive growth for the first time in almost six quarters of net return profits.
The overall economic environment in emerging market countries has improved slightly, companies have continued to exploit emerging markets and boost product upgrading, and overall output has increased (22.7 million cell phones, according to Canalys, for 23q2 soundings, 22 per cent more than in the previous year, up from the top five in the world), while the product structure has continued to rise.
(a) Africa: Africa: Africa's mobile market fundamentals are solid, penetration rates and the asp are double drivers of corporate business development; 2)
South Asia: India ' s 5g replacement 4g trend is clear, the epidemic retreats to Bangladesh ' s recovery in foreign trade, and mobile market growth factors are clear; 3) Latin America: lg exits from the Brazilian market, the Ministry of Audio Substitutes shares in top five mobile phone manufacturers; 4) Middle East: inflationary pressures and supply issues slowed down
Solving the reversal of the company’s share of the node; 5) Russia: South Korea’s external environmental impact, US handcraft branding, and China’s manufacturing industry fills the gap. Through diversified strategic layouts and localized transport strategies, mobile phone operations are expected to grow dynamically through upscaling.
Audio Holdings (688036): Mobile operations "ai+" enabling smart terminals, sound ecology ushering in new opportunities: 1) Mobile interconnection operations: os systems stable growth, new business opening up growth opportunities
In the meantime, the third party's app mau has increased significantly, and some of the apps have started to materialize; the i Assistant's terminal entrance has been re-centralized and the new product has become chhatgpt text. Interacting is expected to lead to an increase in revenue in the future; and 2) expansionary operations: re-engineer mobile phone strategies have been adopted.
(c) Innovation in the field of intelligence: Sounding, Audio Holdings (688036): New Markets, New Digitals Landing, Smart Voice Assistant Opens Local Ai Content Service Ecology, New and Old Business Manager
Business starts well, performance continues to grow, and innovation continues, enabling a new integration of the ai+ company products. In the future, third-party apps are expected to be rapidly realized, with the "ai+" enabling smart terminals, soft knots, in the face of a significant growth in the os system.
Together with the construction of a sounding ecology, there is a vast scope for profit growth.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we have improved profit predictions for 23-25 years, based on factors such as the company’s over-expected output of mobile phones in the second quarter, and the continued upgrading of the product structure leading to increased profitability.
Three major financial forecasts of sound-held shares: Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.