Mid 2023: Smart Business Rapid Release, 29/08/2023 Keyword: #Performance with Expected # Cost Decline#New Products, New Technologies, New Clients
q2 seasons record highs and profits continue to rise: in the first half of 2023, companies achieved $230.02 billion in business performance. 23q2 seasons recorded a record high of net profits, and the net return to the mother ' s profits recovered at the same rate for the first time in nearly six quarters, largely because of emerging economies.
The overall economic environment in market countries has improved slightly, companies have continued to develop emerging markets and promote product upgrading, and overall output has increased (22.7 million cellular phones, 22 per cent more than in the previous year, up from the top five) while companies are committed to product structure.
Continued upgradation and cost optimization have led to increased profitability. • Continued expansion of emerging markets, with a steady increase in global mobile market coverage: 1) Africa: by 2023
Half-yearly smart market over 40 per cent, penetration with asp dual-drive company operations; 2) South-East Asia: India ' s 5g replacement 4g trend is clear; mobile phone markets are growing rapidly after Bangladesh ' s foreign trade recovery; 3) Latin America: lg exits from the Brazilian market, audio replacements
In the Middle East: inflationary pressures and supply problems have been eased, the share of the public sector has reversed nodes have surfaced; in Russia: due to external environmental impacts, the number of Korean and US mobile phones has declined, and Chinese manufacturers have filled the gap.
13.9%, third place. The diversity strategy and localization strategy bring the mobile phone business "System Controls" (688036): the second quarter has a similar increase in performance, and the diversity of layouts has a long way to go.
"ai+" enabling smart terminals, sound ecology ushering in new opportunities: 1) mobile interconnections: appsflyer shows that mobile interconnections show the second highest global growth. os system market space is wide; third party app mau has increased significantly; i assistant final entrance re-centres, new product
(c) Innovations in the field of intelligence: audio-digital people on the ground, intelligence.
Stable growth, with new business opening up growth spaces, voice helper opening up local ai content service ecos, and enabling "ai+ company products" to merge. In the future, third-party apps are expected to become rapidly available in the context of a surge in os systems, while "ai+"
Affordable smart terminals, soft and hard combinations of sounding ecology, provide a wide range of opportunities for profitable growth.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we value the rapid growth of company mobile business and the continued upgrading of product structures, leading to increased profitability, sustained profit forecasting, and expected net return on 23-25 years.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.