2023q2 performance loops increased, product upgrades increased + diversified layout growth — audio holding (688036.sh) incident review report
Iuzy@cfsc.com.cn 2023q2 performance loop rebounded, and profit ends improved significantly.
The overall economic environment in market countries has improved slightly, with companies continuing to open up emerging markets and growing by 69.90 per cent, leading to a positive increase in overall performance in the first half of the year, yielding 25,029 million yuan, an increase of 8.31 per cent over the same period.
There are significant advantages from overseas channels, and product markets are increasing. Companies have gradually developed and improved a network of well-connected, permeable and stable marketing channels.
More than 2,000 distributor clients with extensive marketing experience in market countries have established (sounding holdings (688036): q2 performance close collaboration to cover Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East and Latin America
Accelerating growth, market opening + product upgrading effectiveness Sales networks in major global emerging markets, such as the United States. Notable for Key Markets and Priorities 2023-07-27
Vendor customers, companies adhere to a downside strategy that leads to product competitiveness and markets2 and Sound Holdings (688036): New markets opened with remarkable success, hardware plus aigc built new spaces.
The Division is ranked third in the global mobile market by 13.9 per cent. In the smart machine 2023-05-09 market, companies account for 7.6 per cent of the global market, and sixth in Africa.
3 Audio Holdings (688036): New market over 40%, ranked first; in South Asia, cities in Pakistan and Bangladesh have continued to grow and stock levels have improved appreciably
First, India sixth. 2022-10-26 Pushing the product structure up and implementing the strategy of diversification on a continuous basis
The company adapts to changing market demand, actively layouts high-end products, upgrades the product structure. The first six months of the year saw the launch of the first-line smartphone tecnophantomvfold, a series of tecnocamons with Sensor-Shift tremors and rgbw technologies.
The 20pro series, the infinixnote 30 series with all-roundfastcharge full-time smartness technology, the high-performance flagship infinixgt10pro built for young tidal players.
At the same time, the business model of mobile Internet services + home appliances, digital accessories is in the early stages of development. Companies and many of the country’s leading networking companies, such as Internet access, telecommunications, music, integrated content distribution, news syndication, etc.
Strategic cooperation in the field of sea travel; applications such as application shops, advertising distribution platforms, big data service platforms and mobile phone housekeepers have been developed around sounding os, building os intelligence using ai scene recognition technology, equipment connectivity protocols, etc.
Strengths, as well as diversified strategic layouts, maintain a “buy-in” rating. Risks of exchange-rate fluctuations, risk of weak consumer demand, risk of technology overlap, management risks associated with overseas expansion, etc.
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Kyotan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Seok, with four years of experience. 2023 reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor would I be taken into account in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.