q2 performance accelerates growth, market openings plus product upgrades have shown remarkable results.
In addition, it benefited from sales 1, Sound Holdings (688036): growth in the size of the new market, product structural upgrading and cost optimization, and corporate Maori in the second quarter of the year.
It's very effective, hardware +aigc is creating new spaces, new markets are very effective, global markets have a high rate of delivery, sustained growth, and stock levels have improved.
In 2023, the company ' s performance was positive at the same rate as in 2023, mainly due to the company ' s continued expansion of new markets and the upgrading of its products, which resulted in an overall increase in the volume of goods delivered.
Long 2022-08-25 Smart terminal products and mobile interconnection services, with distribution networks covering more than 70 countries and territories in Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East and Latin America, emerging globally
One of the central forces of the market cellular industry. In May 2023, the sounding of the sum of RMB 1 billion will greatly improve the original capacity and achieve the digital surface, localize production, and increase the speed and softness of the sound to local market demand.
According to idc data, sound smart machines ranked sixth in the global market in 2022, and first in Africa, Pakistan, Bangladesh, where they accounted for more than 40% of the output.
Pakistan's market share reached 37.9 per cent, Bangladesh's market occupancy rate Sustained diversification strategy layout, emphasis on research and development for technology protection Continued diversification strategy layout of audio holdings, “Mobular phones + mobile Internet services”
In 2022, the company's mobile interconnections and extension operations in overseas areas were expanded.
In addition, based on the development philosophy of “globalization thinking, home-grown innovation” and driven by the needs of local users, companies plan and develop their products. Over the years, they have acquired a strong capacity for applied technological innovation in emerging markets.
Introduction of new materials, new processes, and new technologies. At the same time, companies set up autonomous R & D centres in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Chongqing, respectively, to enhance competition for differentiated products, and to expand the competitive advantage of local science, technology and innovation in emerging markets.
In the areas of SMART, deep-skinned photo algorithms, cloud systems, smart data engines, and so on, a great deal of innovative research has been carried out that is consistent with local user usage practices.
Considering the company's new market openings and the upgrading of the product structure, we're going up the company's brand advantage and innovation competitiveness in emerging markets, and we're looking at the electronics group.
Mao Jianxin: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of work experience in American semiconductor companies, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in Ko Yonghau, 2018-2020: Doctor of Physics, University of Gangdan, successively in China Tech Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate
Luzhoyang, a Master's degree at the National University of Australia, has been in Fangzheng Seok, with four years of experience.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.