The microchip production, in conjunction with the modular encapsulation, reflects the scale effect of the company's research and firm's rapid evaluation.
To further enhance the company's combined competitive advantage in the area of special encapsulation process products and to meet growing market demand, the company intends to invest in the construction of the “Model Packing Project for Automotive Power Classed Modules with 7.2 million Annual Productions” through the holding of shares of the Company's semiconductor Limited. The total investment in this project is the National Letter Electronic Perspective: 1) the company has built its first 12-inch unique process line in the country, with a pre-emerging advantage; on this basis, 12 English.
The inch capacity will increase from nearly 40,000 currently/month to 90,000 in 25 years. This module containment expansion project will match the company’s chip manufacturing capacity and provide assurance that product size advantages will be realized over time. 2) The company’s car code igbt module has been delivered in bulk over 21 years, with products approved by customers such as stunner, diamond power, Biadey, Hitchuan, and the accelerated penetration of new energy vehicles.
The long-term scale advantage of upgrading capacity and the pre-positioning advantage of products to car customers, which maintains Slanwa’s “buy-in” rating. The size advantage, in conjunction with the modular encapsulation, is gradually reflected in the construction of the inch-specific semiconductor chip line, which has released 45,000 pieces of capacity by the end of March of 22nd year.
The Division, through a Board of Directors resolution, announced its intention to build a “360,000 12 inches of chip production line per year” project through its subsidiary Slanders; the expansion would result in a build-up of 60.000 inches of 12 inches per month of production capacity, with the company’s total output of 90,000 in 25 years of 12 inches per month. 12 inches of equipment would be easier to buy and cost-effective than 8 inches of production, while the number of single sliced chips would be doubled and the forward cost would be reduced.
In addition, as the 12-inch line is built over a period of two years, the post-partum process has to move from low-end to high-end products. The company has a clear advantage over many of the Idm manufacturers that have opened up production in the absence of goods.
Power (ipm) 100 million units, annual industrial and motor power (pim) 800,000 units, annual production power devices of 1 billion units, annual production mems sensors of 200 million units, annual optical appliances of 40 million units. However, under the current company chip manufacturing end-of-life extension scheme, the current encapsulation capacity does not yet fully match the expansion of chip production, which is a short demonstration of accelerated penetration of high-value products, such as automobile-level modules, and the strength of production lines.
Assuming the full release of this 7.2 million vehicle-grade power module capacity, which corresponds to about 30% of the 12-inch chip capacity, matches the company’s 12-inch production line, which focuses on the positioning of the scalding product. As new energy vehicle needs continue to rise, it is right for the customer to expand.
In addition, the company will provide car igbt single-barrel products to the supplier of the igbt single-pipe power drive control program, Inbor. If the company’s market for new energy cars continues to grow at a high rate, the company’s customers will perform well. According to the Sino-Association data, the number of new energy cars sold in May was 447,000 (mm+49.5%).
(Yoy+106%), of which 1,149 million (mom+84.4%, yoy+14.8%) were sold by Biadi and 10.1 million (mom+215%, yoy+11%). According to data from the Ne Institute, in January-April 22, the new energy sources in our country were Ferdi power (bia di dominated by 25.45%), Segawa technology (9.43%), Inbor (5.67%), Zero Technology (1.93%),
In the context of industry’s double growth with customers, the company’s vehicle-grade power plant is likely to grow in the future. The investment proposal is that: the ability to encapsulate will be combined with the ability to manufacture chips, and the company’s advantage in size will gradually be demonstrated by maintaining the “buy-in” rating, considering that the company’s encapsulation will be upgraded in tandem with the chip’s manufacturing capacity, and that the power-end advantage will gradually be realized; and that the new energy automobile product will expand well and will enter production.
The authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and that, by reasoning its judgement and drawing conclusions, it seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the author has failed to conduct his study in the past, now or in the future.