Slanwa (600460): q1 performance forecast meets expectations, point power industry/car/photovoltaic area Slanwa issued performance forecast for the first quarter of 2022: q1 is expected to return in 2022
q1 performance forecast meets expectations, with a high capacity utilization rate maintained in q1 production lines in 2022 and products sustained in high-threshold markets such as automobiles, communications, new energy sources, industry, white power
The recovery of products such as ipm, pim, power management chips, mems sensors, mosfet, sbd, tvs, switch tubes, etc. has increased considerably, while the product structure has been optimized and operating profits have continued to grow faster.
Industry/PV area: Corporate Ipm module is widely used in industry, home power, etc., and now the company has introduced 2-generation Ipm module with higher accuracy, lower wear and tear and higher reliability than the 1-generation Ipm module, and the future Ipm module harvest is expected to continue
It continues to grow rapidly, while the company ' s electro-control mcu continues to be widely used in a wide range of fields, such as industrial frequency transformers, industry ups, photovoltaic reverses, textile machinery subservient products, various types of mutated fan applications, and electric bicycles.
Modules have been tested and delivered in bulk to a number of customers in the country. Formerly, the company is accelerating the construction of vehicle-level and industrial-grade power modules, which are not expected to be available.
The pick-up of the pim module will grow rapidly.
For chip surrogates, the company's 5/6/8 inch line was largely full in 2021, of which 5 or 6 inch produced a total output of 2.554 million.
By the end of 2022, the production capacity of 60,000 metres per month was achieved, and the rules of the car, igbt, moss, are already at 12 inches. In addition, the 6 inch sic power of Slanmingang.
The device line is expected to be connected in q3 in 2022. With regard to expanses, Chengdusland has developed an annual production capacity of 700,000 silicon extensions (covering 5, 6, 8 and 12 inches of total size).
In the case of modular packaging, Chengdu has formed 100 million annual production-intelligent power modules (ipm), 800,000 annual industrial and vehicle-grade power modules (pim), 1 billion annual power units, 200 million annual mems sensors, annual optical appliances.
There are 40 million containment capabilities. Industry downside risks, output uphills are not as fast as expected, industries compete to exacerbate risks, overseas policy changes, etc.
• Electronics Group Presentation: Mao Jianxian University Masters in Materials, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global lead semiconductor advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity securities investment, and employment in the country from 2018 to 2020
Liu Xing: Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design at Nanyang University of Technology, Singapore, formerly set up in the Chinese Science and Technology Academy of the Ministry of Science and Technology of the Republic of Hong Kong, Chi Ying Yi: Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Engineering, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, a combination of electronics and finance, reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.