On April 29, Shilanwa published a report for the first quarter of 2022, raising the company ' s revenues by 2,001 million yuan, a 35.65 per cent increase, a net gain of 268 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 54,544 per cent; a net gain of $260 million was deducted, an increase of the same amount.
q1 has a high level of innovation and a consistently optimized product structure. q1 companies have achieved revenues of 20.01 billion yuan, an increase of 35.65 per cent in the same year, an increase of 1.47 per cent in the ring; the Māori rate of 31.43 per cent, an increase of 2.10 pct, a decline of 2.68 pct in the same year; and the high rate of growth in the product structure, ips, pim, power management, mems sensors, etc.
The advantage of Idm is highlighted by the fact that the company’s 12-inch line of production is losing a narrow margin. At 1200 hours at the end of the year, the company produced over 36,000 pieces per month, and we expect to produce 60,000 pieces per month by the end of the 22nd year, making progress in the country’s Idm company.
Lead. And as production capacity continues to grow, the company is expected to take advantage of downstream automobiles, light markets, and keep rising by billions of yuan, with the ring growing by 5.98 per cent, net profits by 21.71 million dollars, and further losses. This reflects the continued upswing of the company’s productive capacity, and its increasing profitability as the product structure shifts.
The company announced, by a resolution of its seventh board, at its thirty-fourth meeting, that it would invest $3.9 billion in the construction of the 360,000 annual chips 12 inches of chip production line project, which would last three years.
Ranco's continuous climb of 60,000 units per month, with a total capacity of 90,000 units per month for 12 inches. This will consolidate the corporate sidm's advantage and provide a productive base for companies to grow in the long term.
Upgraded to 8 inches and 12 inches, the structure of the company’s products is constantly improving. By the power of the product, it has been reported in the year 2021 by 1. Slanwa (60460.sh): the first two or three poles have taken on a large share and have gradually evolved into mos, igbt, and so on.
The product continues to be upgraded, there is a lot of downstream flowering, and the 22-year-old mos shielding and closing structures continue to be optimized. As far as downstream markets are concerned, companies used to show their confidence with power and hands.
Consumer e-markets such as machines account for a high proportion, and as the demand for automobiles, photovoltaics and so on rises, they are also approaching the national production of 2.
Review: Grand Fund Replenishment, 12 inches. Main power drive module, tested by a number of clients in the country and delivered in bulk in some cases, and company 3. Slanwa (600460.0sh) performance forecast: performance performance
The construction of motor and industrial power module capacity is being accelerated, and it is expected that the share of industrial, automobile, light, etc. will continue to rise in future corporate collections.
\triangleright High-end upgrade progress, operational advances such as gbt, mems and third-generation semiconductors progress steadily, and growth potential is much greater than that of the big idm entering a golden-growth period
It is to be expected that the “recommended” rating will be maintained. \triangleright's methodological and analytical logic will lead to conclusions, an independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.