Construction of a vehicle-grade power module containment project to enhance the supply capacity of car-size blocks, and construction of a vehicle-grade power module containment project by Slanwa (60046.sh) • The capacity of the vehicle-level containment is expected to increase significantly to maintain the company
The company issued a public announcement to build a “module envelope project” with 7.2 million car-grade power units per year through a controlled subsidiary in Duskland. The project was invested in $3 billion, with a three-year construction cycle. As new energy cars seepage increases, the demand for semiconductor products continues to grow rapidly.
The research and development of the power chip and the construction of crystal-crystal capacity have already yielded fruitful results. The vehicle-grade module encapsulation project to be built by the company this time will complement the company's growing car-power crystal-crypting capacity, and it is expected that the capacity of the company's car-competence module will be significantly enhanced to provide sufficient production for the company to increase the market share of the vehicle power module.
We maintain a profit forecast, and the company's net profit from 2022-2024 is expected to be 12 inches in Xiamen + Hang State, and the power of the idm is being consolidated, and the Xiamensran cumco 12-inch extension project is continuing and is expected to be 60,000 by the end of 2022.
Monthly capacity, compared to the 40,000 units built at the end of 2021, and the 20,000 units expanded in 2022 to be used in the production of igbt-type products, is expected to increase significantly in the value of Srancco monolithic crystal circle, with cars and photovoltaic igbt and ipm products expected to grow. In April 2022, the company released the product.
The Board of Directors decided to announce that the company intends to invest in the construction of the "360,000 chip 12-inch chip production line project per year" in Hangzhou through the holding company Slan Quantium. The total investment in the project was $3.9 billion, with a three-year project construction cycle. The Department's planning for the new 12-inch line will further enhance the company's productive space and consolidate the company's home-grown idm leader.
Status, which is expected to provide stronger support for the company’s product upgrades and the expansion of the product platform. Corporate Information Update Report 2022q1 performance forecast meets expectations, with high year-round growth in kinetic energy
Growth. High-end output expansion supports high-quality development.