We think that companies are one of the few large pharmaceutical companies that can create a closed medicine ring.
The company intends to purchase 30% of the stock held in Guangzhou medicine from the United States of America in cash, amounting to $1,094 million, or 14 times more than in 2017; the share of the company will increase to 80% when the deal is completed.
In 2016, the drug received 33 billion yuan, the fifth largest distributor in the country, with a long-term low net interest rate, a new business model, an extended drug flow service with multiple level-III hospitals, level-II hospitals, primary health-care institutions, and large businesses.
The company ' s performance has grown rapidly, and the profit margin has gradually increased. In the first three quarters of 2017, the company ' s income reached $16 billion (+2.7 per cent of the year) and its net profit reached $1.49 billion (+40.6 per cent of the year).
Gingo has maintained a high growth trend of 40%, with an income of more than 1 billion in the long run. The company has a large number of pharmaceutical symbols, mainly low-cost generics, and the number of currently registered species in the Consistency Evaluation is ranked ahead of the country, and will benefit significantly from higher concentration in the industry and better prices in the future.
In 2017, there will be plenty of money, and the Guangdong State capital company will receive multiple resources. The company will be the Guangdong State capital company, and the increase will be made up of State capital and social capital.
There is a reason to judge that companies can mobilize government and social resources in the future, and that M & As are expected to accelerate: at the same time, they are set to generate sufficient capital for the company (with $12.6 billion on the books) and provide financial guarantees for various large and medium-sized acquisitions.
Reform of state enterprises has fallen short of expectations; raw materials have been raised.
Tang Chow Woo, Zhang Waia, Go wise Ting.
White Cloud Mountain.