Wang Wei-chul grew 37% in 2017 compared to the year, with better performance than expected.
The health sector and the large business sector each achieved revenues of $7.80 billion, $8.57 billion, and $4.32 billion, respectively, and the recession, which caused the company to grow by only 4.6 per cent as a whole, but, thanks to the optimization of its income structure, the combined Māori ratio increased by 4.6 percentage points to 37.7 per cent over the same period, contributing to a rapid increase in net profits.
The growth of the South Pharmacist has been restored: against the backdrop of stronger corporate channels and branding, the Great South Pharmacology has recovered significantly, with a 12-.9 per cent increase in revenue over the same period.
Over 40% increase, with revenues from sales of middle-aged kidney-carbing pills and congenial limousine pills increasing by about 50% on a year-on-year basis. Driven by a rapid increase in the sale of priority varieties, the Māori rate for the company’s Grand Nan drug plate was 1.8 to 45.4% higher than that of Piti.
The company’s Nan Pharmacy will continue to grow. Healthy plates are growing steadily, and the Maori rate is rising: the healthy plates are slowly competing in Wang Changjing and the canals will continue to grow.
With the fine construction of Doo, the recovery from zero growth in 2016 to 10.4 per cent in 2017, and a 4.5 to 45.3 per cent increase in the Māori rate in the same year, we believe that with the firm's active drive to fine-tune the development of channels and the upgrading of Wang Jing's products, the health of the big plate will continue to grow robustly.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.