Wenfoodstuffgroup (300498ch) Performance rating: pig production is steady and farm costs are still in the best position.
The point of view is investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forengrishsummary) billions of dollars, with a win-win margin (a loss of $13.4 billion over the same period last year); and 1q23 to achieve camp.
19.9 billion yuan, a 36.9 per cent increase in the same year, was attributable to the mother ' s net profit loss of 2.75 billion yuan. In 2022, pig production was achieved, and in 2023, pig sales increased steadily.
In terms of production capacity, companies are able to produce more than 1.4 million pigs, with a previous loss of capacity due to disease in the north.
Recovering has gradually taken place, and seedlings are also growing steadily, with a firm target of 26 million people expected to emerge throughout the year. Farming costs continue to be optimized, and costs vary significantly from region to region.
The combined cost of farming is about $8.5 a pound, and the performance of companies varies significantly from region to region, with more than half of the total cost of farming companies below $8 a pound, but some of the costs are still higher in the northern region.
All right. The company has about 86 per cent of total life expectancy, of which about 6 per cent are still alive, 92 per cent – 93 per cent are on the market after seedlings, stable compared to 4q22, more than pre-infested spaces for further improvement, and 89 per cent are expected to survive the entire process in the future.
Pig prices continue to run below cost, and the process of degenerative capacity remains the core logic of the industry.
On the demand side, pork consumption is stable and warm. On the basis of the above, we expect short-term prices for pigs to be weak, and continuing cost pressures are expected to drive down the production capacity, so we expect the production of pig supplies to be profitable forecasts and investment proposals: in light of recent trends in pig prices, we have adjusted our response to the situation.
The price estimate for pigs in 2023 has changed the company’s forecast for harvest. We have a level of 13.6 x, considering the orderly growth of the company’s pig production, its potential for production, giving the company 14 times as much as 2023.
Quisong Ho Shiweihu, Son Qi Qisong
♪ Steaming hongweiwen ♪