China China: China's name, country's most important instrument, the country's most important instrument, the North-South merger into the world.
China’s Chinese vehicle, which is an orbital traffic manufacturing company formed by a merger between China’s South and China’s North Cars in 2015, is listed in Hong Kong, China, which inherited China’s North Car Company, Inc., and China’s 14-14.5 yuan.
All of the operations and assets of Nan Cha are the largest, most varied and technologically leading orbital equipment suppliers in the world, with absolute advantages in China ' s orbital transit equipment manufacturing market.
The industry is expected to be warm and warm next year. In the middle, based on the traditional railway equipment manufacturing industry, with the advantage of moving cars, subways, etc., the “high-iron diplomacy” has been used as a strategic tool to actively promote “go-out” and international productive cooperation to speed up the transformation of internationalization operations.
In the domestic market, it's going to the global level, and it's becoming a fancy business card for our high-end equipment, with a market price relative to market performance (nearly 12 months)
In 2015, with the merger of China’s North-South vehicles, China’s vehicle became the world’s number-first in terms of rail sales. In 2016, China’s Chinese vehicle received $8.1 billion in export orders, an increase of nearly 40 per cent compared to the same year.
In the middle-carried product, the export products were upgraded from the lower to the upper end, the export markets were leapfroged from Asia-Africa to the European and American markets, exports took the form of a combination of products, capital, technology, services and many forms of exports, and high-end equipment became a brilliant name for our high-end equipment.
The number of bids for cars has jumped, the demand for new ones has increased.
By 2020, the country's high-iron operations would have reached about 30,000 kilometres, and according to an analysis of the year's high-iron traffic, it was expected that “13” would have been achieved.
The demand for new cars in the country is 400 rows, 450 rows, 475 rows, 525 rows (8 formations), based on 180 million yuan per train, corresponding to a market size of 72 billion yuan, 81 billion yuan, 85 billion yuan, and 95 billion yuan.
The motor block will continue to grow at a rapid rate.
By the end of 2016, we had 29 cities with 127 lines of operation, with a total mileage of 3838 kilometres. In terms of the number of vehicles, at the end of 2013
We have 15,839 underground vehicles with a operating mileage of 2539 km and a vehicle capacity of 6 km per unit. Based on the intense increase in urban orbital traffic since 1355 and in 2016, we expect 1,000 km in operational urban orbital distance. Consider the need for additional lines and increased vehicle density.
The offshore market for the mid-to-town track operation is well under way, and new developments in overseas projects are taking place. The winnings are from Argentina, India, Turkey, the United States, Brazil, Malaysia, etc.
Between 2015 and the first half of 2017, the aggregate winning value reached RMB 48 billion, or more than 80% of the company’s total overseas orders. As the “one-way” policy continues to operate overseas, the company’s share of overseas markets in its urban-track operations will continue to grow.
The railway equipment business is at the heart of the company's business, with a ratio of 47.81%. The railway equipment business is at the core of the company's business, with a ratio of 47.81%.
The building base of the company’s equipment is made up of four parts: vans, locomotives, buses, and moving vehicles. On the basis of the bid volume achieved during the year, 2017 will be the largest year in recent years of bidding for cargo vehicles, with a high market share in the public truck business, which will lead to an increase in short-term in-car orders, expected in the medium to long term.
In addition, the railway reform process will continue to push forward structural reforms on the supply side of rail cargo transport, which will be affected as the supply side of the transport of goods, and will be accompanied by future changes on the supply side of railway trucks, which will accelerate the flow of intra-group resources.
The absolute increase in the demand for locomotives is related to passenger and cargo traffic data, and since 2016 freight forwarders have rebounded steadily and gradually moved out of the 2015 low point (the lowest rate in the fourth quarter of 2015 and -15 per cent in the right and left) and railway cargoes increased by 15 per cent in the first three quarters of 2017, more than previously anticipated.
The relative demand for locomotives has increased since 2015, thanks to the replacement of electric locomotives for internal combustion, and in 2017, the country’s railways are expected to produce new lines. On the basis of volume analysis of locomotive demand, the forecast for tendering for locomotives is still in place for 2017.
Prior to the spread of the high-speed railway buses were one of the important modes of passenger transport, and as the high-speed mode of movement became more permeable and replaced, the company’s bus revenues were gradually decreasing. The current revenue ratio of the bus business in the company as a whole was around 2.2%, and its impact on the company’s overall performance was expected to stabilize in the future.
The production of high iron will effectively integrate railway power resources, will release the capacity of established railways, ease long-standing tensions between passenger and cargo transport, and will provide a powerful boost to economic development along the road.
At the same time, the development of high iron will lead to the release of economic benefits from the entire industrial chain. According to the data released by the Commission, China’s high-iron network will reach 150,000 km by 2020. Over the past decade, it has relied on financial resources, railway funds, bonds, etc.
The company’s development strategy builds on the advantages of core technology and equipment manufacturing to enhance rail traffic.
The expansion and development of industries outside the country has now expanded and formed nine new industrial plates, namely wind power, high molecular composites, new energy vehicles, environmental industries, ships and seaworks, photovoltaic power, smart equipment (including industrial robots), heavy engineering machinery and mine machinery, and nine models of information and software technology.
New industrial business growth accelerated in 2015, rising from $13,363 million in 2014 to 23.62 per cent, becoming a new bright spot for corporate business development. Modern service operations consist mainly of financial, logistics, trade and other operations, which were collected in the first three quarters of 2017.
11,785 million yuan, or 13.28 per cent of the total revenue, are double and 20 times. Given the increasing volume of total iron tenders, the large increase in the company ' s future overseas development and the decline in rail investment, the low level of passenger freight transport, and the fact that overseas development has fallen short of expectations.
(1) Start a car operation: by 2020, we'll have about 30,000 km of high iron operations. According to an analysis of annual high iron traffic, the density of high iron cars in 2016 was 0.71 vehicles per kilometre, assuming a tender value of around 250 billion by 2020.
Not 400, 450, 475, 525 (eight formations), corresponding to a market size of $72 billion, $81 billion, $85 billion, $95 billion. It has an absolute position in the domestic market, with almost an entire market share of the country’s subway equipment.
Since the 35th century and in 2016, where urban orbital traffic has increased in intensity, we expect a new urban orbital mileage of more than 700 km in 2017, with a high innovation rate of about 35% on the same scale: taking into account the need for additional routes and increased vehicle density, the national demand for urban orbital vehicles in 2017 is projected to be around 5,500.
(3) Truck operations: the railway equipment business is the core of the company’s operations, with a ratio of 47.81%. The railway equipment industry consists mainly of four components: vans, locomotives, buses, and moving vehicles, which form the basis for the construction of the company’s equipment. Based on the number of tenders achieved in the course of the year, 2017 will be the largest year in recent years for tender vehicles, and the company’s truck market will be occupied.
High rates will lead to an increase in short- and medium-term purchase orders, which are expected to be accompanied in the medium- and long-term by steady demand for freight and macroeconomic stabilization. In addition, the railway reform process will insist on continuing to push forward the structural changes on the supply side of rail cargo transport, which will be affected as the supply side of cargo transport and will be accompanied by future changes on the supply side of railway trucks.
Further consolidation of intra-group resources will be accelerated. (4) Motors operations: The absolute increase in the demand for locomotives is related to passenger and cargo traffic data, with cargo growing by 15 per cent in the first three quarters of 2016 on average, above previous expectations.
The increase in the relative demand for locomotives is due to the replacement of electric locomotives for internal combustion, with a projected 1,100 km of new railway lines nationwide in 2017, and a projected 300-350 replacements for new electrical railways. Based on a volume analysis of locomotive requirements, it is expected that a bid for locomotives will remain in place during the year.
(5) Bus operations: corporate bus revenues are decreasing as high-iron modes of movement become more permeable and substituting. Currently, bus operations account for about 2.2% of the company’s total revenue, and the business is expected to be off-track for the company’s overall performance in the future (6) A new industry: the company is now expanding and forming nine new industrial plates, namely wind power and high-molecular recovery.
Combined materials, new energy vehicles, environmental industries, ship and seawork equipment, photovoltaic power, smart equipment (including industrial machines), heavy engineering machinery and mine machinery, information and software technology nine modules. Companies signed orders for new production operations over 15 to 17 years. Market competitiveness is further enhanced through mergers and acquisitions of foreign boge companies;
(b) The successful pilot extension of the pilot application, supported by the national and local governments, of the sewage treatment project in Jiang Su-chang Village Township with the ppp model, which led to a break in the market for decentralized sewage management in rural areas. Modern service operations speed up the whole industry chain layout, modern uniforms.
Business revenue increased by 10.39 per cent over the same period in the previous year, mainly because increased centralized procurement in the current period led to increased logistics revenues. It is expected that later municipalities will contribute more to corporate performance.1 The iron total bidding plus is accelerated;
2. The revival of passenger and cargo transport, the 13th Five-Year Plan, and the step-by-step progress of the railways;3 and all the way out of the country, with high iron and bright Chinese business cards. The fall in railway investment, low freight passenger transport, poor overseas development, etc.
(i) North-South integration is moving towards global development; (i) multi-industry development. China ' s Chinese vehicle is an orbital traffic manufacturing enterprise formed by a merger of Chinese and Chinese vehicles in 2015.
The Chinese are the largest, most varied and technologically leading orbital equipment suppliers in the world, and have an absolute advantage in the China-China rail transit equipment manufacturing market. Through the merger of the Chinese and the North, China-China vehicles have effectively integrated technology.
Brands, market advantages, R & D capabilities, etc., reduce competition of the same kind, effectively improve corporate performance, concentrate on building the core competitiveness of the enterprise, maintain a strong domestic market share, seize the opportunities offered by strategies such as the “one-way” and global orbital transport industries, implement internationalization, diversification, synergetic development strategies, and work towards national ownership.
The company’s real control is the State Treasury Committee of the State Department. The company continues to improve its technological innovation system, continuously upgrades its technological innovation capabilities, and has built the world’s leading track traffic.
The series of products that are equipped with product technology platforms and manufacturing bases, represented by high-speed motor vehicles, high-power motor vehicles, railway trucks, and urban orbital vehicles, have reached full world-class levels and are able to adapt to a variety of complex geographical environments and meet diversified market demands. China’s high-speed-car fleet of products made by Chinese cars has become a display by China to the world.
The company’s development strategy builds on the advantages of core technology and equipment manufacturing, while strengthening off-orbit production.
The extension and development of the industry has now expanded and formed nine new industrial panels, including wind and power equipment, high-molecular composite materials, new energy vehicles, environmental industries, ship and seawork equipment, photovoltaic power generation, smart equipment (including industrial robots), heavy engineering machinery, and mine machinery, information and software technology.
The major subsidiaries of the world, such as Land, Hong Kong, Malay and the United States, include Quantico Quantue Qingtao, Long Loi, (ii) Warm and Warm Performance, and the industry's readiness. The railway equipment business is considered to be at the heart of the company's business, with a revenue ratio of 47.81%.
It consists mainly of vans, locomotives, passenger cars, and moving vehicles, which have a larger share of the plate, with full potential for development, and are the building base of the company ' s equipment. Since 2014, the revenue from moving cars has risen rapidly, with more than 50% of the equipment-making plate, while other passenger, locomotive, and locomotive operations have declined.
With high levels of investment in assets and medium- and long-term plans for railways, the company's railway equipment plate will remain high. Outside the railways, the company track accounts for 15.28%, 23.62%, and 13.28%, respectively, of total revenues from urban infrastructure, new industries, and modern services, which together exceed traditional railway equipment operations, accounting for more than half of the company's total revenues.
The city track and urban infrastructure operations consist mainly of urban orbital transport vehicles purchased by local and foreign companies, such as vehicles, inter-city motor vehicles, and inter-city express vehicles, and the ownership and development of business development towards the ppp lump sum.
The broader context of project implementation and the rapid growth of urban orbital transport shows growing dynamism, with a major breakthrough in the construction of additional miles of urban orbital transport expected during the 13th and 5th period, with the expected opening of a new urban orbital mileage of more than 1,000 kilometres in 2017 and the involvement of companies in the urban orbital transport process in cities, with a surge in orders expected.
In addition to this, the company is investing in diversified new business, which includes, inter alia, track parts, new energy, environmental, etc., where track parts and other types of business are highly relevant to the company’s main business and rely on the main business for good development. Other business, including new energy, environmental equipment, and new materials, is the main business.
The new (iii) home-to-country, global, Chinese-to-country, based on traditional rail-to-rail equipment manufacturing, home-to-country based on the advantages of moving cars, subways, etc.
In 2011, overseas operations received $6.13 billion, while overseas operations received $19.05 billion by 2015, a decline of about 10%. As a result of the advance of policy along the way and the sound of our high-iron brands, a new breakthrough is expected in the proportion of cars moving to export. By mid-2017, an analysis of existing orders was carried out.
The 350-km high-speed motors export order signed by the high-speed Nigspeedrailcontractortum and the Central Indonesian High-line Company is the only order for the physical high-speed motors to walk out of the vehicle fleet, with a total order of RMB 2.5100 million, with other mobiles export contracts mainly for low-speed cars under 200 km for export to exporting countries.
For the last three years, the number of orders for motor vehicles has totalled $2.97 billion, representing 5.37 per cent of all orders. This has been accompanied by the country’s growing capacity for technology development and development in motor vehicles, a growing level of manufacturing capacity, and an increase in the country’s external promotion of high irons, with an upward trend in the volume and volume of external exports of motor vehicles.
In January 2017, the National Railways Agency issued a Chinese standard-moved car licence and manufacturing licence to the China-China long-chun orbital passenger vehicle, Sino-Chinese Qingjiang Motor Vehicle, Sino-Chinese Qingjiang Motor Vehicle, Inc. The motion adopted a new naming rule, in which the quad-produced “Blue Dolphins” were named cr 400af, and the long-passenger-produced “Gim Feng”
The new rules were determined by the meeting of the Iron General Party at the end of November 2016, and the future Chinese motors will be named by cr 200/300/400, corresponding to the three speed scales of 100-200, 200-300 and 300-400 (km/h). In the future, standard motors will gradually replace the earlier ones.
The crh1/2/3/5 series and the medium-term self-improvement and introduction of the crh380a/b/c/d series have become a high-speed railway passenger vehicle model for the state iron. For companies, the product based on this Chinese standard is expected to open up international railway equipment.
The cr400af Standard Chinese Car Unit (“Blue Dolphins”) has the highest total of over 80 per cent of all overseas orders, with orders totalling 48,850 million yuan over the last three years and large orders for the export of subway vehicles with single orders exceeding 4 billion dollars.
Incl: $4.1 billion contract for the sale of subway vehicles with the United States Department of Transportation, Chicago, $4.1 billion contract between China, Quadri Island, and $10.1 billion signed between the Long passenger shares and a consortium of Australia's Downeredimited (downer) and Australia's Plenarygroup and the Australian Department of Public Transport.
The Victorian Government of Australia contract for a high-volume subway (hcmt) project, the $4.46 billion contract for the sale of subway vehicles with the United States of America Losangelescountymetrotransportority, and the Sino-China Quadri Island Interstate Railways, Brazil, respectively.
A total of $7.28 billion in contracts for the sale of subway vehicles was signed by domestic and foreign companies, a total of $7.28 billion was signed by Orbital Transport Limited, with no specific amount disclosed separately, affecting accurate statistics.
Iron Diplomacy, with a “one-way” strategy, actively promotes “out-of-the-way” and international productive cooperation, accelerating the transformation of internationalization, building on domestic markets, and moving to the global level. China’s high iron policy, accompanied by a “one-way” policy, has expanded to dozens of countries and regions of the world, covering Asia, Europe, Africa, the Americas, Australia, and now China.
The country’s overall high iron mileage has continued to grow, reaching the world’s first-highest level, and the highest-speed high-iron run. China’s high-iron influence and penetration in overseas markets will continue to rise, thanks to the steady consolidation of overseas markets for equipment products such as urban tracks, locomotives, locomotives, buses, etc.
China's China-China merger of the technology and market advantages of the Chinese-China-China-North vehicle will, with the experience and advantages of the company's inter-orbiting, urban-tracking and other related parts and components industry, be clearly captured in the future of the country's high-iron outreach and export links.
II. The high-end high-end iron has become a luminous card for our high-end equipment, “go-out.” China’s Chinese vehicle, as the leading company in the global orbital equipment manufacturing industry, is in the lead internationally in terms of its size, core technology development, industrialization, and manufacturing processes. China’s Chinese vehicle is the world’s leading multinational company.
By June 2017, the company had 11 national industry R & D institutions, 21 national enterprise technology centres and 12 overseas R & D centres in the United States, Germany and the United Kingdom, setting up an internationally advanced orbital traffic suit.
Over the past few years, companies have continued to expand their internationalization strategies, increasing their overall internationalization. At the same time, along with the country’s “one-way” strategy, it has continued to help companies get more orders out of the sea.
Internationalization strategy expansion and the results achieved Successfully winning the Iranian subway project, refreshing the new record of subway export orders, successful winning the largest metro purchase in Hong Kong's history
For the first time, the moving group of products entered the European market, obtained an Israeli order for a 120-line light train, and managed to break through the entire order in the Israeli market.
The US-Boston subway project successfully laid the foundation for Springfield, and the first overseas manufacturing base for Chinese railways was built in Malaysia to become a new light for “International Energy Cooperation” and the first model vehicle production started with a joint venture with the United States.
The acquisition of the world-renowned marine industry, smd, and its strong entry into the high-end deep-sea robotics industry have provided important support for the development and development of the high-end marine engineering and equipment industry.
Participant in the world's 100-year-old world's largest commercial car exhibition — the Hanover International Commercial Vehicle Fair in Germany, showing its most advanced electric car and system parts, and the launch of the “Link Carbon Future — Sustainable Public Transport Solutions for Medium and Medium Vehicles” on site. The largest orbital traffic exhibition in São Paulo, Latin America, was shown in the Brazilian orbital traffic exhibition, which included high-speed motor teams, urban orbital subways, etc.
Intra-fired locomotives, locomotives, etc., with the Rio 4 line serving the Brazilian World Cup and Olympics, the subway product has received a lot of attention.
At the German Orbital Traffic Fair (innotrans 2016), the world-renowned consulting firm, the German public division of sciverkehr, published the world's orbital transport equipment ranking for 2015 - China's mid-world champion in the global orbital transport equipment industry.
The North American and Latin American Overseas Regional Corporation has successively established the South African Motorcycle Production Base and the United States Springfield City Track Manufacturing Base, which is progressing well, and the Malaysian Orbital Equipment Manufacturing Centre has become the highlight of China's trade and trade cooperation with the ASEAN region and a “one-way” international alliance.
12 overseas R & D centres in the United States, Germany, the United Kingdom, etc. are well under way, and the global application of innovative resources has been further enhanced, with orders for subway or passenger vehicles in Boston, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, etc.
Successfully awarded orders for double-story passenger cars in Montreal, Canada, Malaysia, etc. Export of railway equipment products from Iran, Pakistan, Thailand, Argentina, etc. Export of corporate products to 102 countries and territories on seven continents has now been made.
The high-end upgrading, the leaping of export markets from Asia-Africa to Europe-United States markets, the combination of exports from products to products, capital, technology, services, etc., has become the “outward” of high-end equipment in our country in 2015, and with the merger of the Chinese North-South vehicles, China’s Chinese vehicle has become the world’s number-first in-orbit traffic sales.
The company ' s total operating income in 2015 was RMB 241,913 million, of which RMB 13,199 million was for railway equipment and RMB 24,613 million for urban track and urban infrastructure, resulting in a total operating income of RMB 15,48.12 billion for orbital transport operations.
(The median value of the euro exchange rate in the interbank foreign exchange market on 31 December 2015 was 0.1410 yuan for the renminbi against the euro and 14.1 yuan for the RMB 100 against the euro) and therefore the total revenue in the euro for the 2015 track transaction was Euro21,828 million.
On September 26, 2017, Alstomsa announced that Siemens would merge transport operations with Alston, including orbiting and driving operations. The new merger, known as Siemens Alston, continued to be marketed in France. The main reason behind the merger was that “a firm from Asia changed the market.
According to the annual report, China’s Chinese company generated 22,972.2 million yuan in operating revenue in 2016. According to the latest annual financial report of Alston and Siemens, the new company is expected to have a reserve order of 61.2 billion euros, collect 15.3 billion euros, and adjust its pre-tax profit of 1.2 billion euros, i.e. an adjusted pre-tax profit rate of 8.0%.
The number of tenders for moving cars has jumped, the demand for new ones has increased, and investments in railway fixed assets are high, totalling about $800 billion. During the 13th Five-Year Plan, we plan to invest 3.5 trillion yuan in railways, and by 2020 they will be operating 150,000 kilometres.
The model will be about the same size as last year, with total investment remaining high at around $800 billion. As of the end of 2016, China’s railways were operating at 124,000 kilometres, the second largest in the world; and high-iron operations, which reached over 22,000 kilometres, accounted for more than 60 per cent of the world’s high-iron operations, the world’s top.
In 2013, China's railways were built on the fast-track key, and in 2013 the country completed a total investment of 6901 billion yuan, with 5027 km into the new line. In 2014, the country completed investment in fixed assets of 8,11.6 billion yuan, new construction projects of 66 and new lines of 8426 km. In 2015, the country completed investment in fixed assets of 82.38 billion yuan.
Billion dollars, 46 new start-up projects, 3281 kilometres into new lines; in 2017, the country's railway investment will be maintained in the medium- and long-term development of the railway, from four to eight. Over the past five years, the country's railways have grown cumulatively by 28,000 kilometres, of which 15,000 kilometres have been added to the railway. With the rapid growth of railway operations, I have been able to increase my railway operations by 15,000 kilometres.
In 2016, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Transport, and the Railway General Corporation jointly issued the Medium- and Long-Term Railway Network Plan, which proposes a four-way and four-way high-speed railway.
On the basis of the increase in passenger flow support, appropriate standards, and high-speed irons for development needs, which are made up of a high-speed railway network with a “eight-and-eight-way” main route as a skeleton, a regional connection, and an inter-city railway, which is supplemented by a high-speed rail network in the provincial capital city, which will be connected efficiently and easily between regions. The plan states that by 2025 the country's railway network will be about 175,000 kilometres large.
By 2030, the country will have achieved near internal and external connectivity, open inter-district access, high-trail connectivity in provincial capitals, rapid local access, and basic district coverage. At that time, the country’s railway network will be fully connected to cities with more than 200,000 people, the capital city of the high-speed railway network and more than half a million others.
The company, as a witness to China’s high iron industry, has continued to benefit from the construction of the high iron industry. Since 2014, the share of revenue generated by the start-up of the car industry has remained essentially stable at around 30% of the company’s total revenue, and the start-up of this business is the most important business for the company.
Models. In recent years, as national policies have advanced, the position of high iron in people ' s mobility has become far-reaching, with the proportion of iron passengers in railway passenger traffic rising each year, from 8 per cent in 2010 to 37.9 per cent in 2015; the country ' s railway fleet ownership is also increasing year by year, with the country ' s railway fleet growing in 2016 compared to 2010.
From September 21st, the Renaissance team started operating at the top of the list of 350 km/h, making it the country with the highest rate of commercial operations in the world. The company was building the Renaissance column at an average cost of 170 million yuan, and the total number of purchases at the beginning of the year was 154, with a total volume of more than 25 billion yuan.
Prices are the result of the company’s long-term accounting negotiations in Central and Central Iron, which will guarantee the company’s future profitability. At the same time, since October, the company has announced the start of research and development of a 250-km-hour, 400-km-hour “Recovery” and 600-km-hour high-speed magnetic floats, as well as cargo-car fleets, and small-scale purchases are expected to be opened by the end of 2018, and market space is expected to expand further.
About 20 per cent of the fixed-assets investment in railways is in orbital transport, such as locomotives, and according to the requirement of 3.5 trillion yuan in the national railway construction plan under the Tenth and Third Five-Year Plan, the actual investment in national railways is expected to remain at about 800 billion yuan in 2017, of which about 160 billion are in orbital equipment-type products.
By the end of 2020, 30,000 kilometres of high-iron operations would have taken place, and the operation of new lines and plans to invest in railway construction would have led to an increase in the demand for company-driven cars. The incentives and the continued advancement of high-iron projects everywhere would continue to drive the growth of demand policy-oriented demand for the cluster, with markets and countries alike.
With the planning and construction of long-term “eight-and-a-half” rail lines in our railways, as well as the country’s support for the high-iron strategy, the company’s rolling equipment operations will grow. According to the data, the country’s high-iron operations are constantly running miles.
Growth, with new high-trailer traffic projected to be the most important business model for the company in 2018 and 2019, after a small drop in 2016, 2017, and $2002 million in the first three quarters of 2017, representing 23.33% of the company ' s total operating income.
The total number of tenders is expected to increase steadily. By 2020, we will have approximately 30,000 kilometres of high-iron operations, and, based on an analysis of the situation of high-iron traffic over the years, it is expected that in the three years following the 13th anniversary (2018-2020), the number of new cars in the country will be around 1450 (45/475/525), and the amount of tenders will be around 250 billion (2018-2020).
Based on 180 million yuan per train, the average market size is 72 billion yuan, 81 billion dollars, and 85 billion dollars. In addition to the need for additional mobile units, the daily overhaul of the mobile units will also provide the company with a huge post-market opportunity. Since 2017, the operating units will be in the period of major overhaul, and the revenue from medium-sized vehicle maintenance is expected to rise.
Crh-5, crh380b and crh380c are in the same process, and crh-2 and crh380a follow shorter procedures.
The size of the field will continue to rise, and the expansion of the level 4, 5 and 5 overhaul market will clearly provide a direct benefit for medium-sized vehicle performance. According to estimates of available data, the number of moving units is expected to exceed 400 in 2017 for level 4 and 5 and, based on the cost estimates for level 4, 5 and the estimated size of the market for advanced motor vehicle inspection in 2017 is approximately $13.5 billion.
The peak period will be accompanied by the filling of a corresponding gap with the need for additional moving units (the five-stage unit will have a period of approximately eight years), which will further contribute to the increase in the demand for moving units.
IV. Capital ppp plus city track operations, big jumps on the sea (i) ppp model plus demand increases on the urban transport infrastructure, increasing urban population density as the rate of urbanization increases in the country, and the resulting traffic pressures
And with it, urban rail transport is more efficient and efficient, so that urban traffic congestion can be effectively addressed. “12.5 billion” dollars, or 51.4 billion yuan per year. Although our rail traffic is growing rapidly, it is still much worse than that of developed countries abroad, with 0.39 km per person per person per person per person and our rail transport city per person per year.
With a track length of 0.12 km per 10,000 inhabitants, there is considerable room for growth per capita in the urban track; as of 2016, there were 30 cities in the country (excluding Hong Kong and Macao) with urban orbital traffic operating in 4152.8 km, of which 3168.7 km, or 76.3 per cent, were underground;
Other urban rail transport lines have a length of 984.1 km, or 23.7%. In 2016, the length of the new line was historically high, at more than 530 km, an increase of 20.2% over the same period.
The total number of on-line urban orbital lines is 5636.5 km, an increase of 26.7% over the same period. Ten cities, including Shenzhen, Shanghai, Tianjin, Chongqing, Nanjing, Xiamen, Hangzhou, Xian, and others, have been built over 300 km.
Fifty-eight of them, with a total planned length of 7305.3 km, have already invested 370,184 million yuan in planned lines. Of these, 50 cities have more than 2 approved planning lines and 28 cities with a network of more than 100 km.
The company achieved revenue of $13,358 million in the first three quarters of 2017, accounting for 15.28% of the company’s total revenues. The city’s track business is in absolute control of the domestic market, with almost all of the domestic city’s railways installed.
By the end of 2016, we had 127 operational lines in 29 cities, with a total mileage of up to kilometre, with 6 vehicle holdings per kilometer. Based on an upswing in urban orbital traffic since the 13th century and in 2016, we expect to open a new urban orbital mileage of 700 kilometres in 2017, a 35 per cent increase in the same year and new in 2020.
Taking into account the need for additional lines and increased vehicle density, an estimated 5,000 additional urban orbital vehicles are expected, based on a conservative estimate of 7 moving cars per public unit. The continued advancement of the national ppp model has brought greater performance elasticity to company-based urban orbital operations.
China’s Chinese-car-led consortium won the bid in the Kunming Track 9 pp project, which is located in Kunming City, Yunnan Province, year after year. The Chinese-led consortium subsequently won the bid for the purchase of a bid for the Ppp Phase 2 project, which consisted of a project for the first phase of Line 1 and Line 2 in Yunnan province, with a total line length of 46.8 km.
The total investment in the project is estimated at about 14.6 billion yuan for a 30-year concession period, with a three-year build-up period and a 27-year operating period. During the course of the company’s operations, the company will be able to earn returns through fares, non-ticket revenues and government operating subsidies.
As the domestic market continues to develop, the offshore market for the Central and Central Car City track is growing rapidly, and the overseas project is making new progress. The largest order is the Victorian government ' s high-volume subway car, signed with the Australian Department of Public Transport and the Australian Public Transport Department, which is a consortium of long-stayers and Australian companies in 2016.
In addition, orders from countries such as Argentina, India, Turkey, the United States, Brazil, Malaysia, etc., were awarded successively, with a cumulative total of 48 billion yuan, or more than 80 per cent of the company's total overseas orders, between 2015 and the first half of 2017. With the "one-way" policy, there is an ongoing drive abroad.
The company’s share of overseas markets for urban track operations will also continue to grow. Figure 45: Summary of major urban track projects 2015-2017h1
(i) Truck operations: a substantial recovery in railway cargo for the benefit of trucking operations. Rail trucks are primarily for the cargo, which can be divided by use into general-purpose and special-purpose trucks. General-purpose trucks are vehicles that apply to the transport of a variety of cargoes, such as convertibles, sheds, flat-cars, etc.
In order to further enhance the load capacity of trucks, the company has completed the development and testing of vehicles with 80-t-grade utility vehicles with a higher load capacity than is currently the case.
In order to provide a suitable truck product for a new load line, the company has completed the development of a special truck, such as a 100-t class-km100 coal funnel vehicle, which is about 20% higher than the c80-series convertible. The maximum test speed for a pre-researched express truck is 200 km/h or more, with good kinetic performance.
Incoming design and manufacturing techniques have completed the export of smart vans to high-end markets abroad, using advanced technologies such as electro-air brakes, axle temperature monitoring, de-orbiting monitoring and so on, resulting in light quantification of vehicles, operational intelligence and a significant increase in safety reliability, which is currently the most technologically advanced railway truck in the world. At present, Chinese vehicles have developed and developed 160 km/h of operational speeds.
The capacity of fast vans and axle loads of 42t ~45t special cargo trucks has been developed and put into bulk use, covering a full series of truck products with a maximum operating speed of 120 km/h. In the rail freight market, the bulk of goods such as coal, ore, steel, etc. are transported ahead of schedule, while the convertible is
As the volume and turnover of rail cargoes continues to grow, the supply side of the corresponding railway trucks will also grow. So, our logic is that the trend in rail freight and the way it corresponds to the demand for bulk commodities will continue to rise.
The current macroeconomic situation is in the midst of a short-term recovery and a rebound, but it will also remain slow and stable in the medium to long term. Based on an overview of the overall market situation, and based on an analysis of the rail cargo situation, the volume of cargo has gradually emerged.
The 2015 low (the lowest year-on-year growth rate in the fourth quarter of 2015, at around 15%) will result in a steady rebound, cargo demand will continue to increase in 2017,1 and the corresponding cargo base will gradually improve, and the corresponding truck demand will rebound, providing good development space for the company ' s truck operations. Based on the number of bids achieved in the year, 2017 will be used in recent years.
In addition, the 18 railways (companies) of China Railways are moving faster, with railways starting in 2018.
The Authority operates in full accordance with the new mechanism. The railway reform process will continue to promote structural changes in the supply side of rail cargo transport, which will be affected as the supply side of the cargo transport, and will accelerate the further integration of resources within the group, which will be accompanied by future changes in the supply side of the truck.
(ii) Motor vehicle operations: absolute demand rebounds from the same powered vehicle business as relative demand growth The vehicle now covers a series of narrow-track, track-tracking, wide-tracking products, with a full-scale build-up and mastering of the engine ' s total, body, turn-on, towed transformers, towed transformers, network control systems, brake systems, drivers, and nine core technologies.
In particular, the rapid development of modern railway equipment in China over the past decade has led to the introduction, digestion, absorption, and re-innovation of Chinese railways, which have led to another milestone in the development of Chinese motor vehicle technology and products.
The " East Wind " series, which is represented by internal combustion motors platforms, the " ss " series, the " gk " series, which is represented by industrial and mining motors, has been fully developed into the " Hxn " and " hxd " , which are represented by high-capacity communication transmissions. To date, the " medium-vehicle " series has been covered.
The company ' s revenue from engine vehicle operations was $8,222 million, representing 19.38 per cent of the business income from railway equipment and 9.27 per cent of the total receivable, reflecting a rebound from the low level of locomotive operations in 2016.
In the fourth quarter of the year, the rate of increase was the lowest, at around -15 per cent), and in the first three quarters of 2017, rail freight volume reached 275,505.47, with rail passenger turnover increasing by 6.5 per cent to 10,05.1 billion in January-September. Since 2015, passenger traffic has continued to rise at the same rate, with a cumulative monthly increase of between 5 and 10 per cent since the beginning of the year and so far, with a robust increase in cargo.
The demand for vehicles as a result of the resilient growth in passenger traffic has led to an absolute increase in the number of locomotives. Rail passenger turnover (million km) in 2017 was 21,000 railway locomotives, an increase of 87 compared to the previous year, of which 41.8 per cent were burned internally.
This represents a 0.9 percentage point decrease over the previous year, with electric motor vehicles accounting for 58.1 per cent, or 0.9 percentage points higher than the previous year. There is also a relative increase in the demand for an electric motor vehicle for internal combustion of motor vehicles, with the national railway Electrification mileage rising from 24,000 km in 2007 to 830,000 km in 2016.
The distance growth rate was 2.35 per cent, and the national iron electrification rate was close to 65 per cent by 2016, which meant that electricity engines would burn 10,000 kilometres of internal engines, while railway electrification would reach more than 65 per cent, i.e. about 90,000 kilometres of electrical railways. In 2017, the country ' s railways were expected to become 2,100 kilometres operational and 4,000 kilometres of additional electrification railways were expected to be new throughout the country.
The relative replacement needs of the additional electrical railways range from 300 to 350 electric locomotives. In January, iron launched the largest bid ever for motor vehicles since it was formed, with a total of 586 such vehicles, valued at approximately $10.7 billion, and based on estimates of their requirements, it is estimated that this year there will still be a bid forecast for them.
(iii) Bus operations: the operational impact of the company's railway operations, which are dominated by high-speed, inter-city, intra-fired, 25 series of railway buses, have product structures suitable for different speed levels, different grade levels, and different power-trailing methods.
The bus product is mainly a 120-200-km bus series, a sleeper series, a food truck, a luggage truck, a power generator, a special car, a highland car, etc. The high-speed motorcade is a two-speed series of 250-km and 350 km-h, of which the high-speed railway bus was one of the most important passenger modes before it became widely available, while travelling with the high-speed train.
In terms of the impact of passenger vehicle demand, the passenger base is stable, the replacement of air-conditioning vehicles for non-air-conditioning vehicles is nearing completion, and the increasing attraction of high-iron to passenger traffic has led to an overall revenue ratio of about 2.2 per cent of the company ' s former passenger-car business, which is expected to have an impact on the company ' s overall performance in the future.
Annual passenger traffic and the same rate of increase across the country VI. High iron with “social” and “economic” benefits, the whole industry chain has far-reaching implications (i) for far-reaching social benefits
As an urban infrastructure, the social benefits of transport far outweigh their own economic benefits. A local development cannot be achieved without an improved regional transport capacity.
The production of high iron will effectively integrate railway power resources, release the capacity of established railways, ease tensions over long-term passenger and cargo transport, and provide a significant boost to economic development along the road, with far-reaching social benefits.
High-speed rail development is a very important link and artery for economic development, high-speed rail transport is a low-carbon, energy-efficient function, and high-speed rail development will promote comb effects.
\triangleright High-speed rail development will be a positive driver and promoter of employment and industrial development High-speed railways can not be underestimated for national strategies and security, indirectly contributing to economic development
High-speed rail investment is the “railhead” that pulls domestic demand and (ii) the economic benefits of the entire industrial chain.
Over the past decade, the country’s railways have achieved remarkable success through a variety of sources of financing, including financial resources, railway funds, and bonds. The highest attention has been paid to enterprises in the high-iron chain.
A mega-group of high-iron spare parts manufacturers, based in Beijing, China, which is one of the largest construction contractors in the world, has a portfolio of designs, construction installations, industrial manufacturing, real estate development, resource minerals, financial investment and other operations.
For 11 consecutive years, it has entered the world’s top 500 firms, ranked 57th in the Fortune 500 and seventh in China’s top 500 firms in 2016. Corporate operations cover almost all areas of capital construction, including railways, roads, municipalities, housing, cities.
Orbital transport, hydropower, airports, ports, wharfs, etc. can provide a turnkey service for “vertical integration” in the construction industry. In addition, companies have implemented limited and relevant diversification strategies and have made progress in such operations as survey design and consultancy, manufacturing of industrial equipment and spare parts, real estate development, mineral resource development, highway operations, finance, etc.
The company is one of the most powerful and large-scale conglomerates in China and globally, ranking third in the Financial Year 2016, “The world's 250 largest contractors.” Corporate operations cover engineering contracting, surveying design consulting, industrial manufacturing, real estate development, logistics and trade in goods.
There are 31 provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities and Hong Kong, Macao Special Administrative Region, with the exception of Taiwan, as well as nearly 100 countries and territories around the world.
The owner ' s ability to provide one-stop integrated services. Industry leadership has been established in the areas of highland railways, high-speed railways, highways, bridges, tunnels and urban orbital transport engineering and construction.
Quality and technical services are providers of orbital transport systems with fully autonomous intellectual property rights, which have been approved through the National Union of Railways Iris Industry Standard Certification, Iso9001 Quality System Certification, en15085-2 Welding Enterprise Certification, c/cb Certification, Environmental Management System Certification, Occupational Health Management System Certification, etc.
The company is a well-qualified supplier in China to an internationally renowned vehicle supplier, Canada Bombardy, French company Alston, and German Siemens. The company owns more than 200 domestic patents, including more than 10 patents for inventions, and the core patent, the Unsourced Spiral Locker Agency, has been authorized by countries such as Russia, Australia, Singapore, and the Republic of Korea.
The Division will seize the opportunity of major developments in the orbital transport sector and will continue to strengthen core competitiveness with autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs) for orbital equipment products, consolidate the urban orbital market, advance to the high iron market, expand international markets and develop into an orbital orbital orbital orbital orbital ore integrated equipment manufacturing enterprise with an internationally advanced level of equipment.
The company is the leading firm in the domestic hardcore industry, which is responsible for the production, development, production and sale of a variety of hard fixture products, intermediate products, the possession of more than a thousand sets of imported automated production and detection equipment, the use of erp management systems, the production of logos (gb), ansi, deutsche (din), logos (uni), and the use of high quality raw materials for imported and large steel plants in the country.
With a yearly production of more than 200,000 tons of high-quality bolts, screws, screws, precision wires and non-standard special hard-strengths such as the Japanese signpost (jis), the international standard (iso), and the quality management system through the Iso9001, Iso/ts16949 certification certificate, the product is widely used for a wide range of domestic enterprises and national priority construction projects, and the parallel sale of markets such as the United States, Japan, Europe, etc.
The Chinese Association of Mechanical Industries has been listed in the year as the China Mechanical Industries Management Association as the China Mechanical 500 Company, a high-technology company engaged in the development, production, sale, installation and maintenance of orbital traffic power systems.
Industry, after many years of development, has gradually established a leading edge in the field of orbital traffic signal power sources, the country of product ownership, the iron sector first, the urban orbital transport sector first, and the orbital traffic power supply system and power operation power system products are new profit growth points for companies. The company's orbital transport power products, which are fully autonomous intellectual property rights, have been widely applied.
In the field of rail transport, such as general State-owned railways, passenger lines, urban rail lines and local railways, there is an irreplaceable and important role in the security and stability of rail transport. Participation in the completion of the 9th line, the Kyogi line, the Kyoto line, the Guangzhou subway, the upper Haitian railway, the Nanjing subway, the Shenzhen subway and the Changchun light track are all completed.
The Eastern Rain Rainbow Company, a leading Chinese defense water industry in the development, manufacture, marketing and construction of integrated water-proofing materials, is the only listed company in the national high-technology enterprise, the Chinese defense water industry and owns the first State-level business skills in the industry.
Technical centres and post-doctoral research workstations, and with the world ' s leading multi-purpose imported and modified asphalt and water-proofing film production lines, cold-cooled asphalt and the world ' s most advanced environmental anti-water paint production lines. As a provider of systematic water-resistant solutions, the company has 85 per cent of its products in the Chinese People ' s Hall and bird nests, water cubes, etc.
In China’s landmark buildings, such as the 2008 Beijing Olympic complex, and major national infrastructure projects, such as a large number of high- and subways, the Orient Rain Rainbows have performed excellent applications of water-proofing systems, which have been highly valued by users and society at large.
Over a dozen countries and territories.
The corporate development strategy, based on the advantages of core technology and equipment manufacturing, strengthens the extension and development of industries outside of orbital traffic and currently expands and forms nine new industrial panels, namely wind and power equipment, high-molecular composite materials, new energy sources, cars, environmental industries, ship and marine equipment, photovoltaic power, smart equipment (including industrial robots), heavy engineering machines.
Nine modules of mechanical, information and software technology for arms and mines. Nine sections of the company ' s new industry already have a certain product advantage.
Effectively, higher revenues from power generation equipment and automobile equipment led to faster growth in new industry operations. Companies signed multiple orders for new industry operations over 15 to 17 years.
The company further enhanced market competitiveness; the deep sea robot market was broken through the merger and acquisition of the British company Smd, which enhanced the market competitiveness of the ship ' s seamen ' s equipment; and the pilot extension of the pilot application, supported by national and local governments, was able to achieve a breakthrough in the rural decentralized sewage management market, using the ppp model as a model for the successful sewage treatment project in the village of Jiang Su.
An overview of large projects in the new industrial sector 2015-2017h1 The new corporate sector has re-emerged into a more robust revenue stream since 2015. Businesses in the new industry grew by 9.51 per cent in 2016 compared to the same period in the previous year, mainly due to wind and new energy vehicles and automobiles.
(ii) Modern service operations accelerate the entire industry chain layout.
\triangleright \triangleright \trangleright “Medicro-buying” e-commerce platform for supply chains
The strategic plan for the modern services of companies is to create a pool of highly profitable businesses by bringing in new institutions, mechanisms and high-end talent by building on financial and class-based financial and logistics operations, building on medium-carrying plates, focusing on the convergence of production, optimizing stock operations, expanding incremental operations, combining domestic and foreign operations, and bringing in new institutions, mechanisms and high-end personnel.
The increase in operating income from modern services was 10.39% over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to increased centralized procurement in the current period, resulting in eight, profit forecasts and investment proposals: (1) start-up operations: by 2020, we will have approximately 30,000 km of high-iron operations.
The value of the bidding will be around $250 billion. Between 2017 and 2020, it is expected that 400, 450, 475, 525 (8 formations) will be needed for the number of new cars in the country, corresponding to a market size of 72 billion yuan, 81 billion yuan, 85 billion yuan and 95 billion yuan.
It has an absolute position in the domestic market, with almost an entire share of the domestic market for sub-rail vehicle equipment. Based on the intense increase in urban orbital traffic since X35 and in 2016, we expect a new urban orbital mileage of more than 700 km in 2017, with a high innovation rate of about 35%, taking into account the need for additional routes and increased vehicle density.
In 2017, the country’s urban orbital vehicle needs are projected to be around 5,500. (3) Truck operations: railway equipment operations are at the heart of the company’s business, with a ratio of 47.81%. The railway equipment industry consists mainly of four components: vans, locomotives, passenger cars, and moving vehicles, and is the foundation for the construction of the company’s equipment.
The bid volume has been achieved, and 2017 will be the largest year in recent years of bidding for cargo vehicles, with a high market share in the company’s truck business, which will lead to a corresponding increase in short-term purchase orders, which are expected to stabilize in the medium- and long-term along with steady demand for freight and low macroeconomic speed. In addition, the railway reform process will insist on moving forward with the supply side of rail cargo.
Sexual reform, whereby trucks will be affected as the supply end of cargo transport, will be accompanied by future changes in the supply side of railway trucks, which will accelerate the further integration of intra-group resources. (4) Motor vehicle operations: the absolute increase in the demand for locomotives is linked to passenger and cargo data, goods since 2016
In the first three quarters, rail traffic grew by 15% on a year-on-year basis, exceeding earlier expectations. The passenger market has been growing at a steady pace since 2015. The relative demand for locomotives is due to the replacement of electric locomotives with in-house combustion, with new railway lines projected to be  2100 km in 2017, and electric locomotives expected to be generated by new electrification railways.
There are 300-350 replacements. On the basis of a volume analysis of locomotive requirements, it is expected that the forecast for biding will still exist during the year.(5) Bus operation: the company’s bus revenue will decline as high-iron modes of travel become more permeable and substituting.
(6) Non-trading of new industries: the company is currently expanding and forming nine new industrial panels, namely wind and power equipment, high molecular recovery materials, new energy vehicles, environmental industries, ship and seawork equipment, photovoltaic power, smart equipment (including industrial machinery), heavy engineering machinery and mine machinery, and information and software technology.
Signed several orders in business. Market competitiveness was further enhanced through the M & A of Borg abroad; the Deep Sea Robotic Market was broken through the M & A of the United Kingdom, which enhanced the competitiveness of the ship ' s seamen ' s equipment market; and the piloting of the pilot extension of the sewage treatment project in Jiangsu Chang Village Town, which was successfully implemented using the ppp model.
Support from the Ministry has led to a breakthrough in the rural decentralized sewage management market. Modern service operations have accelerated the distribution of whole-sector chains, and operating revenues from modern service operations have increased by 10.39% over the same period the previous year, mainly because of increased logistics revenues as a result of increased intensive procurement in the current period.
There has been a decline in investment in railways, low passenger freight transport, poor overseas development, and so on. There has been a deep understanding of the policy and development of the lost industry, and field research has been conducted on nearly 100 listed companies, insisting on value investments, and good at bottom advice.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.