19 years of performance in line with expectations and 20 years of continued growth Events: corporate performance forecasts, expected net return profit of 4.3-4.5 billion for the whole of 2019, doubling of net profit for the entire year of  2019 and continuing to benefit from the renewal cycle + higher profit margin
On the basis of performance forecasts, we expect the company o4 to achieve a net return profit of $800 to $1 billion, an increase of 11 to 39 per cent over the same period, with faster growth under a high base. The company’s performance continued to grow at a high rate throughout the year, benefiting mainly from the overall engineering and machinery industry landscape, the competitiveness of its main products continued to increase and the scale of its sales increased.
Large-scale effects + business quality upgrades drive significant growth in corporate profitability. 3-quarter combined gross interest rates of 29.8%, compared to +3.45pt, net sales rate of 10.9%, compared to +4.8pc, predominantly 1)
The value-added of the new 4.0 product, which is high, and the country’s six-pumpers, among others, have started to sell, has increased the overall Māori rate; and (3) cost-control capacity has been significantly enhanced and profitability has grown. We believe that there is still room for flexibility in corporate profitability in 2020.
Main power operations are progressing well and performance growth can be expected in 2020 Tower operations: benefiting from the increased penetration of assembly buildings, company advantage in medium towers Engineering cranes: facing a six-way upgrading of countries, most of which are still in the market
With the phase-out ahead, heavy sales from 2020 are still optimistic, with companies maintaining a three-tier share, with growth expected to outpace the industry. With growth, firms are expected to outpace the industry.
The high-altitude platform is well under way, and its products are widely appreciated by clients, and it is expected to enter the country's high-altitude platform area, with the first echelon. The arm line is designed with an annual capacity of 3,000 units and is now expected to be released by the end of 19 in the process of climbing the capacity; the cutting of the fork line has been well developed and is expected to be produced in the year.
It is expected to be a future growth point for the company.
Incentives to build up core talent, performance appraisals, development confidence 2019-11-19.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.