The annual report ' s performance is projected to more than double, keeping in view the demand for engineering machinery during the season: the company ' s 2019 annual report forecast, which achieved net profits of $4.3 to 4.5 billion over the year, the beneficiary industry continued to enjoy a favourable performance, and the annual report ' s performance was projected to more than double: the company achieved a net gain in 2019
The demand for downstream industries, such as infrastructure, continues to grow better, and the engineering and machinery industry continues to grow. Companies sell both core concrete machinery, lift equipment, and new products, earth machinery, high-altitude operating platforms, have made breakthroughs, with overall growth above industry averages.
The scale, product upgrading, structural optimization and management upgrades have led to an increase in the scale of sales, while Māori has improved significantly, and management and financial costs have declined in comparison with the decline in the ratio. The market strategy is more flexible. The core products are concrete machines, cranes, and so on.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) Maintenance of one or two positions, especially vehicle cranes, increased sales in 19 years, total market value/flow (millions)
The company is an absolute leader in the construction of the domestic industry, the demand for the benefit tower industry continues to grow, the company takes full advantage of the opportunity to expand its capacity, and the business of the towers will grow at a high rate throughout the year. The company begins to deploy new products such as high-altitude platforms, earth machinery, etc.
Information, high-altitude high-altitude products are well established, keeping black horses in position, promising to become high-altitude jobs, raising the company’s long-term value, and investing in smart farmers’ first-tier companies.
Promotion of Transformation Upgrade - 2019/11/17 Launching of ze60e-10, ze75e-10 mini-diggers, promising to become a strong growth point for companies in the future. Looking at the demand for engineering machinery during the season, companies are expected to benefit significantly: 13 January, State Department
Common market expectations, the market position of core products Meetings to deploy a quarterly exercise calling for accelerated issuance and good use of local government-specific bonds, continuing upgrades - 2019/10/31
To promote early start of construction in progress and enabling projects, leading to increased and effective investment. Instead of a large proportion of the previous year’s investments in earth storage and shed improvement projects, the new special debt issued this year will mainly match expectations and continue to benefit from the high profile of the industry.
To the capital sector, and to allow a specific debt to be used as capital for the project, it is expected that the capital will be further leveraged -- by 2019/10/14. We expect the company to benefit significantly from the demand for engineering machinery after spring.
Qualification certificate code: Qualification certificate code: Annual report ' s performance is more than doubled to take into account the requirements of engineering machinery during the season.
The annual report’s performance is expected to double, looking at industry research on high-season demand for engineering machinery, and is good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related plates.
Heart, in July 2017, was better placed to seize investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Center, in September 2017, was better placed to take advantage of industrial trends.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific Securities Centre in July 2019, was dedicated to studying industrial fluctuations and finding certainty opportunities, and was employed at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined the Pacific Securities Institute in July 2017.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.