Compared to +116 per cent; net profit from non-repatriation of $3.51 billion, corresponding to +136 per cent. Income from the main industrial product grew significantly, benefiting from the industry's high profile + share increase.
Other engineering machinery and products, such as earth machinery, generated revenues of 13.9 billion, 22.1 billion and 4.94 billion respectively, representing an increase of 37 per cent, 76 per cent and 21 per cent in the same year, while sales of major products continued to grow at a rapid rate, benefiting mainly from the higher profile of the engineering and machinery industry + the higher share of companies, and the higher weight and concrete machinery in the national market.
The share of the field continues to be the top three, with tower sales achieving the world’s number one, car cranes, mounted cranes, and domestic market shares exceeding 6 pct and 10 pct, respectively. In addition, agricultural machinery and financial services earn 730 million, compared to 47.5 per cent.
▪ Significant increase in profitability and control of the cost rate during the period Reason: 1) Continued high sales of main-camp products led by cranes, concrete machines, and significant scale effects; 2) High value added 4.0 new products and national six pump vehicles, etc., started to be sold, bringing up the whole
Māori rates. Other machinery and products have seen a significant decline in Māori rates, which we judge to be mainly new products. High-altitude platforms absorbed part of capital spending in 2019 and are expected to show a gradual shift towards a double income + profitability in 2020.
18.8 per cent, the same ratio to 1 pct, with good control of management and financial cost rates, as compared to 2019, when companies continued to launch new business products.
The company ' s net operating cash flow of $6.22 billion, which is the best ever increase of 23 per cent over the same period, has entered the path of sustainable development on a continuous upwards basis. The company ' s stock turnover of 127 days during the reporting period was similar to the healthy level of the previous cycle, mainly because of the firm ' s more stringent credit policies.
Moving after the quarter of q1 in 2020, the outlook for the beneficiary industries continues throughout the year. q1 performance under the epidemic is expected to remain stable and q2 is expected to grow robustly.
Since March, the impact of the epidemic has been phased out, the demand for downstream construction markets has been fully activated, and the rate of start-up of major national projects and engineering and mechanical equipment has been gradually rising in both dimensions, with the end-of-life rate rising.
Demand has begun to be repaired, countercyclical regulation policies have been falling, and we expect an improvement in the growth rate of the o2 infrastructure and a simultaneous release of industry demand. As industry leaders, the o1 performance is still on par, and sales of the o2 product are expected to grow strongly.
Throughout the year, the landscape of the engineering and machinery industry has been sustained by strong capital and real estate investments, environmental performance has met expectations, and 20 years of continued growth has led to a more stringent demand for equipment replacement.
Construction cranes: facing a six-way upgrade in the five-way country, sales are still on track in 2020, companies are still at the top three levels, and growth is expected to go beyond the industry.
Incentives to bring together core talent, performance evaluation, good performance, and products that are widely appreciated by clients, are expected to bring new growth points to the company.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board