In the recent past, as a result of the impact of the global epidemic and the continuing outflows of foreign capital, companies and engineering-related targets have been significantly reduced, we believe that this adjustment is more of a trade dimension, and that the pace of recommenced downstream has actually increased significantly in recent days, with company delivery levels and orders.
The performance of core products is clearly better than the industry average, and the acceleration of re-entry downstream in March has led to a sharp rise in equipment shipments. As a result of the short-term impact of the epidemic, the sales of major engineering and mechanical products have been at different levels since the beginning of the year.
The company has achieved a remarkable success in controlling the epidemic, building a good sample of the industry, increasing the core competitiveness of the company's products during the epidemic, and increasing the development of new practices such as cloud marketing.
According to industry associations, the total sales in the cement pump industry in January-February were on average, with the accelerated resumption of production downstream in March leading to a 46% decline in equipment shipments compared to the previous year, while the total sales in the concrete mixer industry decreased by about 65% compared to the same year, while the company ' s cement pump was new in the country.
The volume of machine sales increased by more than 50 per cent over the same period, the market share increased to more than 50 per cent, the concrete mixer vehicle dropped by about 20 per cent over the same period, the level rose in a straight line, and the expected performance was expected to be even in the quarter, with the total market share of the blender rising to about 15 per cent; and the total sales of the car crane industry declined by about 35 per cent on the same basis in January-February, compared to the company vehicle industry.
A small drop in crane sales, a significant increase in load-carried crane sales, and the level of the overall construction crane collection are expected to be at the same level as last year; the towers are more affected by downstream start-ups, which are now relatively low, resulting in a similar decline in company tower sales in January-February. In the first two weeks of March, company and industry sales continued to decline, mainly as a result of the start-up.
Low rates, logistical constraints and the high base for the same period last year, but the rate of re-entry has started to accelerate as local governments have increased, the rate of re-entry has begun to accelerate, the start-up rate of equipment has gradually increased, the order and delivery of the company has improved significantly over the last two days, and at the current rate of re-entry and delivery, the volume of concrete, tower sales is expected to turn to positive growth in the second half of the month.
Because of the tax policy, many customers purchased equipment early in March, overstretched part of the demand in the second quarter, while industry sales are expected to be relatively stable in the coming months of the year, the industry is expected to continue to decline in March, business sales are expected to change in April-May, and corporate sales are expected to remain above industry levels.
The global epidemic continues to ferment with limited impact on companies, and countercyclical regulation will further drive demand for equipment. The company ' s semi-annual report in 2019 showed that overseas sales earned less than 8 per cent, less than 13 per cent a year in 2018, and higher domestic market sales in the second half of 2019. Thus, less than 10 per cent of overseas revenues are expected throughout the year, and the share of offshore sales is significantly lower.
The continued spread of the overseas epidemic, a major competitor, has had some impact on overseas demand for engineering and machinery, has had very limited impact on the company’s performance throughout the year, and short-term adjustments in overseas markets have left more room for the company’s future internationalization.
Billion, even with a complete shutdown in the following period, there is no need to disproportionately magnify the impact of overseas markets. Some parts of the company’s concrete, mechanical chassis, etc., need to be purchased from Europe and the United States. More than 800 units are now available, and even if the global supply chain is hit by the epidemic, it will be enough for the company to support sales for more than three months.
Downside, emphasis has been placed on increasing counter-cyclical regulation, with demand for equipment driven by investment increasing in contrast to the pre-epidemiological period, and the industry’s climate cycle becoming even longer. Corporate performance is expected to remain stable in the first quarter, with high annual performance of 30%.
In the case of sales, we expect that the overall corporate revenue will remain at a substantially flat level in a quarter, significantly better than the industry average, with concrete machinery expected to grow at a positive rate in a quarter, towers expected to remain flat, and car cranes likely to drop slightly. The impact of the epidemic on the engineering and machinery industry is temporary, repairable, and overall demand in the industry will only slow down throughout the year.
Without default, we believe that concrete machinery will grow with the strongest certainty, followed by towers, excavators, car cranes, at least at a high level, and that concrete operations account for a high degree of certainty and elasticity over the performance of the main plant, and that the company will be expected to continue the booming sales of concrete machinery in a quarter of the year, and that the market share is expected to be significant over the course of 19 years.
There will be some room for improvement in performance throughout the year, based on the high profile of the continuing engineering and machinery industry and the higher expected market share of the company’s core products, and we're going to raise the company to the market price of 16 March 2020.
Global epidemic control is not as fast as expected, downstream re-entry has led to slower than expected, industry competition has intensified, and capital and real estate investments have fallen short of expectations.
Yang Shao Fai