The company published its annual 2019 report: a total of 43.31 billion yuan, an increase of 50.9 per cent over the year, resulting in a net profit of 4.37 billion yuan from the mother, a steady increase in the market position for core products and a potential market boom. In 2019, the company collected about 13.9 billion yuan in concrete machinery, an increase of the same amount.
The overall growth in the sale of the company’s core products was driven by a combination of a renewed and dynamic engineering and machinery industry, capital investment, environmental pressures, and artificial substitution, on the one hand, and a sustained increase in the market position of the company’s products, on the other. With the company’s return to “business” in 19 years, product line sales were more accurate, inputs into new products, new technologies, and marketing patterns were increased.
▪ The steady increase in the market position of core products, the continued profitability of innovations that have enhanced the market competitiveness of corporate products, the continued stability of the share of concrete machinery in the top two of the industry, the share of engineering cranes in the market, the best level in nearly five years, the domestic market share of automobile cranes, mounted cranes, and 10 pct, respectively, was higher than 6 pct and 10 pct, respectively, in tower sales rules.
All right, with a record high in business quality, one quarter of the world’s performance will be highest, with a market share of domestic sales exceeding 40%, and industry’s dominant position being further consolidated. High-altitude platforms, earth, and year-round performance are expected to increase by more than 30%.
The potential markets for machinery, agricultural machinery, etc., are also on the rise, and the first year of high-speed entry into the industry will be bought into the country’s first market, selling more than $500 million, earth machinery will complete the layout of the country’s provincial distribution services network, and new business trends such as mechanism sand, dry sand, etc., will be well developed, with clear strategies for the development of high-end agricultural machinery, all of which are expected to become strong growth points in the company’s future.
Increased management innovation and sustained high-quality development. Companies continue to build on high-quality, sustainable development concepts, operating management and efficiency. Business indicators continue to grow healthy and steady. In 2019, the cost of the company was 18.8 per cent, a decrease of 0.9 pct over the same period, with sales rates, management + R & D rates, financial costs of 8.7 per cent, 7.2 per cent, 2.8 per cent and an increase of 0.4 pct, respectively.
0.1 pct, 1.5 pcc increase in sales costs due mainly to an increase in the number of service workers in 19 years in the distribution of outlets such as sales, after-sales services and earth machinery. The increase in management + R & D cost is mainly due to an increase of $790 million in R & D costs in q4 and an increase in R & D costs from 2.3 per cent in the previous three quarters to 3.5 per cent throughout the year. As the company ' s debt was reduced and its financial structure optimized, the financial costs began to fall somewhat, and the cost of the period began to fall.
With a slight increase in the Māori rate in the previous three quarters, net interest rates have fallen by 3.8 pct, depending on the business, concrete machinery, cranes, agricultural machinery Māori, and future Māori companies have guaranteed high-quality cash flows of $6.22 billion, up 22.8 per cent from year to year, as a result of the effects of scalination, higher rates of consumption of high Māori products, concrete pumps and towers, and lower cost rates over time.
The short-term impact of the epidemic and the strategic development needs of the company have been ignored, and the impact of the global epidemic on the company has been limited. In response to the impact of the epidemic, the costs of supporting the public sector’s operations, and the replenishment of liquidity, the company decided not to make a profit in 2019.
In terms of distribution, given the lag in the return of clients downstream of the epidemic, the continued need for investment in Changsha City, the internationalization of business, etc., and the need for more cash to support the recovery of supplier resources after the epidemic has improved, we believe that short-term non-redification is more conducive to the sustainability, healthy development and future uncertainty of the company, and that the follow-up company will continue to attach importance to the distribution of cash.
The Department's overseas revenues of $3.57 billion remained almost the same as in the same period last year, at 8.2 per cent for overseas operations, and the continued spread of the overseas epidemic will have some impact on the offshore demand for industrial machinery in the second quarter, but will have a more limited impact on companies, short-term adjustments in overseas markets will also allow more time for internationalization of companies, and purchases from Europe and the United States of America are required, such as concrete pump chassis, among the company's main products, but the company is now well equipped and has 800 sets of chassis.
In the context of a global supply chain shutdown of no more than two months, we believe that the risk of a company breaking supply is low, with the bulk of cement mixers, towers, car cranes, etc. being home-grown and only a small number of large-ton spare parts to be imported. Companies’ performance is expected to be stable in the first quarter, with a high annual growth of over 30%.
After the global epidemic’s recent counter-cyclical adjustment policy has not only increased, but also increased the fiscal deficit, issued special national debt, increased local government debt, reversed interest rates, and increased earmarked debt as a proportion of capital.
A continuation of domestic policy stimulus is expected to increase further, with domestic demand more robust than the fall in short-term demand from abroad. Over the course of the year, the total demand for engineering equipment has decreased only before the outbreak hit, the industry will be more concentrated towards leading firms, and the performance of the industry will be more certain. Starting in mid-March, the industry is already in a high demand season, and sales are expected to rise further in April compared to the previous round.
Using the market price collection of 30 March 2020 as a criterion, the volume of industry sales is expected to continue to grow steadily throughout the two quarters, and is expected to remain low throughout the year, not excluding price-fixing for the following segment of the conference. With the deduction of share payments, we expect the company to achieve a high growth of over 30% in its performance throughout the year, if the next negative cycle is reversed.
The global epidemic is not as fast as expected, back-to-back work is not as fast as expected, industry competition is increasing, and capital and real estate investments are not as expected.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Yang Shao Fai