25q2 has a robust performance, with a fixed increase-coded hydroelectric project -- semi-annual evaluation of the energy power generation in 2025.
tb, the contribution of the additional loader of the hard beam; if this part of the power is removed, the amount of the 25q2 inventory power station is connected to the grid is the same as -8.55%. tb hydroelectric power station capacity of 1.4 million kw was fully operational in 2024; hard beam capacity of 1.116 million kw (3.6+4*27), of which 306,000 kw was put into production in late 24th year.
Two hundred and seventy-seven thousand kw came into production at the beginning of 25th year and the remaining two (2) thousand kw units have recently come into operation; at the end of the new fleet, the company has accumulated five hundred and sixty-six thousand kw, corresponding to two hundred and sixty-six thousand kw of 25h1.
Rapid growth-driven power increases; 25h1 wind power access is 238 million kwh, corresponding to 10.19 per cent; q2 q2 = 94 million kwh, corresponding to 10.48 per cent; photovoltage access power is 3,025 million kwh, corresponding to a narrow drop ring at a 25q2 degree power camp, or derived from a power structure factor.
+2.2, +3.6 pct. The impact of re-taxation and depreciation on water costs is partly offset by the impact of increased costs. 25h1, the company is operating at $5.184 million, or +6.50 or 316 million. Of this amount, it is affected by the re-taxation of water costs in Yunnan Province.
The cost of water, which was originally accounted for in operating costs, was adjusted to a turnover tax and ancillary items, resulting in operating costs of $251 million. With revenue and cost co-benefits, 25h1 companies had a Māori rate of $60.00 per cent, compared to +0.97 pct. The recommended increase was passed by the CSRC, which built a grided hydroelectric project to provide elastic growth in medium- and long-term dimensions.
The tb hydroelectric power station has been delivered, and the rm hydroelectric power station is scheduled to be operational in 2035. rm is a relatively deep 300 figure, and the hydroelectric power plant is located in the Tibetan part of the city, with an installed capacity of 2.6 million kw, with an annual adjustment capability and a downstream ladder.
In addition to rim, we're counting about 7.9 million kw, or 29% of the power installed at the end of 25h1, which is still available in the medium and long term.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my pay has not been paid in the past.
Downstream research. Used to work on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined China’s Galaxy securities in January 2022.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.