The acquisition of leoni as a car head tier1 speeds up growth from the inside to the inside, with a profit of 3,158 million (yoy+9.71%, qoq+13.74%).
Applesairpods4, watch10 and iPhone 16 incremental spare parts such as photo button module, vcm, structural pieces, fast growth of automobiles, nona and communications operations, s098052210003 acquired by the company at the end of last year
qovor is located in Beijing and Texas, where the sealed assets are fully integrated from 3q24 and the business structure continues to be optimized. Financial costs are highly volatile, and observationspro inputs are associated with uneven returns. 3024 cents s09805290005
In addition, the exchange rate evaluation gains/losses at the end of the month are accounted for.
Recurring gains and losses, while gains from foreign exchange hedging operations are accounted for in non-recurring gains and losses, accounting lines are attributed to 52 weeks of maximum/minimum price differentials resulting in q3 non-profit increases at a lower rate than the parent profit increases, and the firm ' s actual performance is robust.
The company announced on September 13 that it would buy 50.1% of the shares of the company and 100% of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Leonik, to speed up the process of globalization of the company’s automobile business and improve the global market’s combined competitiveness of the company’s car cord products.
Lenny is one of the world’s largest suppliers of cable, wire and beam system solutions, and products are widely used in the areas of automobiles, communications, medical equipment. This acquisition helped the company to work with Lenny in the areas of product development, market expansion, customer access, product layout, material procurement, etc.
Strategic synergies, while increasing its operational efficiency and innovation capacity in research and development, rapidly create a differentiated competitive advantage for companies in the sphere of global car wire beams, providing easier and more efficient vertical integration services for Chinese car companies in the sea, as well as for traditional car companies abroad.
Investment proposals: maintenance of profit forecasts and “better than the big market” ratings. Company-wide deep-down consumer electronics business, auto interconnection business, telecommunications business, and a high-growth period for automobile operations in the area of communications
Calculators, Auto-Intelligents have achieved precision cards in the wave, and we have long seen the company develop, and we have maintained that "Accurate Telecommunications (002475.sz)-The fruit chain taps re-start, cars and communications co-drive" The authors have assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author