Using consumer electronics as the base for the development of a new, well-informed (002475.sz) incident assessment report for automobiles and communications, the three-quarterly report for 2024 was published: the first three quarters of 2024.
Rendering of $9.075 billion, an increase of 23.06 per cent over the same period; increased performance of hepc@cfsc.com.cn 24q3 with a stable profitability
2024q3 achieved revenue of 73.579 billion yuan, an increase of 27.07 per cent over the same period, ai's power-consumption electronics, and the company's ability to bind offshore head customers is expected to hold, with the rapid development of the i's technology, the ai's moving towards the end, the mobile phone being the end.
One of the best terminal devices for the sideai landing is that the i phone is in the pre-industrial state. Apple launched its own generator, i.e., appleitage, at the wwdc2024 launch.
Tools, understanding the importance of the text, and evolution of the siri.
1. Precision (002475): Consumption of electricity and new demand for Xai for robust business growth. Gas is an important driver of cyclical growth in mobile sales, based on idc prognosis.
In 2024, China's market a total of 37 million mobile phones were delivered. In 2027, the sub-manufacturing sector built on solid product research and development capabilities and leading by itself.
Long and steady, ai catalyzing multi-business lines together with dynamic process development levels, efficient and sophisticated manufacturing capacity, and high-quality delivery.
A number of examples of excellence, such as standards, continue to capture the high ratings of core clients and 3, "Standing Stewardship" (002475): "Consumption of electricity to open a new chapter of the story."
We think the company's potential to consume electronics in the ai-enhanced.
• The acquisition of Lenny's extended automobile business, where communications are progressing beyond expectations.
In September, the company announced the acquisition of Lenny, a professional in the development, production and production of beam systems and car cables.
Prominent sales firms with mature players in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Americas and Asia, along with long-standing and stable partnerships with mainstream global clients, this acquisition can boost the company's R & D/procurement resources, client channels and the world.
With regard to communications, the company's communications portfolio has progressed beyond expectations this year, and it has entered into the global supply pool for mainstream cloud producers and equipment applications.
Clients carry out research and development in technologyless areas, such as the 448g platform high-speed interconnectivity program. With the accelerated landing of national and international cloud producers, we believe that communication plate operations are expected to significantly increase corporate profitability over the next 2-3 years.
At the same time, the Automobile and Communications Business Block is expected to create a new increase in corporate performance and maintain an “enhanced” investment rating. Macroeconomic risks, less than expected product R & D, and increased industry competition
Electronic communication group: Chuzheng University, Master of Materials, three years of US semiconductor listing experience, participated in the world.
Leading semiconductor company advanced process project, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, held in Go Yonghau from 2018 to 2020: Dr. Physics, University of Gangdan, successively employed in China Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Lu Dzhoyang: Master ' s degree, National University of Australia, held in Fangzheng Securities, four years ' experience in research, 2023.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.