q3 meets expectations and guides robust growth throughout the year.
Incident: The company ' s operating income for the first three quarters was RMB 177.7 billion, an increase of 13.67 per cent over the same period; net profit for the first three quarters was RMB 90.75 and net profit for the second quarter was RMB 8,117 million, respectively, an increase of 23.06 per cent and q3 per cent, respectively, compared with expectations, which guided a steady increase throughout the year. The company ' s revenue for the third quarter was RMB 73.579 billion.
At the lower limit of the near-performance forecast, the exchange rate evaluation gains and losses at the end of the month are included in the recurrent gains and losses and the foreign exchange hedging operation gains are included in the impact of the non-recurrent gains and losses.
In terms of profitability, the company q3 single-quarter gross points. Looking ahead, in median terms, the company guides the year-round net return to the mother, the deduction of the net return to the mother, the consumption of electronics and communications, and the full third-generation trend for automobiles.
Services: Client sideai products are fast landing, end product sales are expected to boost, and product zero component specifications and values are expected to increase further. Companies can provide root (ttm) from global head customers.
Parts and components, module-to-system solution one-stop service, with a strong vertical integration capability, are expected to expand the product range and increase its share.
The dual drive of component plus system-level products has been developed as a strategy based on the accumulation of deep technology in products such as electrical connection, light connection, power supply, wind cool/liquid cold radiation, radio frequency, etc., and complete solution service systems such as cabinet interconnections, interlocking cabinets, servers, switchboards, base station radio frequency, etc., with copper connecting projects
The technology and landing capabilities have reached global leadership and have been recognized by mainstream clients, and there is much room for follow-up. Automobile business: With experience in consumer electronics, companies have formed a matrix of products such as car wires, connectors, smart cabins, smart drivers, etc. that will benefit fully from automobile power.
(b) Motivation, networking, intellectualization trends. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a the share reference is 300 indexes of depth; the new three-board reference is three-board guide.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.