Performance growth robustly expected aiphone cycle Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 26 October 2024, Quarterly Report 2024, 3rd quarter of the company
Realization of revenue of 17.718 billion yuan, an increase of 13.7 per cent over the same period, a net return of 9.07 billion yuan to the mother, an increase of 73.58 billion yuan for the 3q24 quarter, an increase of 27.1 per cent over the same period, an increase of 43.7 per cent over the ring, and a net return of 3.68 billion yuan to the mother during the single quarter, an increase of 21.9 per cent over the same period.
25.8 per cent net profit from single-quarter non-mortality of $3.16 billion, an increase of 9.7 per cent over the same period, ring growth and robust corporate performance, with the expectation that the alphone-type cycle would grow very robustly in the first three quarters of 2024, while also predicting full performance.
At this point in time, we think we can look forward to next year’s dual-interlocking innovation cycle of the iphone update +ai system. Looking back at iphone’s two major changes in design language, two supertypes.
Cycle - iphone6 and iphone12:1) iphone6 was released in September 2014 as an apple 's first-generation round-angle design machine, and pushed out the plat version of the big screen, selling over 100 million copies (counterpoints) six months after it was released
According to this report, Apple ' s iphone business revenue for the fiscal year 2015 was $155.0 billion, a significant increase of 52% over the same year. (Apphone year from the beginning of October to the end of September) 2) iphone12 was released in October 2020, and side design is back to square.
At this point in time, the iphone 17 design language is expected to re-emerge, or it will be launched lightly.
We think we can look forward positively to growing together next year in a three-wheeler, looking forward to a one-way wave, an iphone17 starting a supercycle, which will drive the company's business beyond expectations.
2. Advanced information: Business plates have expanded in length and breadth, new markets have become more competitive, technology has not developed as much as expected, and large clients have not been able to sell as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.