Quality corporate review report (002475). Year-round performance is on track. Communication & Automobile business is on track.
In the area of consumer electronics, we believe that mobile phone assembly will be flexible enough to contribute to the profit end of the year.
On the one hand, benefiting from the same increase in the value of the company's iphone 16 high-end single machine, on the other hand, we believe that 58-60 million shipments are expected to be made this year in the iphone 16 series, on the basis of which the net return profit from the 24-year company's mobile phone build-up business is expected to be +26%.
Businessally, the company, as a assembler, has a significant development cost in the early period, which has a certain amount of delay at the profit end and a continuing impact on the profit end. The initial one-time input has been phased out, and in the area of communications, the company continues to benefit from a deep technological build-up, as well as a catalytic one-time visitor.
In the area of automobiles, the company has formed a multi-purpose product of car wires, connectors, smart cabins, smart driving, etc.
We're expected to continue to benefit from the revenue growth of China on the line next year, and we're expected to sustain 50 per cent growth in 24 years of automobile revenue.
Despite the slowdown in domestic distribution, it is still expected that Ios will be pushed around the globe to report a sustained increase in communications and automobile operations and an increase in the consumption of electronic Maori.
The series is starting to be ready, which is expected to further leverage the positive impact on the supply chain. We predict corporate risk 2024-down: slow global economic recovery, increased competition for home-grown mobile phones, risk to supply chain policy by large customers, risk to internal management from business expansion. Upward risks; and sustained improvements in global macroeconomics.
Environment; acceleration of the process of personalization of mobile phones; overpredictable sales of xr; index of sales of new apparelable products; Hong Kong market benchmark is the Helium Index, the United States market benchmark is the Pure 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is the three-point index (for protocol transfers) or the three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North delivery benchmark index is the 50 North Index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts