Performance ratings for the first three quarters of 2024: robust performance growth, deepening the profile of the ai and automobile industries
The revenue was 177.2 billion yuan, an increase of 14 per cent in the same year, 9.1 billion yuan in the net return to the mother, an increase of 23 per cent in the same year, $8.1 billion in the net return to the mother, an increase of 15 per cent in the same year, of which 73.6 billion yuan in the first quarter of the third quarter, an increase of 27 per cent in the same year, $3.7 billion in the net return to the mother, an increase of 22 per cent in the same year, a deduction from the net return to the mother
$3.2 billion in profits, a 10% increase in the same year. At the same time, the company issued a year-round performance forecast for 2024, which foresees that the consumer electronics business will benefit fully, and that the core clients will gain in performance: idc predicts that global smartphone sales will increase by 5.8% in 2024.
The market share of mobile phones is expected to reach 18%, up 344% from the same year, and I'm the growth driver at the heart of the consumer electronics industry. Apple phones are officially online this week, while looking forward to the next year's iPhone 17, which is expected to be a new engine and a new look.
Core technological innovation is expected to lead to a new wave of powerful changes, and the company is expected to benefit fully as a core supplier of the entire Apple phone assembly and zero-components.  Long-term growth in e-engineer e-dependency: in September 2024, the company announced the acquisition of Lenión.
Division, Lenny is the global head provider of cable, wire and beam system solutions, covering a wide range of industries, such as auto manufacturing, communications, and medical equipment. The acquisition of Lennie is one of the major initiatives in corporate motor business, internationalization, and is conducive to the formation of company wire beams around the world.
Differences in areas have led companies to achieve the goal of becoming the world’s top 10 suppliers. As global recognition of China’s electric smart cars has gradually increased, the company’s internal and external expansion of the electronic layout of automobiles has given them strong growth dynamics.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We are looking at the pull of the AECP to the company's consumer electronic business, maintaining a profit forecast for the company, which is expected to return to its parent net profit in 2024-2026.
Performance rating: steady and high performance, i.e., accompaniment fruit chain.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.