The acquisition of car cable giants to speed up the globalization of the layout of the car business: the announcement issued on September 14 about the acquisition of shares of leoniag and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, through which the company intends to buy leoniag (Commander Lenny) through this equity deal
50.1% of the shares and 100% of the 100% of the shares of the fully-owned company Lenikabelgmbh (Leonik). The well-informed fully-funded subsidiary Hong Kong Communications and Holdings brings together technology to create Singapore, which will buy 100% of the shares of the leonik at a trade price of €320 million.
The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Singapore, will purchase 50.1% of the shares held by leoniags at a transaction value of €205 million, while the remaining 49.9% of the shares held by leonig will continue to be held by l2-beteiligungs.
The company’s purchase of the subject-matter of the transaction is a global supplier of cable and beam system solutions, covering a number of industries such as automobile manufacturing, communications, and medical equipment.
It comprises two major core operations: AutomotiveCableResolutionsdivision (acs operations or AutoCables) andwiringsystemdivision (wsd operations or “wiring systems industries”). Of these, the main operators of acs operations are leonik, wsd.
Total equity/flow (billions of shares) is mainly operated by the other fully-owned company, Léonibordnetzesystem (leonib). Prior to the transaction, Léonib owned four full-time acs operations.
The highest/lowest price within 12 months of the end of the year, the subsidiaries, inc., inc., inc., inc., incable s.a.dec.v. and indecable dechihuas.a., to ensure the smoothness of the transaction.
In return, the sole shareholder of the leoniag, 122-beteiliggungsgmbh, will enable the four above-mentioned departments to complete the reorganization of the assets of their subsidiaries on the basis of the business plate prior to the handing over of the shares. According to the bulletin, by consolidating the supply chain, markets, etc. that the acquired companies have accumulated for years abroad, they will be self-employed.
Globalization has been able to empower companies to operate overseas, further enhancing the competitiveness and localization of firms. And, while the short-term profitability of the acquired companies is weak, we believe that it is possible to improve continuously by developing synergies with their own business once the companies have gained managerial control over the acquired companies.
The company acquired the old German car cable giants and actively restructured the acquired firms, showing the strategic layout of the company’s globalized layout in the area of automobiles, which we expect to be in 2024-26.
The Pacific Academy of South-West Side, Beijing City, 2nd Platoon D, 9th North Street, 7th Floor.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.