Performance in line with expectations, Ia full enabling business development 30 October 2024 Event: 25 October 2024 3rd Quarterly Report published on record and firm 2024 3rd Quarterly
\triangleright’s performance in the third quarter is as expected and the profitability ring continues to rise. The company follows the established “three-five-year” plan, with continuous consolidation of the electronic business base on the one hand, and full use of the communications business, the automobile industry, on the other.
In terms of product structure, firms have integrated resources across domains, promoted efficient synergies between consumer electronics, communications, automobiles, etc., and continued expansion of existing operations, further deepening vertical integration of the industrial chain, and active deployment of new products, new technologies.
In terms of profitability, 2024q3 has a Māori rate of 11.75%, yoy-2.01 ptt, qoq-0.94 ptt, mainly a company-owned subsidiary with sophisticated technology (Saline City) Ltd., subject to client intelligence 1.
Quarterly performance forecast: high-quality performance growth, overall cost management and higher R & D costs.
\triangleright continuously pushes mobile phones, pc, xr, wearable devices and iot devices like smart homes, smart offices, etc. 24-year-long quarterly reviews: steady growth in performance, 24h1
Face change; in communications operations, companies continue to contract power connections, light connections, cold/liquid radiating heat, power source 4. Explicit (002475.sz) event evaluation: acquisition of q management, radio frequency, etc., with sample testing and volume products reaping full recognition and high levels of internal and external head-to-head client approval
In addition, in the area of high-speed data-centre interconnection, the company has successfully developed 112g, 224g, or even 448g-related interconnectivity products. The gb200nvl72 suite can provide about $2.09 million.
In the case of automobile operations, the annual report provides an overview of the performance: performance against expectations, three or four quarters of the year.
In the area of ring viewing upwards - 2023/10/24, deep strategic partnerships with head office and car brand clients, both inside and outside the country, full layout of car lines, beams, connectors, smart cabins, smart driving, etc.
The company’s performance is expected to increase further as the share of mobile phones in assembly continues to increase, the customer outreach of automobiles and communications, and the volume of new items are released. The “recommended” rating is maintained.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.