The first three quarters saw a 129% increase in net profit from the previous quarter, high branding and export contributions, a 129% increase in net profit from the previous quarter, and a strong lead-car business performance.
Gross operating income was 42.23 billion yuan, an increase of 58 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers was 21.4 billion yuan, an increase of 129 per cent in the same year. In the third quarter alone, Biadi achieved total operating income of 162.2 billion yuan, an increase of 38 per cent in the same year, an increase of 16 per cent in the ring; net return to mothers was 10.4 billion yuan, an increase of 82 per cent in the same year and 53 per cent in the ring.
In terms of cellular components and assembly operations, it benefits from the share of large customers overseas, and the continued rapid growth of services such as warmer demand, new energy vehicles and new smart products.
The profit margin has increased on a par with the ring, increasing investment in R & D marketing. By the third quarter of 2023, Māori Ben of Biadey, accompanied by high-end brands and complementary product matrices such as lookout, push, equation leopards, etc., export sales have continued.
In terms of cost rates, the company ' s R & D cost rate was 5.91% in the first three quarters, 6.85% in the third quarter alone, which is an increase in the same ring ratio. The impact of intelligent driving on consumer health is increasing, and companies have strengthened the building of relevant R & D teams and are providing high-level intelligent driving.
Three-quarter sales grew by 53% over the same period, and the city led the running industry. Three-quarter sales increased by 53% over the same period, and the city led the running industry. By the first three quarters of 20,793,638 sales were made in Biadei, a 76% increase over the same period, with the new energy market accounting for 35%; of these, the sales of pure electricity/plug-in vehicles were respectively.
1048413/1021842 vehicles, an increase of 80/72 per cent in the same year. In the three quarters alone, sales in Biadi were 824001, an increase of 53 per cent in the same year, with 35 per cent in the new energy city; of these, pure electricity/plug-in vehicles, Viadi (002594.sz) -- robust growth in performance, continued promotion of high-end brand layouts
The sales volume was 431603/390491, a 67 per cent increase over the same period.
Bialdi's up-front u8 opened with a pre-sale price of $10.98 million. In August 2023, a car exhibition, an equation panther 5, was officially released, with a blind price range of $300,000-400,000.
Biadi (002594.sz) - Release of cloudy smart body control system, product matrix investment proposal: up profit forecast, maintenance of "buy-in" rating. By the logic of the main line, it's a deep layout 3 power technology with a strong market share that speeds up the high end.
In view of the size of the company and its ability to manage costs, we have increased the net profit from the parent as compared to 129%, and the company's performance has been strong. By the third quarter of 2023, Biadi achieved total business growth.
Revenues were 42.23 billion yuan, an increase of 58 per cent in the same year; net returns to mothers were 21.4 billion yuan, an increase of 129 per cent in the same year.
The profits are $10.4 billion, an 82% increase in the same year, and the ring 53% increase in the same year. Biadi continues to maintain a good level of profitability with a multi-positioned brand power, a sustained and expanded advantage, and a strong power to control the cost of the industrial chain. With regard to cellular components and assembly operations, it benefits from an increase in the share of large customers abroad and the warmth of Andre's customers, new energy cars and new ones.
In the first three quarters of 2023, Biadi’s Māori rate/net profit figure 5: Māori Bíadi’s rate and net interest rate
Figure 6: Biadi IV Rates In the three quarters alone, Biadi ' s Māori rate/net interest rate was 21.12 per cent and 6.71 per cent, respectively, compared to +3.16/+1.54, while the high-end brand completion product matrix was launched, and Māori rates were consistently better than net interest rates.
Three-quarter sales grew by 53% over the same period, with the city leading the run. Three-quarter sales grew by 53% over the same period, with the city leading the run. By the first three quarters of 2023, Biadey sold 2079638, or 76% over the same period, with the new energy market accounting for 35%.
Figure 10: Biyadi ' s share of the new energy-car market for the third quarter of the year alone, 824001 vehicles sold, an increase of 53 per cent over the same period, and 35 per cent for the new energy market; of these, 4316003/390491 vehicles sold for pure/plugged vehicles, an increase of 67 per cent/40 per cent, respectively.
In April 2023, the Shanghai Car Fair opened a pre-sale sale of u8 under the flag of Biadi, with two versions, luxury and off-road players, with a pre-sale price of $10.98 million, positioning high-end new energy vehicles for hard-to-land vehicles, and carrying quadrant technology and cloudy-p smart hydraulics.
Quadrant technology, capable of achieving such scenarios as maximum discipline, emergency floating, in situ turning and agility, bringing household security, performance and experience. u8 has a maximum power output of more than 1,100 horses, a 100-km acceleration, with a speed of 3.6s, a high power drive and precision control, giving u8 a super-high cross-country capability in Afghanistan.
The cloudy-p system is the exclusive smart hydraulic body control system for the world’s first new energy off-road vehicle. It allows for a high degree of self-regulation and looks at the u8 hangars at 150 mm, with a maximum water-related depth of 1,000 mm without water-related throats.
Improved vehicle passivity. Clouds-p has a level 3 rigidity, which discourages continuous self-adaptation, and allows for rapid intelligence to adjust to different road conditions. During aggressive driving, such as high-speed overturns, the body stability of the vehicle is raised to make it more controlled.
Ten thousand dollars, a month of blind booking, orders out of 20,000. Tightenn7 was built into the Biadi Group's forward-looking technology, built on platform 3.0. Upgraded from platform e, with a global first volume of eight-in-one power generation, with a combined maximum power of 230kw, combined power system efficiency of 90% +, combined.
The 160kw front-loader, which has a maximum power of 390kw power and a zero-percent acceleration of only 3.9 s. And a two-gun supercharged technology, with a maximum charge power of 230kw, combined with a smart pulse self-heating technology, is more suitable for a wider environment, with a longer time to reach a rated power than a 800-v high voltage recharge experience and a higher charge.
A 15-minute supplement of 350 km and a four-minute recharge of 100 km. A seven-minute ride on a smart cabin, smart chassis, smart driving three major smart technologies.
-a smart air body control system (standard version), which gives the whole car great comfort, calmness, support, and passability, professional track, city multivigilities, and bumpy road surfaces, and it's a long way out.
Thirty-three sensors, including 8 million front video cameras, combined with smart-driving domain control platforms, achieve a variety of scene support functions, such as urban navigation aids, high-speed navigation aids, vp passenger parking, making newcomers old drivers, and allowing more security to travel.
On August 16th, 2023, Biadi hosted a global launch at Shenzhen's Global Headquarters of the Equator Leopard brand and technology launch. Biadi officially released the new energy profession's personalized Equator Leopard and exclusive core technology dmo super-mixed cross-country platform, and the Equator Leopard product matrix will cover different vehicle types such as suv, running cars, sedans, etc.
In the first series of brands, the large suv equation 5 was built on a dmo super-mixed cross-country platform, with a zero-hundred acceleration of 4.8 seconds, with a combined range of 1,200 km, with a new energy exclusive cloudy smart body control system, with a completely new hybrid non-carrying architecture. The equation 5 was divided into cloudy and standard versions, which satisfied both outdoor and urban travel.
The launch will be synchronized with the release of Leopar8 concept car Super8 and Leopard 3, which together with the panther 583 hardliners, perfecting the product matrix to cover a wider cross-country user group at a wider price.
In view of the fact that Biadei has maintained a good level of profitability since 2023, thanks to the branding power of multiple bits, the advantages of continued expansion, and strong cost-control capabilities of the industrial chain.
The rise in the share of major customers overseas and the continued high growth of the demand of Andre's clients, new energy vehicles and new smart products, optimized business structures and improved profitability. We decided to go up to Biadi's profit forecast. We have a stable cost rate in recent years, and since 2023, we have invested more in autopilot research and development.
The investment proposal is to raise the profit forecast and maintain the “buy-in” rating. By the logic of the main line, it is to go deeper than the three-power technology, the new energy vehicle technology is strong, the market share is strong, and speeds up the process of high-end transformation and the goods.
The China-Sea Process has further increased the company's development ceiling; the feeder logic is higher than the Yadi Blade Battery with high density, good security, and is expected to contribute to the growth of performance. We have raised profits, the authors have assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, and by reasoning judgment and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author