A detailed reading of the decline in the Beijing Bank’s semi-annual report in 2020. But the decline is much smaller than the average of commercial banks’ 11bp and urban comptoir’s 9bp over the same period, largely because of higher levels of active indebtedness.
Faced with interest differentials, the company speeded up the restructuring of its assets and liabilities and increased its share of higher-yielding loans. The share of interest-bearing assets at the end of the second quarter rose from 52.35 per cent at the beginning of the second quarter to 52.47 per cent at the end of the second quarter, further disillusioning the assets.
• Core indicators are superior to those of peers, with higher risk resilience, with an increase of 7bp to 1.54 per cent at the end of the season, but still well below the levels of 1.94 per cent for commercial banks and 2.30 per cent for urban businesses during the same period. Provision coverage fell by 10.61pc to 219.95 per cent at the end of the season, which is higher than for business during the same period.
The firm’s assets, despite the pressure, remain at a reasonable level, with an advantage vis-à-vis its counterparts, and the valuation is far below the urban comptoir’s average. For the first time, the coverage is “recommended” rating.
Asset quality fluctuations, declining interest rates in the centre, and less than expected economic recovery.1 The profitability performance was comparable to that of the industry, with commercial banks showing a 9.41% decline in net profits over the same period.
15.79pc, mainly due to the increased size of the provision and the shift in the net difference from positive to negative, both of which are the main positive effects of the changing industry environment, the decline in the effective income tax rate and the expansion of interest-producing assets. If the provision factor is removed, account is taken of the company’s “real” performance, operating income for the first half of the year and profit fractions before the provision.
But the net difference is much less than the fall in commercial banks 11bp and the city comptoir 9bp during the same period, showing a greater degree of resistance. This is largely due to the company’s relatively high share of active debt, which has significantly reduced the cost of debt by taking advantage of this year’s flat interest rate.
The yield ratio is 36.28%, which remains at the top of the list of banks. Future end-of-debt cost pressures are expected to continue to benefit from lower-cost levels of corporate debt.
Figure 3: The share of active debt of banks in Beijing is at the top of the list (indicated by the end of q1 with more comprehensive data), with 23.82% of retail deposits at the end of the second season, an increase of 65bp at the end of the previous year, and a steady increase in the retail transition.
Decreases from 47bp to 7.95 per cent and 6.43 per cent, respectively, compared to the end of the previous year, while low-risk rental and business services, real estate, and core indicators are superior to those of peers and are more resilient to risk, with a 1.54 per cent corporate disadvantage at the end of the season, an increase of 7bp compared to the end of the first season, but still well below the 1.94 per cent of commercial banks and urban traders during the same period
At a rate of 2.30%, it is in the middle of the list of banks. The provision coverage is down by 10.61 pct from the end of the season. Although the proportion of non-performing loans that are more than three months overdue is 25.65 pct to 85.53% higher than at the end of the previous year, it is still in the same condition that, although the incidence of poor and hidden non-performing loans is under pressure, the indicators are still at a reasonable level, at the same level.
Figure 6: Bank interest rate in Beijing, deviations from non-performing loans
At the end of the second quarter, the firm’s core-level capital adequacy rate, the first-level capital adequacy rate and the capital adequacy rate fell by 44bp, respectively, and the company’s current capital level was largely sufficient to meet the target requirements.
The valuation is much lower than the urban comptoir's average. For the first time, coverage is given with a “recommended” rating.
Work experience in leasing, private fund-raising, securities and banking. Has been involved in research in finance, domestic electricity and the coloured sector. Has worked in the Bank of China, joined the author in 2019 with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from a compliance channel. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.