Xinhua Insurance (601336): Three-quarterly review in 2017.
Incidents: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2017, with net profit attributable to the parent ' s shareholders achieved in the first 3 quarters $5.04 billion, an increase of 5.3 per cent from the same period, corresponding to an eps of $1.62 per share; belonging to the parent company Ma Xiangyun
▪ Increased warming of investments + reduced impact of taxes and fees, with the emergence of a zero-for-book performance: net profit for the first three quarters of the company increased by 5.3 per cent over the previous quarter, performance was established (2.9 per cent down in the first half of the year), and Wang was saved
Mainly, the investment end continues to warm, generating investment returns of $26.78 billion, an increase of 7.6 per cent over the previous half-year, a slight decline in corporate income tax growth, a weakening of the impact of taxes and fees in the last three quarters, and a positive impact on positive performance growth. Companies are taking the initiative to restructure their operations and move forward with determination.
In the context of a slight shift, which has led to a decline in overall premium revenues, a negative shift in performance has contributed to improved market expectations and enhanced market confidence in the prospects for a transformational growth of the company. The pace of increase in payouts has increased, and strategic transformation and effectiveness have continued to outpace expectations: companies
Since 2017, business restructuring has continued, with the elimination of hand-overs in the annual plan, focused roll-overs and significant transformations. In the first three quarters, the share of new company policy premiums in total new policy premiums reached about 88.2 per cent, a significant increase of about 43 pct. and a 10-year increase in the corresponding ratio.
In recent years, the size of the premium has risen to 57.2 per cent of the total new policy premium. In the first three quarters of the period, the premium increased by 35.7 per cent to the same year. In the case of silver insurance, the size of the short-lived product has been reduced by 99.8 per cent.
The result was a 51.8 per cent to 16.83 billion yuan decline in premiums on a year-on-year basis, with a decline in premiums for new policies, an income perspective, influence of MSPR 134 in the third quarter, product conversions by insurance companies, and a generally slower increase in premiums, but a higher rate of revenue for new insurance premiums on company business.
A full upturn over the first half of the year highlights the extent to which corporate strategic transformations are stronger and more effective than expected. The transformation enhances long-term profitability, and will drive business values steadily to rise in the future: 1) In a low-profit environment, strategic shifts in corporate kick-off + contraction will be significant and will be effectively controlled
Debt-end capital costs + savings from low-value operations to capital consumption and long-term profitability gains for companies. 2) Reviewing the first half of the year, the value of the company ' s new business grew by 28.8 per cent to $7,153 million, profit projections and investment ratings: the company ' s performance has been reversed, life insurance values have steadily increased, and
Strategic transition continues, with a sustained strategic transformation process, with more than expected success of the “development phase, compressed turn-over” strategy and a full roll-out of the business growth rate
Xinhua Insurance: 1.03 times 2018 pev in 2017, keeping a “buy-in” rating in view of the outlook for the transformation of the company.
(c) The strategic transition has resulted in continued pressure on the size of the short-term premium. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee