Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh/1336.hk)
Xinhua Insurance recently opened the day at Xiamen to exchange information on the company's current transformation and future directions. Over the past two years, Xinhua has been in a state of transition: more pay-offs, fewer rolls, more insurance, more silver, and more optimized insurance structures.
The process provides a good basis for a better future, with a low valuation (currently 18 years of pev is only to be tested, insurance products are to be rigidized in the context of rising incomes of the population, premium market 134 is to be returned to the source, and Xinhua is to be found: 34 is to have a better impact in 2018 than it is in 2018.
Large, the most significant of these is an annuity-type product, which used to be a quick return, e.g. 20% in a year's worth of living cash, which was provided for in document 134 after five years. In 2018, the affected owners, if they were small and medium-sized companies, relied on short-lived companies.
Regulatory policy, which should be less influential than other companies, has been absorbed so far, and in terms of health risks (Sinhua three become health risks), No. 134, does not allow for health risks.
How does it matter that companies take health risk development as a central driver, such as health-freeness and multi-fold insurance, and that health risk development is strong? Moreover, companies are now largely determined to increase the share of institutional investors in the flow of a share of additional risk?
Risk strategies, hospitalization and outpatients are additional, with few major risks developed in 2018, but many additional risks. Xinhua Insurance currently has a low product addition rate of 0.2%, short-board and potential market, Xinhua 27 million clients, and if 10% of them have additional risks, there's plenty of space.
Insurance, health insurance, cheap insurance, and high-security products will be popular. The size of the workforce is expected to expand by 36% in 2018, with quality at its core: Xinhua Insurance has been changing since 2016, and the insurance is gradually improving.
Tactics, instead of raising the kpi target for the workforce, by 2017, the performance rate was 50%, by the end of September, 22% by 22%, and the size of the workforce grew by 36%, reaching 450,000 people.
Increased training and increased retention of newcomers. Investment is still steady: after the nineteenth anniversary, the market is looking at the future and even the medium and long term, the stock market is growing gradually, and there has been no major change in Xinhua’s investment overall, in terms of asset structure.
Xinhua has always been very robust in its history. The basic idea of equity investment has remained the same. Xinhua has also been committed to building its core strength, while at the same time considering its configuration.
In the old two-digit growth rate, companies expect new business values to grow by two-digit growth in the future. On the effective business side, performance is stable, this year double-digit growth, and the company is optimistic about future value growth in the context of the company’s retention rate.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: