The new model, the new media, the new media, has created the biggest urban media in the country.
1. The upscaling of products/services is a major trend.
Development and operation of the main products, including the building media (including the production of a large number of generic and vertical saas enterprises, such as the tool software enterprise Adobe and the elevator television and elevator poster media), the cinema screens
Advertisement and terminal media, etc., covering urban mainstream autodesk and electric traders Saas, shopfy and business video newsletters Saas, work scenes, living scenes, entertainment scenes of the consumer population
Zoom: Toc product/service up-links give birth to multi-billion-dollar-valued businesses, such as consumer scenes, which are integrated into the life-cycle media network Amazon and Alibaba in the electricity sector, local life service groups, and so on.
(2) Onlineization is a restructuring of the business model of the former industry. Specifically, it often has the effect of expanding the scope of the market, reducing operating costs and optimizing free cash flows over the next three to six months.
Businesses in transition or innovation are also often able to grow significantly. Debt payments and cross-equity presentations: (3) In the sub-sector of building media, the mass media are being digitalized as industry leaders.
In September 2019, public-media smart advertising and publishing systems went online, marking companies moving from digitization to digitalization, with firm values of large 2 in the short and medium term, and outdoor advertising actively exploring online.
Millions of dollars. The reason behind this is that, in addition to the fact that the outdoor media always cover the inner circle of the audience, it is also that the global outdoor media is in a process of digitization. (2) The leading outdoor media advertising companies in China and the United States are largely digitized.
Advertisement companies have a business model similar to that of the domestic media. In 2019, the Lamar Corporation had 1,578,000 traditional advertising spots, with a revenue of $48.19 million, and the digital outdoors were about 3,500, with a revenue of $57.52 million, representing 54 per cent of the 2.2 per cent of the digital outdoors.
A similar feature of the news media is that in 2019, the number of elevators and television outlets under the banner of the press was 28%, contributing 58% of the revenue.
(002027) The new model, the new valuation (3), is beginning to yield results. From 2015 to date, the global Internet giant Google, the Outdoor Advertising Big Deguer Group, the Clear Channel, the Divisional Media, and the new Outdoor Advertising Company, Movingwals, the Trail Media, are all exploring out-of-door advertising sites and exploring procedurally buying and posting off-site media resources.
As one of the most important features of outdoor advertising, the media, as industry leaders, have taken the lead in the digital age by connecting the many points under the flag.3 The media have been transformed from digital to digital.
The building media segment process (sales, postings, monitoring) will be upgraded to optimize: (1) support the placement of ads by the public on-line; (2) reduce the cost of site-based transports; and (3) achieve a 1,000-storey new industry.4 The public media actively promote online trade in building advertisements.
In January 2020, the public advertising and publishing system was completed in depth with Ali ' s mother (Aribaba ' s marketing service and data management platform), and the external dsp platform was reached online: in September 2020, the company advertising and publishing system gradually opened up to authorized agents.
The online trading model that is currently being explored by the public does not incorporate exposure into the price system, which is one of the main differences with the Internet-based competitive advertising model. On the other hand, companies used to have different prices for actual sales of elevator television network packages and poster framework packages, and now promote online trading requires standardized pricing of media resources that are sold on time.
The saas model provides a new perspective for our researchers. The saas model transforms the software delivery model into an online service model; the saas media break through the online posting of building advertisements, both of which belong to the Tob business. These are the two greatest similarities. In fact, the saas business model is also thousands.
The company’s growth rate is positively correlated with sales prices, the number of advertisers, the sticky nature of the ads. The company is now moving from digital to linear dataization and process conversion, the value of individual points and the rate of re-investment in advertising are not expected to change significantly in the short term.
The current valuation of the public media is still undervalued. The company’s valuation repair is expected to go through two phases: 1) the rapid growth-driven company valuation repair: 2) the new business model of the smart web matures and is accepted by the advertisers, and the valuation system will shift from the traditional media advertising channel to the Saas company’s valuation. The first phase, the company’s valuation in 2021 was 35 timespe, the corresponding share price was 11.55; and the second phase, the label saas, was valued 50 times the value in 2021 (16 times ps).
(1) The advertising market has not recovered as expected; (2) the new business has not progressed as expected; (3) the competition pattern has not improved significantly; (4) the risk of irregularities in advertising content; (5) the media; the risk of changes in resource leasing.
Eung Heung Securities Insight Report (002027): New model, new valuation 1. Product/service upscaling is a trend
Products/services in many industries around the world are in the process of being online. Tob products/services on-line have led to the creation of a large number of generic and vertical saas enterprises, such as tool software companies Adobe and autodesk, and electric traders Saas enterprises shopy and business video newsletters saas enterprises zoom; toc products/services on-line have given birth to multi-billion-dollar companies, such as Amazon and Alibaba in the electric sector, and local life.
"Shoppinanddest"
In particular, it often expands the size of markets, reduces operating costs, and optimizes self-directed cash flows. Thus, businesses that transform or innovate on the line can often grow dramatically. (1) The saas model changes traditional software delivery patterns to online service models, typically with American-based salesforce and Chinese friends.
The market value of Salesforce grew from $3.7 billion to over $170 billion between 2004 and 2020, and a multi-billion renminbi-valued enterprise grew from a friendly network model of saas.
The new model, the new valuation (2), recreated the traditional local life service model into an online service model. Between 2010 and 2020, the United States Mission grew into an Internet enterprise with a market value of more than 1.3 trillion yuan.
In September 2019, the secret media industry, where the mass media are leading the industry, evolved from digitalization to digitalization and programming. In September 2019, the public media smart advertising and publishing system was online, marking companies moving from digitalization to digitalization, with the company’s short-term potential for financial intelligence in the East.
Outdoor advertising is actively exploring the up-scaling of advertising, which is driven by digitalization, which is the only traditional type of media that can sustain the growth in advertising compared to the media such as television, print and radio. According to Magna, worldwide outdoor advertising revenue increased at a compound rate of 4.1 per cent a year from 2010 to 2018.
In 2018, it reached $31 billion. The reason behind this is that, apart from the fact that the outdoor media consistently cover the under-the-line life circle of the audience, the global out-of-door media has been around 7% for a number of years. Of this, digital outdoor media advertising in the United Kingdom reached 50% of total outdoor income in 2018, compared to 39% in China and 29% in the United States of America.
The new model, the new valuation, the digitalization of front-line media advertising companies in China and the United States. Lamar outdoor advertising companies in the United States are similar to those in the domestic media.
Business models. In 2019, Ramal’s traditional outdoor advertising spots were 15.7 million, yielding $48.19 million, and digital outdoor advertising spots were about 3,500, yielding $57.52 million, or 54 per cent, of the 2.2 per cent of the digital outdoors. The news media were similar, with the number of elevator television spots under the banner of the public media in 2019 accounting for 28 per cent, or 58 per cent.
There are many problems that need to be addressed if offline advertising is to be programmed in real time, like Internet advertising. New settlement models, such as location networking, online push, online monitoring, and volume-based settlements, are needed. From 2015 to date, the global Internet giant Google, outdoor advertising giants, well-known channels, popular media, and the emerging outdoor advertising company, movingwals, and silhouette media are all exploring outdoors.
Advertisement site networking, and explores the process of buying and posting online outdoor media resources. At present, building media, as one of the most important features of outdoor advertising, are leading the industry, connecting many points under the flag, and have already taken the lead in the digital age.
3. The mass media shift from digital to digital updating of elevator television to provide a hardware base for digitalization of the building ' s media. In 2016, the crowd began to push for cloud-based campaigns based on big data precision, and a new generation of elevator television was launched at the end of December, with the first updates covering four cities: Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen, replacing their original liquid crystals.
By the end of 2019, the company had spent about $2.2 billion on the purchase of a new generation of elevator television and completed the updating of the city elevator television on lines one, two, and three. The elevator television under the company’s flag has now been upgraded to a 27-inch, 32-inch-based high-intelligence screen with networking, location, face recognition, and payment functions.
Figure 10: In 2016-2019, the company updated the one-two-and-two-line city elevator television and we defined the public media smart advertising and publishing system to be in the digital phase of the company ' s print-in-theatre media operations. In the past, the company ' s print-out process was as follows: (1) the marketing department negotiated offers with customers and signed advertising protocols; (2) the media department was in the line of filming under contract.
Production: (3) production of film according to the list: (4) production of film after its completion requests the media department to conduct a review: (5) Media Operations Department can publish a cf card billboard at the appointed time; (6) third-party ctr is engaged to monitor and provide monitoring reports The company completes the upgrade of elevator television (hardware) and the process of placing and publishing the advertising system (software) on line, the original building media segment of the operation
The upgrade will be optimized (sales, publishing, monitoring).
3.1 Online surveillance advertisements are broadcast digitally to support the placement of online advertisements by the public. A new-generation elevator television (web version) supports wireless wifi/4g/wireline networking in a variety of ways.
A series of television spots are now available online. At the same time, they can monitor online the impact of advertising (the number of audiences and the length of viewing) and can be labelled and monitored.
Measuring data backstage databases online. This will be achieved by a new-generation elevator television set-up with video recognition systems made up of high sensitivity cameras, infrared detection systems, eight nuclear processors and three-dimensional image recognition systems, with cloud-end control, terminal positioning, sensor payment, face recognition, distance determination, hand-motion interaction, etc.
3.2 Reductions in the cost of site lifts. Dataization also has the advantage of reducing the cost of location-based feeders. The elevator advertisers in the channel rely on the bottom operator to replace content via a sd-plug. Under this model, as the dots expand, the number of drivers increases accordingly.
Plus. According to our estimates, in 2016, the company ' s own elevator television spots covered about 90 cities and areas throughout the country and paid about 40 million yuan for the transporter; in 2019, the company ' s own elevator television spots covered about 170 cities and paid about 883 million yuan for the transporter.
In the first half of 2020, the company began to optimize its security personnel, which led to a significant decrease in expenditure on their salaries. On the other hand, the company's first annual report, in 2017, disclosed that the operating costs included 4g flow costs for operators from advertising, and the company's reports, in 2018 and 2019, indicated that “the company uses a 4g network for advertising and monitoring advertising”.
Commercialization will save companies hundreds of millions of workers a year.
More importantly, the data help to divide the mass media into a thousand-storey new industries. Before the online distribution of advertising content, separate elevators have a relatively fixed business marketing model, and advertisers can choose only the dimensions of the city and the placement cycle. With the distribution of elevator television advertisements online, the location and temporal dimensions are released, which can be selected by the advertisers, leading to a new business model of “thousands of floors”.
How can the advertising of buildings be programmed, how can the advertising of buildings evolve? Between 2000 and 2010, the pc Internet advertising model was made up of cpt advertising, exhibiting contracts, ads, precision-directed advertising, general competitive advertising, which eventually led to a real-time bid.
The news media were set up in 2003 on the same starting line as the four main portals, and the commercial model of the ad is close, but it is still mainly based on the Cpt advertising model, which is sold over time. By reference to the logic of advertising on the line, the advertising model of the building’s media will eventually evolve into a real-time online transaction.
Eung Heung Securities In-depth Report (002027): New model, new valuation
Figure 14: Internet advertising and below-line media evolution indications, programmed transactions, precision orientation
Cpt ad doubleclick.
♪ Googleadwords bail league google ♪
ovgoogle, four main portals, search for ads.
The basic logic behind the current Internet program advertising is that: (1) the seller (the traffic owner) uses the program to connect the advertising traffic under the flag to the advertisement.
(b) When a user views a web page closes to the advertising slot, the page end produces an advertisement request and sends it to the ad trading centre, which distributes the advertisement bid to the already docked buyer (advertiser): (3) the buyer decides whether to bid the bid and the price according to the user ' s label matching and sends it to the advertisement trading centre: (4) the advertisement trading centre decides which buyer to bid by the value of the bid
It's done in 100 milliseconds. How does outdoor advertising get programmed? In 2015-2016, Google tested and put on outdoor advertising. Google uses its Internet end.
The basic logic is: buy out outdoor electronic billboards in some areas or work with outdoor advertising companies; when a user appears near an electronic billboard, the user's cell phone signal triggers Google's advertising system, which places matching ads on the basis of data from local weather, tourism information, adjoining shops and user's mobile phone online information.
On billboards near users. Google's attempts are currently not recognized by advertisers and are not yet commercialized. Figure 15: Process of competitive Internet-based advertising.
In January 2020, the public advertising and publishing system was completed and completed, and the company advertising and publishing system was gradually opened to authorized agents, allowing agents to perform on-line precision building and selection times, and in the light of the financial boom in the East.
The online trading model currently being explored by the public does not incorporate exposure into the price system, which is one of the main differences with the Internet-based competitive advertising model. On the other hand, companies used to have a different sale price for the elevator television network package than for the poster framework package, and now promoting online trading requires standardized pricing of media resources that are sold on time.
Figure 16: Distributed media smart advertising and publishing system access to the external dsp system 5. Why is the split new business like the saas model opening up to the outside dsp platform? The company currently has a single network of points for the selected time slots to set up a smart web operation.
As a whole, smart web operations can also be packaged to allow advertisers to select points and time periods, cover more fine particles, and individual customers sell smaller amounts for small and medium-sized advertising. The smart web is in the process of being opened, and the sales model is still in the exploration phase. We believe that smart web operations are open to external dsp platforms and develop mature business models.
Similar to the computer software saas model, which provides a new perspective for us to look at. The products/services of many industries around the world are in the process of being online, the saas model changes the software delivery model to an online service model; and the public media are breaking through to put the building ad online, both of which are tobs.
In fact, the business model of Saas is very different, but the good Saas division is common: in the long run, the company has good growth, certainty, profitability. For the public, the growth rate of the company’s revenues is directly related to the factors of sales prices, the number of advertisers, the proprietorship of advertisements.
Evolution, the value-added of individual points and the return rate of advertisers are not expected to change significantly in the short term, and the biggest driving force for company growth in short-term business will come from the rapid increase in the number of advertisers.
The new model, the new valuation, the smart web operation helps companies to open up small and medium-sized advertisers. Based on the data on the distribution of ads in a certain area accumulated between 2019 and 2020, it can be measured that the number of large advertisers is 10-15% compared to the estimated share of revenue in the distribution of elevators and television networks.
50%. We predict that, as the smart web business for small and medium-sized advertisers is gradually on track, the contribution of small and medium-sized advertisers to corporate revenue will increase and become a new growth point for companies.
In the long run, China’s advertising market generated more than $860 billion in 2019, of which the market was about $22 billion, and its long-term growth space was large, driven by new business patterns, such as advertising masters’ recognition of the performance of the ladder and data-processing procedures.
6. Profit forecasting and valuation (1) in 2020, the first quarter of company operations were affected by the epidemic, media operations in the second and third quarters of buildings were rapidly restored, and cinema media operations were flat throughout the year.
The overall harvest is expected to fall year-on-year; The source of the financial boom in the East; The Media (002027): The new model, the new valuation.
In our view, the current valuation of the public media is still undervalued. The company’s valuation repair is expected to go through two phases: (1) a rapid growth in performance driven the company’s valuation repair; (2) a new business model for the smart web is maturing and endorsed by advertisers, and the valuation system will shift from the traditional media advertising channel to the Saas company’s valuation.
(1) The advertising market has not recovered as expected: (2) the new business has not progressed as expected; (3) the pattern of competition has not improved significantly:
(4) The risk of irregularities in advertising content; (5) the risk of changes in the leasing of media resources.
The new model, the new valuation, the new source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the new media (002027), the new model, the new valuation.
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, Ishi Wei Jing, the research assistant.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The new model, the new valuation, does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report on the objective and fairness of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.