On 30 August, the upper-mortality group released the company ' s mid-2017 report. In the first half of 2017, the company earned $396.4 billion, resulting in a net profit of $15.958 billion to the mother, representing an increase of 5.96 per cent over the same period, net of non-recurring gains and losses.
In January-June 2017, the cumulative sales volume of the company increased by 5.76 per cent over the same period, with thousands of vehicles in the general public, an increase of 4 per cent over the same month, and 234,000 vehicles in the first half of the year, a significant increase of 113 per cent over the same period.
The cumulative sale of 1,013,000 vehicles in upper-air Mitsubishi was almost the same as in the same period last year. The company's performance met the expectations of the market and the product structure improved. The net profit after deduction increased by 12.21 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of improvements in the overall product structure of the company, which was driven by the up-scaling of the public and the upper-scaling common-product structure.
In the first half of 2017, the average public price rose to $125.2 million per vehicle and the same rate of revenue increased.
About 10 per cent, and about 136,000 dollars per vehicle per bicycle, an increase of about 0.140 million per vehicle over the same period last year. The main benefits are from high-priced motor vehicles, such as high-priced vehicles such as high-end and high-priced ones, which boost the product structure of the high-volume public and increase the profitability of the bicycle.
In the first half of the year, the average cost of the vehicle was about $119,000 per vehicle, and the profit of the vehicle was about $10.8 million, while the cumulative sales of the first half of the year increased by about 4% over the same year, a steady increase. In the first half of the year, the revenue was $103.150 billion, an increase of more than 70%, and in the first half of August, the average sales of the car was about 12,000 vehicles, with a cumulative increase in the first half of the year.
Autonomous brands: The first half of the year is clearly off track, and next year is expected to be profitable. The cumulative sale of 23.36 million auto-owned brands in January-June 2017 increased 113 per cent by the same year, the first half of the year was 24.8 billion yuan, and the price of single cars was about $106,000, a slight increase over the same period last year.
In the first half of the year, the car lost about $1.5 billion, a reduction over the same period last year. Since the second half of last year, the company has been publishing a mix of power and power in rx5, a mix of i6 and power in the car, and a top-notch ei6 and a top-notch suv, and a very good market feedback from the market.
In addition, the luminous concept car, the “light wing” , has been initially completed as an Internet car 2.0 product. We believe that in the second half of the year, auto ownership will be further reduced, and that the overall volume of cars sold in 2017 will be less than expected, and that new energy vehicles will not be promoted as expected.
Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree from the People ' s University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute. For 20 years, in the seller ' s research industry, the author of the sales team of the Institute of Securities and Securities has been qualified or qualified in securities investment consultancy by the Chinese Securities Association and has ensured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.