The company released a fast-track production and sales report in June, which yielded 517,000 vehicles in June, and a modest increase in the same rate, with a higher than expected public sales volume.
17.48 million vehicles, representing an increase of 19.71 per cent over the same period, an increase of 14.94 per cent over the ring, and a higher than expected sales performance. We believe that the strong performance of the upper-air mass sales is due to the positive performance of the company's prior stock run and the recovery of car sales, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, the general public, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, there was a positive increase of the average.
The new SUV model, with its strong sales performance in Vision I, Leon, and Kodiac, is contributing to a new increase in sales for the commons. It is expected that the popular brand will rise further in the second half of the year, with a significant increase in profitability.
. ..in June, it was 15.2 million vehicles, a 3.79 per cent increase in the same year, a 7.56 per cent increase in the ring, and a strong performance in the first half, with English, Ankowi and gl8, respectively.
In the second half of the year, general sales and profitability will continue to improve as the New King and the mpv type gl6 are on the market.
Autonomous brand sales have continued to grow on a year-on-year basis, and the ring has declined. In June, the stock market performance (the last year) reached 341,000, an increase of 83.16 per cent in the same year, with cumulative sales in the first half of the year.
23.36 million vehicles, an increase of 112.99 per cent over the same period. It is worth noting that the sales of the upper auto ownership brand dropped by 14.89 per cent in June, mainly due to a decline in the sales of the hot-marketed car, Emergenx5, which is partly due to the low season of the traditional car market.
The impact, on the other hand, reflects an increasingly intense market environment in the country’s compact suv market. The upper auto brand is now in a completely new product cycle, with new models like rx3 and rx8 going on the market in the second half of the year, and we expect to move on with the August tradition.
At the end of the season, the sales of auto-owned brands will continue to grow at a rapid rate. The value of the company’s long-term investments will be high with low valuations. The company’s dividends in cash this year amounted to $1.65, with a red rate of 60.23 per cent, and the company’s red rate has been continuous.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: corporate business earnings are projected to be 10, 9 and 8 times higher in 2017-2019, respectively, given that corporate joint and autonomous brands are on the same footing.
During the new product cycle, sales are expected to increase continuously, and future performance growth will be strong. At the same time, companies maintain a high annual red mark, secure margins stable, and long-term investments of significant value.
Joining the Department of Chinese Securities Research and Development, the main area of research and follow-up: the mechanical industry, which is produced by the Chinese securities, is used only by the customers of the Chinese securities. The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report. The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position, and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, where necessary.
Consult with professional consultants on legal, commercial, tax and other matters.