In June, Eingning's sales picked up and will continue to grow steadily throughout the year, with 517,000 cars sold in June, yoy + 13.7%, Mom + 15%, and sales continued at a rate of 15%.
Cumulatively, the company ' s combined sales of 3.175 million, yoy+5.8% in January-June are expected to lead to a product upgrading cycle and a intensive roll-out of multi-suv. The current share of domestic suv sales continues to increase, and the company ' s continued roll-out of new suv will effectively boost group sales. In addition, the company proposes to:
We are not considering the impact of a joint venture with Audi on the company’s net profits over the next two years. The company is expected to return to a steady upward trend in its 2017 industry, where it is expected to return to the upward trend: a fall in the policy of small-scale emissions by using a vehicle purchase tax subsidy.
As a result, the cars sector experienced low sales in the first half of 2017, falling to the bottom at the same rate in April, with negative effects gradually absorbed and demand for vehicles recovered, while demand for commercial vehicles was entrenched, driven by steady growth in investment and heavy scrutiny of overload, and remained growing at a faster rate, with industry sales continuing.
A 1.5 percentage point increase, as expected. According to the branch office, sales were better in Shanghai in June, with 152,000 vehicles sold in general, yoy+3.8%, mom+7.6%, 34,000 vehicles sold in upper gas shares, yoy+83.2%, Mom-15%, and the growth rate, although it continued to narrow in May, remained constant.
Long. Four hundred and ninety-eight, yoy+23 per cent, 3877, yoy+154 per cent, 1460, yoy+86 per cent, high and high, but in absolute terms, for the total new product cycle, the suv is heavily launched: the joint venture under the flag of the upper company is on top of the public and the upper.
The year will see a small peak in the product replacement cycle, while the product lines will be better. The upper-air Mitsubishi stock of 1.01 million vehicles in the first half of the year, a slight increase over the same period last year, will be better off in the future, with the addition of small products like suv bobble 510 and so forth.
This is the main driving force behind the growth of domestic passenger cars in recent years, and the share rises from year to year. The trend in the company’s share in the vehicle market is towards the introduction of a new, multi-suv model, with an overall product cycle, and further increases in sales are expected in the future.
Independent plant building in India, opening up emerging markets: At the end of June, the upper steam group officially announced that it would move to India's promising Indian city in the form of an independent production base in India, and that the upper gas group would be the first Chinese company to build a factory in India.
This will be an important part of the Global Strategy of the upper steam group, which will open up more markets for companies overseas.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: