Upload group (600104): The overall sales of brands match the expected growth in the traditional light season, and the joint-venture sales of brands drops. In July, the number of cars sold was 132,000, equal to the growth, with the ring drop of 24.5 per cent; the uplinks drop.
With the realization of 143,000 vehicles, an increase of 9.7 per cent in the same year, the ring has fallen by 5.9 per cent; the general month is the traditional light season in the automobile market, and the combined brand model sales have fallen in proportion to expectations. Currently, the sales of the main vehicles under the common flag have remained stable for the general population and the main vehicles under the common flag, with the cars falling in the second half of the year.
With the advent of the city’s boom season, the sales of major vehicles are expected to increase further. The sales of autonomous brands have continued to grow and the sales have declined. In July, the sales of auto brands reached 37,000 vehicles, representing an increase of 85.2 per cent and a rise of 8.8 per cent.
In July, the Enerx-5 entered the Beijing subsidy catalogue, and the order was full, and the company's basics (update) significantly boosted the sales of the Enerx-5 model.
By 425 km, and in support of fast-charged technology, the subsidized price is between $1.92 million and is highly competitive, and future sales are to be expected. At present, the auto autonomy is in a completely new product cycle, with new models like Rx3 and Rx8 in the second half of the year.
On the market, with the arrival of the season, the sales of auto-owned brands will remain fast and low-valued, high-valued, and the company’s long-term investment value will be significant. The company’s annual cash dividend amounted to $1.65 per share, with a red rate of 60.23 per cent, and the company’s red rate has been continuous.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company is expected to earn 9, 8 and 7 times its operating income for 2017-2019, respectively, given the company’s joint and autonomous brands.
During the new product cycle, sales are expected to increase continuously, and future performance growth will be more certain. At the same time, companies maintain high annual dividends, secure margins, and long-term investments with significant value.
Figure 4 shows the monthly sales of motor vehicles (in units of vehicles) in the Department of Chinese Securities Research and Development, the main area of research and follow-up: the mechanical industry, which is produced by Chinese securities, is used only by customers of Chinese securities. The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving this report.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions in question shall be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and shall consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.