Researchchand developmentcenter, with gold production, and the future of the railroads.
In-depth report by the company, 601816.sh.
With the rapid increase in the volume of iron transport and the listing of railway gold assets, railway operations increased to 45,000 kilometres, accounting for 28.3 per cent of the total rail mileage, and railways have become the dominant mode of public travel, with rail turnover being proportionally higher in 2022.
50.9% of them, with high iron turnover in railways reaching 66.7%. 2) The company: the gold assets of the Golden Line are well-run for 10 billion dollars. The company's route runs across the capital, Beijing, and Shanghai, the economic center, and covers the most dynamic and potential areas of China's economic development.
The company’s profits grew steadily, thanks to a significant regional advantage and a sustained increase in the demand for high-iron travel. Until 2019, the company’s net profit on revenue and repatriation remained steady, with a net return of more than 10 per cent per annum. In 2023, the company’s net profit/return to the mother's profit rate was higher than 10 per cent per annum.
Revenues are derived from passenger tickets and road network services, the cost of which is more stable overall. The company’s business can be divided into principal and cross-line operations, depending on whether or not it is a train.
By 2019, the two main operations received roughly half of their income, while the cross-line services accounted for the ratio of Māori to RMI services, while the main cost items were fleet usage, depreciation, and energy expenditures, which together accounted for about 90%.
• Future outlook: ticket prices continue to be marketed and there is still an increase in traffic. 1) Passenger transport operations: Kyoto gold routes are expected to increase at a double price. The revenue from passenger transport operations depends on fares and passenger arrivals, both of which are likely to increase further.
There is a risk that fare prices will rise even further, as a result of the ongoing market-based reform of fares and higher per capita income and demand for travel. At the passenger end of the spectrum, the number of passengers can be raised by raising the passenger rate, increasing the frequency of traffic, and increasing the number of trains.
2) Provision of a network service operation: The value of the main north-south corridor has increased steadily, and cross-line traffic has increased steadily. We expect that the increase in revenue from this operation will be based mainly on an increase in the volume of cross-line trains, mileage, etc. The service price will be set by the National Iron Group and the rates will be relatively stable; the volume of business will be roughly the same as the cross-line train, mileage, mileage, etc.
The number of passengers is directly related. The network is gradually improving, the company's home line cross-line trains are being adjusted, the number of people travelling across lines is expected to increase, and we are expected to drive the traffic of the network services.
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, risk of adjustment of liquidation policies, commission management of risks, industry
In Beijing, the competition for the Golden House No. 127 A, Wumenxi Street, in Beijing's west-city district, has increased the risk that the number of traffic in Jing Fu An will not increase as much as expected. 1 high iron load will increase rapidly, and railway gold assets will be placed on the market.
1.1 Sectors: Railways have shown remarkable success, with a steady increase in the size of high irons. Railways have become one of the most important modes of transport in China, with a turnover ratio that has risen beyond the road to the top. With the transformation and opening of the country in 1978, China's transport sector has begun to grow rapidly, the integrated transport system has been improving, and various modes of transport have emerged.
In 1978-2023, total passenger traffic increased at an average annual compound rate of 6.4%, with the highest rates of 5.9% and 14.0%, respectively, for the Central and Central Railways and the Civil Aviation. By contrast, the rail turnover was lower than before 2012 and rose rapidly to the top.
The railway turnover increased from 10,032 million km in 1978 to 98,123 million km in 2012, from 62.7 per cent to 29.4 per cent, and after 2012, the railway development began a new phase, with increased investment in railway construction and a corresponding increase in turnover, which became the dominant mode of movement for the general public. By 2023, the railway turnover increased to 51.5 per cent.
In the first half of 2024, railway turnover grew by 14.1%, with a high base still growing by more than two digits. High-speed rail miles and loads in railway passenger traffic rose rapidly.
In 2008-2023, railway operations grew at an average annual rate of 4.7 per cent and railway operations at an average annual rate of 32.0 per cent. By the end of 2023, railway operations had increased at a mileage of 159,000 kilometres, of which high-speed railways had increased at a distance of 45,000 kilometres, or 28.3 per cent, compared with high-speed railway operations in 2008.
In terms of passenger turnover, the generalization of high-speed iron travel has also continued to expand. Between 2008 and 2022, the proportion of high-speed rail passenger turnover rose rapidly from only 0.2% to 66.7%.
It is part of the country's “eight-and-eight-by-eight” high-speed railway main road, connecting Beijing to Shanghai, and is a major strategic traffic project for the country. It was built on 30 June 2011 with a total of 1318, with 24 stations; the route runs across the capital, Beijing, and the economic centre, Shanghai, and connects Kyoto and the Long Triangle.
The two major economic zones, through several provincial capitals, such as Tianjin, Jinan, Xuzhou, Nanjing, and key transport hubs, cover the most dynamic and potential regions of China, with a strong demand for transport, a rapid increase in passenger traffic and a strong corporate position.
The company was founded in 2007 by 11 shareholders from China, China, China, China, China, China, Peace, China, China, China, the Social Security Fund, Shanghai, Shin-ti, Jiangsu, Jin-su, Jin-su, Nanjing, Shandong, Hebei, Anhui, etc. The company was registered on 9 January 2008.
On January 16, 2020, the company was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, landed on a stock market, and the major shareholders of the publicly issued stock were the Chinese Railway Investment Group, which effectively controlled the National Iron Group.
The company held shareholders in the China Railways Investment Group Ltd., holding 43.39% of the company’s shares. China’s National Railways Group, which has over 100% of the holdings, has control over the company, and has real control over the company.
Electrical power supply equipment, etc.. By the end of 2023, the company's fixed assets had a book value of $218.8 billion, representing 74.89 per cent of the total assets at the end of the period, mainly lines and accompanying facilities along the line, of which high-iron lines were the most significant assets and accounted for 84.8 per cent of the fixed assets. As a result of the “line separation” model, the company did not own the assets of a moving train, but rather entrusted the iron along the line.
The Bureau of Roads conducts transport organization, line maintenance management, etc. 1.3 Financial situation: operating well with 10 billion profits, cash flows are abundant
By virtue of the marked regional advantage and the continuing increase in demand for high-iron travel, corporate profits have increased steadily, cash flow security has been sufficient, and net return to the mother has been shown: by 2019, the net return to the company was steadily increasing, and the net return to the mother has been increasing by more than 10%. During the period of the epidemic, the flow of travellers has decreased, and corporate revenue and net gains have fluctuated considerably.
In 2023, the company resumed its operations rapidly, raising its revenues to $40.7 billion, a record high, compared to the same period in 2019.3 Operating cash flows and liabilities: demand is more stringent and the flow is stable because of the large number of clients of the company, who are public business passengers. And the generalization of high-speed travel is increasing, and we expect companies to remain stable and operate in the long run.
Cash flows were abundant. Before 2019, net operating cash flows remained almost 13 billion yuan; and, under high cash-flow guarantees, the corporate asset-liability ratio continued to decline, falling to 14.3 per cent in 2019. However, the debt-liability ratio increased considerably during the epidemic, but figure 2023: 24h1 company operating income was $20.9 billion, compared to 24.3 per cent in 2019 for the same period.
Figure 10: Corporate operating net cash flows are generally stable at over 10 billion.2 Revenues are derived from passenger ticket and road network services, and overall costs are more stable 2.1 business model: split between home and cross-line operations based on whether or not to act as a train
The company operates a high-speed railway along the Beijing Bureau, Jinnan Bureau, Shanghai Bureau, transport management of the high-speed railway and pays for the corresponding commissioning costs. Depending on whether or not to act as a train, the company’s main business can be classified as a passenger.
Transport operations and road network services are two-part operations. 1) Passenger transport operations: passenger ticket operations are mainly conducted by companies that provide high-iron transport services and collect fares for passengers travelling on trains, and operations are conducted on a commissioning-management basis and are intended for train passengers.
Provision of mobile vehicle service and related staff to provide transport services for passengers between 24 stations on the line, while the company pays the associated commissioning and management costs, the use of mobile teams and the service charges for moving trains, etc. to the Trusted Railways Department. 2) Provision of network service operations: services for the provision of network services are provided by other rail transport enterprises.
If the train is not used on the high-speed railway in Kyoto, the company will have to bear the costs of electricity, water, and so on. From the operational point of view, this line is issued below the line line, but with a higher number of passengers. This liner will be used for the company.
Trains, cross-lines, are non-service trains for other rail transport enterprises. In 2016-2019, there was a slight decrease in the number of trains on the line, but the number of passengers on the line continued to increase, mainly as a result of the increase in passenger occupancy and in the number of cars on the line; the number of trains on the line continued to increase, from 2.6 to 4.2, and the proportion of vehicles on the structure of the line on the line gradually increased.
In financial terms, before 2019, the two major major businesses had a roughly half of their income, with a 60% Māori ratio for cross-line services. According to revenue collection, the revenue from passenger transport operations (back-line operations) and road network service operations (cross-line operations) had been about half each before 2019; since then, cross-line operations have gradually increased, and by 2023, the company’s home-line operations and cross-line industries have been growing.
In the case of Māori, Māori and Māori services were more active than passenger transport before 2019.
The revenue from passenger transport operations comes from the main line of the Kyoto Line, which serves as the fare paid by passengers on the train, and is therefore dependent on high iron fares and passenger traffic, or is calculated on the basis of per unit of passenger kilometre earnings and passenger turnover. Companies are listed on the market using a unique “net distribution” mode, which separates the rail network infrastructure from transport services, i.e. the company owns only the basis of the route, land, station, etc.
The supply of transport services and means of transport is provided by other railways along the lines of the commissioning of the company, where the combined costs of the company's commissioning of transport administration and of the use of the moving fleet account for 50.02 per cent of the operating costs, respectively.
In 2007, the Ministry of Railways issued a circular specifying that the base price for soft seats in the train fleet was 0.3366 yuan/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/h/km/km/h/km/km/k/km/k/km/h/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/k/Add.
Railway transport companies are allowed to float up and down a price of 10%; most of the general moving train trains that have since been put into operation follow the above criteria. Thus, railway fares for this period are largely regulated by government departments, and most of the fixed fares are implemented.
Rail transport companies can make their own fares for high-speed railway train trains I and II at speeds of 200 km per hour or more, depending on price laws and regulations: railway fare pricing is transferred from government to rail transport enterprises. Since then, the Iron General (now the National Iron Group) and the railway authorities under the banner have begun to adjust the fares differently, depending on the conditions of individual passenger traffic, operating costs, etc.
Various railway sections have introduced floating fare mechanisms, and fare prices are more market-based. After the transfer of fare pricing rights to railway transport enterprises, railway stations have gradually begun to implement more market-oriented schemes based on the market performance of their respective sections.
Price-fixing strategy. After each price adjustment for each line, the published fare (i.e., the upper fare ceiling) has increased by about 20% on average, but the floor fare has also fallen somewhat, with fare prices rising and falling, regulated space expanding, and differentiated discount floating pricing mechanisms have gradually matured. In October 2020, Kyotaka announced that a floating fare mechanism would be implemented as of December 23, 2020.
Adjustments are made to the fare price of the railway train at 300-350 km/h. Executed fares will be capped with a discount of 9.04 for second-class tickets and 7.52 for a discount of $598 for maximum-executed tickets and $498 for minimum-executed fares, with 3.5, 1.8 and 1.6 times the ratio between the business seat, the principal seat and the first- and second-class seats, respectively.
Table 4: Road segments and objects of railway lines where floating fares are implemented
At the end of June, a 300-km and 250-km-a-haul-a-haul-a-haul-a-haul-a-haul-a-haul-a-haul-a-haul-a-ha, with a full ticket rate of $555 for a 300-km-a-hm train and $410 for a 250-km train train. In June 2017, a 350-km-a-hence-a-dance train was put into operation at the head of the line.
After December 23, 2020, the high-speed train set up a floating fare system of 300 to 350 kilometres per hour, with the second class moving up to $662, an increase of 19.71% compared to the previous full fare price. Second-class fare was also lowered to $498 due to the floating fare mechanism.
In comparison with the major competitors, the high iron fare on the line is significantly lower than the air fare price. Before and after the roll-out, the airline fare had a stronger price advantage. Prior to that time, the full fare on the economic class on the Kyoto route had been excessive, with a cumulative increase of 73.4 per cent, and a 10 per cent increase in the overall price of the basic fare.
On 23 December 2020 alone, fares were raised from $553 to $662, an increase of 19.7 per cent, and discounts on airline tickets increased from 45 per cent previously to 31 per cent, with a more significant price advantage; and, after the high speed, the speed of high wires could reach 4 hours and 18 minutes, with greater time efficiency.
Tourist traffic: The number of passengers on the home line has increased slightly, and the turnover has increased. According to the number of passengers on the home line, before 2019, brigade 2.3 cross-line operations: fees paid by other railway companies for the use of the road network; fees paid by other railway companies for the provision of road network services; fees paid by other railway companies for the use of the road network.
(c) Tile facilities, where companies operating in other rail transport companies do not act as trans-shipments of trains through the Kyoto Line, are required to pay companies for the equivalent use of the line, the cost of access to the network, etc., while passenger fare revenue from the trans-line train is attributable to other transport enterprises. Companies receive rent for the trans-line network, while at the same time bearing the energy costs of the line, depreciation expenses, high-iron transport capacity security costs, etc.
In 2019 and 2023, the total cost of energy and depreciation of companies as a percentage of operating costs was 39.51 per cent, and figure 20: the business model for the provision of network services by the Tokyo High-Rite Company
The other irons across the line, the train across the line, the iron transport capability.
In 2016-2019, companies continued to increase their income from the provision of road network services at a faster rate of 16.6 per cent per year, exceeding the revenue received from passenger transport operations.
The average annual rate of increase of 3.4 per cent can be seen as a breakdown of the income from road network service operations, which includes operating income from route use services, access services, station passenger services, ticket sales services, station access services, etc., of which the main operating income is the income from line services, which accounts for 62.5 per cent and 28.4 per cent respectively in 2023.
Pricing criteria: The rates for each line of operations for the provision of road network services are relatively stable, as stipulated by the National Iron Group, and the size of the revenue is generally related to the mileage of the operation of the cross-line train. The unit value of the clearing of the revenue for each line service is different and is largely related to the number and mileage of the cross-line train, the sales model is related to the sale of the transaction, the transactions are addressed to the local railway authorities, etc.
The number of trains: Trans-line traffic has grown by an average of 10 per cent per year, with a rapid increase in operational mileage. From 2019 to 2019, cross-line traffic has increased from 1041,000 to 15.13 million, with an average compound increase of 13.3 per cent per year, compared with 2023, with 12.764 million miles in operation, an increase over the same period in 2019.
35.4 per cent, with a significant increase in the mileage of operations. 2.4 Cost scenario: mostly related procurement transactions, with a charge rate to be set by INT in liquidation. Corporate operating costs are more stable, with commissioning of transport management costs, moving fleet usage costs, depreciation and energy expenditures being the main ones.
Corporate operating costs amounted to $22.1 billion a year, an increase of 31.9 per cent a year, compared with 21.4 per cent in the same period in 2019, and, according to the structure, trust transport management costs, moving group user fees, depreciation and energy expenditures were the most significant, with a total of about 90 per cent of the total cost.
The cost line services are mostly traded through the associated procurement model and are priced fairly. The cost line is entrusted to transport management services, moving group use services, high-iron transport capacity guarantee services, business passenger services, etc.
The main elements of the procurement, the cost-pricing approach, include the liquidation pricing, the full network pricing, and the negotiation of the pricing. The liquidation price is the industry’s management price, and the moving group user fees, the high iron transport capacity guarantee, the road network user’s fees, etc. are included in the liquidation system.
In the case of negotiated pricing projects, such as company-commissioned transport management fees, commercial passenger service charges, etc., it is a vision for the future: fare prices continue to be marketed and there is still an increase in passenger transport operations 3.1: Kyoto gold access, with a two-fold increase in volume prices.
Passenger transport revenue is dependent on fare prices and passenger traffic, both of which are likely to increase further. At the fare end: seven floating fares, with average fares expected to rise.
20%, but there is still a significant price advantage compared to the major players. As the process of marketizing high iron fares continues to progress and the demand for public per capita income and travel increases, fares may rise further. Moreover, as railways are transported more than one station, the average distance is also subject to market demand and rail company planning arrangements.
(a) The passenger base: the number of passengers can be increased by raising the passenger rate, increasing the frequency of traffic, and increasing the number of trains. 1) Increase the passenger rate: the demand for high-speed iron runs on the Kyoto Line is still strong, reaching 80% by 2019.
There is still a gap between the average passenger passenger rate of nearly 85% in the air transport industry. Although the high iron industry is limited to multiple points of transport, and the passenger rate is invisible ceilings that make it difficult to reach the level of civilian passenger transport, there is still some room for uplifting. 2) Increase in the frequency of traffic: the shortest distance between the current high-speed and high-speed cars is only 4 minutes, with the country opening in 2010
It is designed to operate at a speed of 350 km per hour, with a three-minute delay, and there is room for further compression of the tracking interval of the high-speed train in Kyoto, thereby increasing the frequency of the traffic. From 2011 to 2021, the average number of daily trains in the public sector increased from 131 to 615 and the average compound rate increased by 16.7 per cent per year, assuming no consideration of the non-overlapping train fleet.
The average tracking interval has been reduced from 10.99 to 2.34 minutes, with a significant decrease in the interval. (3) Increase in the length of the moving group: there is a difference in the length of the company ' s moving train model, with the maximum number of moving trains ranging from 1283 to 1,440 seats, with a minimum of 1283 seats in the 17 moving train compared to 16 moving teams
The maximum number of seats on the train was 1,193 and the number of seats increased by 90, an increase of 7.5 per cent; the maximum number of seats on the 8-car train was increased by 670 compared to the 613 seats, an increase of 109.3 per cent.
Figure 28: The company ' s passenger occupancy rate has increased considerably, slightly below that of air passenger arrivals
With the growth in revenues from the provision of network services, we expect to rely mainly on the price increases for cross-line trains, operating mileage equivalents: prices are set by the Iron Group and rates are relatively stable. The rates for each line operation are based on the requirements of the Iron Group, which provides that the clearing bill is more stable and that there is limited room for upscaling.
Cross-line operations include a variety of service lines, and cross-line traffic turnover is linked to cross-line traffic, operating mileage. In 2016-2019, the company ' s home line trans-lined traffic increased by a faster rate than its own, from 2.6 to 4.2 times, and the number of trans-line vehicles in the sub-structure of the Kyoto line was gradually increasing.
Good paces, company-line cross-line trains, cross-line trains, business mileage, etc., are expected to grow, and we expect to drive further growth in network service operations. 3.3 JFK: short-term performance pressure, long-term profitability.
In 2020, the company publicly released $6,286 million in shares (up to 12.80% of the total stock stock after issuance) to raise a total of $30,674 million for the acquisition of 65,0759% of the stock of JFK. When the acquisition was completed, JFK became a controlling subsidiary of the company.
If it expands its network coverage and optimizes its network structure, it is expected that, upon completion, the company will be connected to the remaining “eight-and-eight” main access routes, and that the network will be more synergistic, thereby further enhancing its profitability.
The merger is connected to the Jing Ning and Jingwu railways, which are linked to the Jing Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian Jian. 1) The merger is in the process of market development, the city of the north is connected to the south station, and the south is officially operational on October 16th of this year.
2) Anse section of the Heungfu Railway, which was under market cultivation at the time of the acquisition and was connected to the Yongtao station in the north by a joint passenger, with a total of 12 stations operating approximately 388.6 kilometres (km) and designed to operate 350 km/hours per hour, was officially opened on 28 June 2015.
3) Communal railway insignia: the line was opened in mid-2020. The route passed through Anhui territory and ended in Zhejiang Hang County, with 24 stations with an operating mileage of approximately 592 km and a design speed of 350 km/hour.
Railways are the second main line of the exclusive passenger network and the second largest north-south passenger route in the East China region, connected to the Xiaokun corridor, which is an important traffic main link between Chinahara, Jianghuai and the Long Triangle.
Linkage helps improve the layout of the railway network in the central region, and strengthens the fast-track passenger transport route between the north-west and the east of the country. The JFK model of operations: the company does not act as a train itself, provides only a network service, and receives the bulk of the revenue from line usage fees, connection fees, etc., charged for the trains it serves as a rail transport company, thus making the sale of the connection relatively high.
At the same time, the company has entrusted the railways along the railways with the transport management of their sections of operation and the corresponding associated purchase costs through the commissioning of the transport management model. JFK’s related transactions are the same as those of the companies, and the purchase price also uses liquidation pricing, full network pricing, and negotiated pricing.
JFW's performance: JFW's revenue is mainly from the provision of road network services, the cost of which is mainly related to commissioning transport management costs and energy, depreciation expenses, etc. The company's operating income has generally risen steadily, with the current deficit of 2018-2023 lubricant, which was mainly during the period of market cultivation and still needed time to make a profit; between 2020 and 2022 it was affected by the epidemic.
4 Profit forecasts, valuations and investment ratings Projected revenue: Corporate operating income is divided into revenue from passenger transport operations, income from the provision of road network services, and other income. Its medium-line passenger fares are priced in such a way that cross-line operations are expected to be price-stable and transport-intensive.
On the other hand, the number of passengers is expected to increase with the increase in the frequency of traffic, the increase in passenger occupancy and the increase in the length of the train. It is expected that public 2) income from the provision of road network services (cross-line operating income): other revenue is expected to increase in the number of cross-line trains, taking into account the well-established road network: this share is assumed to be relatively stable, given that the share of other business income is less than 2 per cent.
Cost projections: Corporate operating costs can be broken down into commission transport management fees, start-up fleet usage charges, depreciation expenses, energy expenditure, high-iron transport capacity guarantee fees, maintenance charges, commercial passenger service charges, etc. Of these, commissioning transport management costs, start-up group user fees, depreciation expenditure and energy expenditure are the most significant costs, with four combined accounting for approximately 90% of the total cost; based on 2019.
Among these, the commissioning of transport management fees and the use of the moving fleet are mainly affected by the performance of the home line; depreciation expenditure is mainly the depreciation of assets such as roads and supporting building facilities; energy expenditure is affected by full line operations; and the guarantee of high iron transport capacity is based on a percentage of the business income.
Profit forecasting: company profits are derived mainly from the profits from the operations of the home-line guest ticket and the services of the trans-line network. 4.2 Valuation method: absolute valuation versus relative valuation Absolute valuation method: taking into account the company's relatively small number of companies, the high level of the Māori rate and the stability of net operating cash flows.
We estimate the company’s long-term performance using the dcf method. We value the company’s free cash flow fcff model for fcff=(net post-tax profit + interest + non-cash expenditure) - operating capital increase - capital expenditure. The company’s value is the present value of the expected fcff, i.e., the company’s value is p=sum_tnfrac{fcfft}(1+wacct}
Of these, Wacc is the weighted average capital cost, kd is the cost of debt capital, ke is the cost of equity capital, wd is the share of debt capital and t is the tax rate of income tax.
In addition, a sensitive analysis of the fcff model, assuming a 0.5 per cent change in the constant growth rateg and Wacc, would result in a corresponding change in the results of the fcff valuation, which corresponds to 5.42-8.41 dollars per share of the value range.
Given that there is still much room for improvement in the price of iron fares and in the number of train trains across the line, the company’s business is growing and its performance is expected to grow faster. We believe that the current reasonable valuation of the gold can be 22 to 25 times higher, with the corresponding company’s fair market value at $287.2 to $326.3 billion.
Figure 34: Long Deep Railways averaged 24.5 times over the period from 2010 to 2019. Kyotaka is the leader of a company that brings domestic railway passengers to the market. The company's high-speed lines link Beijing and Shanghai and cover a large number of provincial capital cities and transport hubs.
Continued push and further increases in passenger traffic and train traffic, company fare operations and road network service revenues are expected to grow continuously, and there is still much room for growth in company performance.1 The risk of macroeconomic volatility: macroeconomic downswings, and lower demand for public commerce and leisure passenger travel, which may affect iron
The number of passengers travelling by road, which in turn affects the overall performance of the company.2 The liquidation policy adjusts the risks: many details of the company's revenue from the provision of road network services and the rates for some of the cost details are settled by the INT. As the price level of the factors of production increases, the quality of the road network services improves, industry characteristics and supply and demand is cut off
Changes, INTL liquidation projects, scope of liquidation, liquidation prices may be adjusted, thereby creating a risk of commission management for the company’s business performance: the company has signed a trust management agreement with the relevant railway authority along the line, the China-Calco-Electrification Authority group, and the unit price increases from year to year. If the increase in future operating income does not cover the above-mentioned cost increases, this may lead to the company’s operating performance.
Slide. There may also be a failure on the part of trustees to continue to provide services, the failure to provide services in the agreed manner, the lack of quality of services, the risk of increased competition in the industry: companies compete with different modes of transport, such as road passenger transport and air passenger transport, if the subsequent public road network continues to expand well, the quality of air passenger transport services continues to improve, or the choice of passenger travel options is affected.
5. The increase in the volume of the JFK emblem was not as high as expected: the company ' s subsequent growth in the number of cross-line operations was mainly due to the JFW and could affect the company ' s subsequent revenue growth if the associated increase in the number of sections of the network did not materialize as expected.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.