Reverse performance growth, horizontal expansion leading to a second growth curve \triangleright \triangleright
To overcome the many negative effects, the negative growth in performance and the convergence of the three major business lines \triangleright \ to overcome the effects of repeated global epidemics, price increases for bulk raw materials, and strains on the supply of critical components such as chips,
The company’s Māori rate is 8.31%, an increase of 0.24 pct over the same period; costs: mobile routers outperformed a million units and Wifi6/6e-related products delivered 30 million units; smart households housed over 100 million units, of which ott streaming devices delivered more than 60 million units, ranked the world’s leading.
Cloud computing area: 170.694 billion yuan, an increase of 1.36 per cent over the year, and 4.14 per cent over the same period. New generation products, including modular computing and storage units for forward-looking research and development, are on the edge of a positive layout.
According to the Centre, the development of products such as corporate autopilots and the promotion of a product volume, such as aigpu servers, has been facilitated. In the area of the industrial Internet, a total of $1.685 billion has been collected throughout the year, representing an increase of 16.92 per cent over the same year, and the Māori rate has been significantly higher than the previous year.
Horizontal expansion, accelerated deployment of semiconductor + new energy vehicle + metaco, creating a second-growth curve, accelerated semiconductor layout: companies are committed to creating semiconductor industry Internet ecology, upgrading odm capabilities through investment, focusing on advanced containment, testing, equipment and materials, eda software, chip design, etc.
1. Industrial enrichment (60138): overall good operations, operations, three main areas, layout core zeros, integration of upstream and downstream supply chains, focus on power drives, vehicle connectivity, radar, acu,
In the field of meta-cosmos, strengthening capital + industrial co-development: capital side, company communications technology at the bottom of the meta-cosmos (5g+)
On the industrial side, companies use a wealth of virtual realities and imitation techniques to use the lighthouse construction program, focus on shareholder returns, double the share in the red.
The company values shareholder returns. The 21-year plan is 0.50 dollars per share, doubles the year-on-year ratio, and the profit spread rate is based on investment advice: with size advantages, optimal revenue structure, cost control, the company ' s performance is expected to be long-term \triangleright
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.