Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) The dominant scale effect of smart manufacturing continues to show an increase of 1.8 per cent over the same period; net profit on return is 20.1 billion yuan over the same period, an increase of 14.8 per cent over the same period; deductions are non-repatriated.
The net profit was $18,581 million, an increase of 13.39 per cent over the previous year, and the profit was slightly higher than expected, with a steady increase in revenue and the industrial Internet growing at the fastest rate. During the reporting period, the corporate income grew by 1.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with communications network equipment generating $25,897 million, an increase of 1.95 per cent, and mobile routers.
1. "Initiative layout of the Industrial Internet, lighting of smart manufacturing, with more than 100 million home-based devices, of which 60 million have been delivered by ott streaming video devices."
The cloud computing business is leading the world; 176.694 billion yuan, or 1.36% more, and servers are sold to 10 internal lighthouse plants to help digitalize more than 50 industry-led enterprises abroad. Smart manufacturing has shown a pioneering scale effect, and research and development has continued to deepen the moat.
/The management cost rate is the same as 0.29 pp/0.09 pp, and the firm size effect continues to appear as a leading firm in smart manufacturing. 21 years of R & D rates are the same as 0.14 pp, companies are actively engaged in multi-area R & D, such as cloud computing, smart manufacturing, 47.9 per cent of patents on front-line technology, and 21 years of public revenue.
The net interest rate rose by 0.52 pp to the same 14.8% net profit as last year’s, and we see a sustained increase in profitability based on scale effects and increased investment in research and development. Under the digital economy’s backbone, we see the company’s future business progressing across the board.
The word economy will produce 62% of the world ' s gdp. The company has achieved five broad patterns of coverage for the digital economy, and it is expected that vertically, based on scale effects, will further consolidate the dominant advantages of supply chains, customer resources, horizontally based on intelligent manufacturing and investment strategies to expand semiconductors, new energy vehicles, industrial mutuals.
A second-growth curve is opened by operations such as networking, where the relevant report rating ratio is analysed and the final rating is calculated on average, as an average market investment.