The company specializes in the design, production and marketing of electronic automobiles, covering the entire factory and post-sales area of services, mainly the Car-borne Information and Recreation System, Car-borne Air Conditioning Controls, Driving Information Displays, etc. The company is an innovative leader in the automobile and electronics industry in our country, with the capacity to develop and modularize the supply of spare parts for the entire company and has entered the global system for the supply of spare parts for internationally recognized car manufacturers.
The bulk of the Division's products are sold to the whole market, with domestic clients being the general public, the Great Wall, the Broad Gas Group, the Chang Ammadha, the General Five Mitsubishi, the upper gas industry, the general public, the North Gas Group, a car, the Chiri Car, the Jili Car, the Seamar, the Dragon Car, and others. Foreign clients are the Maedeta, the Popular Group, the Caterpillar, and Tissenkhamp.
(1) The company uses state-of-the-art production equipment, including a siplace sticker, welding, reflux welding, te pressfit, US ni test hardware and systems, mes (manufacturing execution systems), etc. Since 2010, it has developed a number of fully automated production lines with autonomous knowledge rights to the mes (manufacturing execution systems) to achieve smd patch installation control, interlocking control of production processes, testing and testing data and state
At the same time, all production data from the manufacturing process are managed through a web-based system that allows for timely tracking of the state of the product during the manufacturing process, thereby improving product consistency and quality stability. (2) The company has a complete procurement system that meets the requirements of the auto industry standards, as required by the Iso/ts16949 quality management system.
At the same time, through 30 years of accumulation and continuous optimization in the automotive electronics industry, a responsive, technologically advanced and cost-competitive group of suppliers has been created. In core electronic components, companies are among the leading semiconductor suppliers in the global industry, with in-depth strategic collaboration with most suppliers; and in custom-made items, the supply radius of the major suppliers is high.
Within a 100-km radius, it effectively supports advanced modes of distribution such as Jit, milkrun. The company has some advantages in supply chain management. (3) The company aims to strictly enforce international, national and industry quality standards related to automobiles and to establish and continuously improve its own quality management system.
At the same time, the company promotes the application of the apqp, ppap, msa, spc, fmea five quality tools and pdca quality rings, and encourages full participation in the continuous improvement of product quality, ensuring that product quality is stable and reliable from the various components of R & D design, supplier management, manufacturing, product delivery and follow-up services.
In the six months following the report, securities have increased or declined over the 300 index. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained therein shall be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and shall consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.