When the aigc era comes, the bottomai arithmetic dragon factory, wave information (000977.sz) aigc ai the bottom arithmetic dragon, has a ai full-store layout.chatgpt detonates.
The concept of ai, aigc enters the Development Year, ai technology enters the Development Fast Track. We believe that Wu Xianjin is the foundation for the development of ai, whether the technology itself.
How to proceed, wherever the downstream application site is located, does not depend on bottom-level computing support to facilitate bottom-level infrastructure development. As a global front-runner, companies are competitive in their industries. idc data show that in 2021, in the global market for a server,
Li Xing, the wave information market is 20.9 per cent and continues to be the largest global market; in China, the wave-ai server is 52.4 per cent, and for the fifth consecutive year, the Chinese suit is maintained.
In September 2021, the company published a large self-research model, Source 1.0, and has been promoting industry applications for large models, such as "ai script killing," "psychological aiding" and "ai anti-fraud".
The initial IAC dispatch system, with the highest performance liquid coldai server nf5488la5, etc. The server has good up-and-down demand indicators and benefits from significant development by domestic Internet manufacturers
Aigc technology, capital spending is expected to rise. From overseas, large plants like Microsoft, Google, Apple have continued to add code aigc. We believe that home-grown aigc technology is still spearheaded by technology and capital advantage Internet head producers, wave servers, and so on.
Core Internet manufacturers, such as tweets, are bound, with more than 40% of the Internet industry, and are expected to benefit from an increase in the capital spending of Internet producers.
Upgraded. According to the Openai estimates, the training of the head-ai model has doubled every 3-4 months since 2012, and the training arithmetic has grown by up to 10 times. The moor's laws have slowed down and become an incontrovertible fact, but the amount of data has continued to increase, with a marked increase in the arithmetic.
Back in time, there's plenty of room for future growth in the one server industry.
Industry depth report _ Focus on the bottom of the digital economy _ Portfolio-server industry turn-on investment opportunities 2020408 Wave Information (000977.sz): aigc
At the dawn of the era, there is a great risk that the global leader of the one server will be able to -- the risk of industrial development, a lack of business expansion, and the expected risk of the other.
(i) The first of the country’s int producers, more than 30 years of deep-farming server industry, and more than 30 years of deep-farming industry. The company was established in 1998 and was listed in late 2000 at the end of the year. The company’s operations cover servers, server parts, storage, databases, ai accelerator, ai management software.
Corporate cloud computing and data center operations cover a wide range of services, including, inter alia, universal servers, high-performance servers, storage servers, ai servers, margin computing, super-integration, etc., and the development of servers in a variety of forms, such as cabinets, hyperdensity, etc. In the cloud computing development wave, close collaboration between companies and Internet producers has led to rising corporate market dominance and becoming a suit.
A well-deserved leader in the industry. Figure 1: Wave Information History Development Process (ii) Corporate revenues are mainly from servers, with robust financial indicators
More than 99% of the company's revenue is derived from server sales-related operations, and financial indicators have risen steadily over the past five years. The Department achieved 67 billion yuan in operating income in 2021, an increase of 6.4% over the same period; net profit on repatriation was 2 billion yuan over the same period.
In the Jdm model, the research and development week for a new product is compressed from 1.5 to 9 months, with clients offering the fastest three-month delivery of prototypes, production delivery, and production delivery.
The order delivery cycle was reduced from 15 days to 5-7 days, creating 8 hours of maximum intra-industry delivery for 10,000 cloud servers, Figure 4: Wave information on revenue changes within and outside the country over the past five years (iii) company local state capital background and stable equity structure
The company is controlled by the Shandong State Finance Committee, which has a stable equity structure. Wave groups hold 35.9% of the company’s shares, and Shandong State Assets Holdings Ltd., 70% of the Board’s holdings hold 48.5% of the group’s shares.
Figure 5: Wave Information Equity Structure II, the bottom computing pole of the aigc era, with an all-store layout (i) the downstream aigc application site has high demands on bottom computing
In late January 2023, Chhatgpt was able to survive hundreds of millions of months, tiktok reached 100 million users for nine months, and twitter took five years.
Algorithms, data are the foundation that underpins the development of the ai, regardless of the development of the ai technology itself, and regardless of the location of the downstream application site, there is no room for bottom-level arithmetic support for bottom-level infrastructure development. (ii) The company is the global leader of the ai server, with strong industrial competitiveness.
According to the latest data from idc, the company ranked second in the global server industry in 2021, third higher than 2021q2 and 9.4% higher; in the domestic server industry, the company was a well-deserved leader, with 31.4% higher than the second highest in 2021.
The third is the summation of China and Xinhua; this compares favourably with 30.5% of the city’s share of q2 in 2021. Xinhua’s wave of information is that Xinhua’s three-mandues are associated with other company-ai servers.
With regard to servers, idc data show that in 2021, the global market for i servers was $15.6 billion (approximately RMB 10.6 billion), with wave information markets accounting for 20.9 per cent, an increase of 3.6 per cent over the same period, sales increased by 68.3 per cent and continued to be the world's largest market; in the Chinese market, the market for wave servers reached 52.4 per cent, and for five consecutive years, they maintained a Chinese ai server.
Figure 9: Wave information ranks first in the global i-server market for (iii) large model training is the trend, companies have a long-term layout, applications are holders, companies have a long-term layout for large i-model training, and parameter training is significant.
Technical capabilities. As early as 2021, in response to trends in large-scale training models, the company published a global leading one model, Source 1.0. The source 1.0 model is an ultra-large pre-training natural language model for Chinese, modelled on a billion parameters, using high-quality Chinese data from 5 tb. gpt-3 is a chat robot program developed by the United States of America.
In March 2022, four skill models were developed based on the "source 1.0" model. To date, the "source 1.0" model has opened up.
More than 3,000 registered developers of the Open Platform, based on the model reasoning api service provided by the Platform, have been promoting large model industry applications such as "ai script killing", "psychological consultation accompaniment", "ai anti-fraud", "Golden Poetry" and "intelligent customer-to-brain" applications.
In addition, the company has issued the first IAC dispatch system, with the most capable liquid coldai server nf5488la5. The company is a resource platform for the development of artificial intelligence for the training of artificial intelligence enterprises.
Environmental rapid deployment, etc. Third, server up-and-down demand indicators are good, benefiting from significant development of aigc technology by domestic Internet manufacturers, and capital expenditure is expected to rise
(i) Optimization of upstream forward-looking indicators and continued rise in industry landscapes. Historically, Taiwan's Istium Tech monthly collection of data can be used as a forward-looking indicator of the server industry's climate, with two to three months of forward-looking guidance for global server sales data. (1) bmc chip, also known as the baseboard management controller.
Each server needs at least one bmc control chip, and bounc technology is the bmc chip tap, which accounts for 70% of the market; (2) bounc technology delivery cycle is 1-2 weeks, compared to the intel chip delivery cycle of 2-3 months, and is therefore capable of responding to changes in the market climate of the server two to three months earlier.
This is a significant reflection of the rise in the market climate of downstream servers. The server industry is approaching a new winding cycle, with new suppliers peaking or approaching. (ii) Internet cloud producers have more robust capital spending.
The growth rate of the combined capital expenditure of the Internet’s giants, Ali, and Tweets has declined somewhat, but their share of income has stabilized. In 2022, q3 cents, Ali, and Tweeting’s total capital expenditure was about 15.5 billion yuan, a 31% decrease in comparison; q2 and q3 have fallen, and we believe that the decline in capital spending and the decline in corporate income as a whole are associated with a decline in capital spending as a percentage of income.
As the epidemic subsides and the economy recovers, capital spending is expected to pick up. Figure 14: 100% capital expenditure, income and growth. Figure 15: Alibaba operating capital expenditure, income and growth.
(iii) Chatgpt-related technologies and big aigc models will take the lead in the big Internet plants, capital spending is expected to accelerate, domestic Internet giants compete for big beach ai models, higher demand for arithmetic, and companies and large Internet plants will be tied to depths.
The wave information is the largest server provider in the Internet and cloud computing market. According to idc, the wave in 2021 was 41.8% in China’s Internet sector server market, far above other competitors. The company was the first server supplier to the four leading Internet companies, with 50% of the supply to the four leading Internet companies.
In addition, major domestic Internet-flow plants such as Kyundong, Cyber, Bilibili, and Fast Track are also corporate customers. We believe that the development and landing of aigc technology will be led by a large Internet plant, capital spending is expected to increase, and sales of company servers are expected to increase. Figure 17: Wave servers are the number one in the Internet industry, far more than others.
The market space is wide, the competitive patterns of the industry are stable and the concentration is expected to advance step by step to the head of the manufacturer (i) the exponential increase in the volume of data, the arithmetic growth has lagged behind, and the server industry is expected to grow.
In the context of the rapid growth of global data flows and the boom in public clouds, servers are rapidly expanding in size as the most important computing infrastructure in the cloud network system. According to ciscoglobalindex data, the global data centre traffic size was 6.8 zb in 2016, increasing to 20.6 zb in 2021, with cloud data at 25%;
According to the latest data on idc, the global output of servers in 2021 was 1.54 million, an increase of about 7 per cent compared to 2021 and an increase in the rate of servers in 2019 and 2020, while according to the latest data on idc, the volume of servers in China in 2021 was 3.91 million, an increase of 8.4 per cent compared to the previous year.
A higher growth rate of $25.9 billion (approximately RMB 17.23 billion, slightly higher than expected), same as figure 23: China ' s server output and forecast for acceleration (ii)ai models impose high demand for arithmeticals and increase the demand for ai servers.
The demand for arithmetic is higher than the moor's law, and the server's demand will increase. According to the omenai, the moor's law slows down as a matter of fact, but the amount of data continues to increase, and the rate of growth of the arithmetic is clearly lagging, and the amount of new information available worldwide is the sum of all the information that the computer has ever had. In terms of industrial demand, the amount of data is equal to the amount of information that the computer has been able to produce.
The growth in data volume requires a more arithmetical processing of data, as well as a data base for continuous training and application of new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, which will generate multiple data and counter-arimental demands.
In 2021, according to idc, the size of China's smart computing power reached 155.2 billion floats per second, and in 2022 it will reach 268.0eflops, which is projected to be the size of its smart computing power by 2026.
There will be 100 billion floating point (zflops) levels per second, reaching 1,271.4 eflops; in 2021, China ' s ai ' s servers ranged from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands, depending on the customer ' s specific needs, and the overall cost of the server was much higher than the price of the common server. In addition, the Maori rate of the i ' a server is higher than that of the normal server.
(iii) Industry patterns of competition have stabilized, future concentration is expected to move further towards the headline global server market, and market patterns have stabilized, with Dale, Xinhua, Xinhua III, Waves, and consummation of major market shares. According to idc data, q2 global server markets ranked top five in 2021 in terms of sales revenue
Not to mention Xinhua San, Dale, Wave, Convergence, with 15.7 per cent, 15.6 per cent, 9.4 per cent, 7.0 per cent, 26.7 per cent respectively; from the point of view of volume, the top four global server markets in 2021 were Dale, Xinhua III, Wave, Union, 16.4 per cent, 13.8 per cent, 10.1 per cent and 6.2 per cent respectively, but overall, from 2018 to 2021q2, there was no competition pattern.
On the other hand, the server industry has high barriers to entry. Cost control is critical. The probability of major changes in global server market patterns is low in the medium to long term. The core element is a chip upstream of the server, the chip industry is not very monopolistic, there is a great deal of bargaining power upstream of suppliers, the big downstream Internet buying servers to build new data centres, customers.
The concentration rises, the ability of clients to negotiate has greatly increased, and the gross profitability of server producers should be reduced under the double upward and downstream pressure. The gross profit level and market share of the world’s major server producers also show that their share of the domestic server market continues to be concentrated towards headlines and is expected to increase further in the future.
With the advent of the cloud computing era, domestic professional server manufacturers accelerated technological innovation, achieved penetration into high-end markets, severely squeezed overseas server producers’ share of the Chinese server market and developed space. According to the latest data from idc, the number of servers in China’s market has increased.
In 2021, China ' s server market ranked in the top five, namely, Wave, Xinhua, Xinhua, Xinhua, Xuan, Del, Union, 30.5, 16.8, 11.2, 8.4 and 8.0 per cent respectively.
Given the continuous advances in aigc technology, the build-up of the arithmetic acceleration in the downstream digital economy, the east and west calculations, and the expected expansion of the industry cloud, we appreciate the growth in demand for the server sector.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Manager. With a second-tier market experience and a long-term focus on science and technology corporate research, the University of Sydney joined the Chinese Galaxy Portfolio in 2019, mainly in computer/constructor investment studies.