Two-sink development, improved meat production, less than expected profits, more than anticipated slaughter profits, and a double-sink development report for the first quarter of 2019.
At the level of the combined statements, the harvests were in line with our expectations, the profits were higher than my 1q19 meat harvest by 4.2% on the same date, the acceleration loops were better, the profits were lower by 9.1%, lower than we expected. 1q collected $5.86 billion in 19 years, an increase of 4.2%, although slower than 1q18 (3.4%) but with 1q18 (or 7.4%)
A 2.3 per cent increase, a 1.8 per cent increase in prices, and a preliminary increase in prices at the beginning of the year. 1q19 operating profits were 970 million, down 9.1 per cent from the same year, operating profits were 16.5 per cent from the same year, and 2.4 per cent from the same year, in conjunction with the International Proclamation of Manchuria, mainly due to increased costs of raw materials, wages and marketing, among which we judged that the increase in marketing costs was mainly used.
It's normal for high-end new products to be imported, market inputs to be properly increased, and the following product structure to be optimized. Effectively grasping the time before spring springtime when pigs are underpriced and regional prices are far worse, 1q19 slaughter profits are higher than ever.
At the same time, the price differentials for the pre-spawn area of spring 2019 remain high in conjunction with Boa and telecommunication data. In conjunction with the International Proclamation of Manchuria, we believe that the company is taking advantage of the low cost of pre-spring pig prices and the regional price differentials.
It has the advantage of continuing to achieve a record high level of slaughter and head profit through low-priced and high-priced area limits, with 1q19 pigs slaughtering up to 4.73 million people, 21 per cent more in the same year, and up to $113 in the same year, 92 per cent more in the same year.
The 1q19 slaughter profit is above our expectations, but given the high prices of pigs after the spring season, the low price differentials between regions and the low levels, the scale of the follow-on slaughter in 2019 may be affected, without consideration of the possible impact of imported meat, the average profit will gradually return to normal, while the cost of meat products rises.
“The double-sink development year 2018: performance is in line with expectations of higher prices, higher costs of meat products are spent and product structures are optimized below expectations.”
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.