The slaughter period was set to be flexible, and the price increases for meat products were opened on 29 April 2019, when the company issued its first quarter report for 2019. 19q1 achieved a total of 11.97 billion yuan, or 0.7 per cent;
Mother-to-child net profit of $1.28 billion, or 20.2 per cent, and net profit of $1.22 billion, or 20.9 per cent, increased by 20.71 per cent over the same period, reaching an all-time high, consistent with our previous judgement of the q1 resilience of slaughter operations, which was affected by a season of pigpest, pressure from the bore pads in the North's main production area and the company passing the river.
Factories in the main production areas of the south and northeast are actively configured to increase the size of the slaughter, with 100% capacity projected for major plants like Henan during the quarter. The 19q1 slaughter industry is earning $113.4, an increase of 92.3% compared to last year’s same period, affected by the swine plague, and the q1 national transfer policy has changed, with a transfer of pigs.
Turned to white meat, the slaughtering business benefited from the difference in the price of raw pigs in the main production area and the main distribution area.q1 Frozen meat sales amounted to approximately 366,000 tons, compared to 1 per cent, an increase not equal to the increase in slaughter, mainly due to a significant drop in the price of raw pigs in the main distribution area of 1) q1 and a decrease in the amount of meat imported; and 2) raw meat sales.
Billion, ring ratio +24.65%, is judged to be mainly an increase in stocks of raw meat and low-priced stocks of meat, which provide a buffer against fluctuations in the cost of company meat products. As a result of the fall in the price of pig production in the main production area in the quarter, the average price of pig/pork production in Henan fell by 5.1.16% in the quarter, according to the National Statistical Office.
The price of meat products has been raised several times. q1 meat products have been sold by 38,76 million tons, q1 meat products have been stored, q1 meat products have been recorded by 2% as a strong growth certification firm, and the price of the channels of feedback after the price increases have been raised, and the power plate has been activated. q1 meat products have been increased by 1.4%, with the exception of the price of the gold.
In addition to donations, the trend towards high-priced new products has driven the structure of the product. The Ministry of Meat Industries has 16.5% turnover, corresponding to -2.4 pct, $2,500 per ton operating profit, down 11.5% from the same year, mainly due to higher costs of raw materials + higher wages for people. q1 sales costs 647 million yuan, equal to +50 million, companies
Optimizing the governance structure, with pigpesty hair, increasing market input, and gradually opening up markets. In April 19 the company again raised prices for some meat products, accompanied by a sustained increase in the cost side, with a small number of price hikes moving the cost pressure over time.
We believe that the swine plague is both a challenge and an opportunity for the company.
Opportunities: As a result of the shift in mode of transportation, the country's top companies have increased their profits in the short term and integrated their industries in the long term: in the 19 years of rising domestic prices for pigs, the advantages of importing pork in the United States will also be highlighted, as companies have been laying out from around the world since last year.
Imports, imports, and meats, are currently held in reserves, such as the US-China trade agreement, which is either a record high in the United States. For meat products, since the company’s restructuring in R&D, marketing, etc., has been transformed, marketed and driven, giving rise to new realities, with expectations that higher prices will increase profits.
To explore the risks of rising raw materials, such as chicken, which are not as expected, and to which Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is already in possession of a portfolio investment advisory committee