Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco Double transfer: meat products are repriced and costs are still manageable
Since March, there has been a marked increase in pork prices across the country, mainly in Africa, where the outbreak of swine fever has intensified, and the stock of live pigs has declined significantly. National slaughter data show that the number of pig slaughters fell by 26.05% in February, 3.2% in March, and by April.
13.02%. The overall rate of slaughter is declining as a result of the rise in the prices of pigs and the African epidemic. From our research, the rate of start-up of the double-sink q2 slaughter has remained normal, and q2 slaughter is expected to decline as a result of the low prices of pigs and the high slaughter rate during the same period of the past year.
Sliding. The slaughtering ratio has slightly declined or flattened, mainly because q4 last year and q1 this year was affected by non-continental pigpest, the price difference between the provinces was greater, and the two-sinking fresh meat had a stronger cross-provincial selling capacity, so the rate was higher, and the price difference between the q2 regions was narrow.
Some of the low-level storage of freezes has been released, supporting the Māori rate. For the second half of the year ahead, since the effects of the swine plague have not been clear for the entire industry, at the beginning of the year, the public stock/flow (million shares)
The Department’s target of a year-round slaughter is under some pressure. With the country increasing its total market value/flow (millions of dollars) this year, small slaughterhouses can be phased out, industries tend to concentrate on large enterprises, and we judge double-slaughter.
The amount will not fluctuate significantly, or be slightly smaller than the scale of the slaughter of 16 million last year.
This is the second price increase since the price increase in December last year. Unlike the previous price increase, it was a higher range of low-grade high-school products than the price increase at the end of December.
If the cost rises in the second half of the year, the market share of the main product will be stable. We judge that the meat plate is likely to be sold at one price before the price increase.
Report: The effect of the slaughter continues to be on performance in the second half of the year, but once the price increases have been successful, there will be larger profit bombs when the cost falls.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture, the average wholesale price of pork was $17.85 per kilogram of pork at the beginning of March this year. By mid-June, the price had risen to $22.63 per kilogram of pork, with an increase of $2.2 billion in stocks over 2018q1, assuming that all of the additional stocks were in pork raw materials.
Storage (not taking into account the increase in stocks of finished products), assuming a storage price of 15 yuan/kg, is calculated at 146,000 tons. Based on 1.6 million tons of meat products throughout the year, it is assumed that the share of stocks in raw materials for pork is around 25%.
This year’s cost-control will be better. Imports of low-priced meat from overseas cannot be imported into the domestic market because of the increased tariffs imposed by the China-United States trade war.
By importing low-priced pork raw materials in Manchuria, the cost would have been more modest. The recent rapid rise in pig prices has put a lot of pressure on company slaughter and meat plates, before the company’s low-priced frozen meat began to be sold on the market and profited from the slaughter plate.
The price of meat is expected to have spillover effects on the price of chicken, and the company's chicken business is expected to double its profits.
The long-term value of two-sink profits in a cost-diplomatic cycle, we predict, in 2019, that the company will achieve 50.9 billion yuan in sales revenue, an increase of 4.45 per cent over the same period, that the net return profit of 5181 million African pigs will continue to expand, and that the price of pigs will rise beyond expectations; and that the company will have a management defect;
The price increases were unsuccessful; the economy fluctuated significantly and had a greater impact on consumption.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report