Heconway (002415) Electronics without fear of trade friction, q3 performance on a continuous basis, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company issued its three-quarter report in 2019, which achieved business income of 39.4 billion yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 17.9 per cent in the same year and a net return to the mother of 8.03 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 8.5 per cent in the same year and a deduction of non-net profit of 7.79 billion yuan, an increase of 8.9 per cent in the same year, of which business income of 15.92 billion yuan in the first quarter of the third quarter was realized in the same year.
23.1% of the net profit of the mother, $3.81 billion, an increase of 17.3% from the previous year, $3.67 billion from the non-net profit, slightly higher than expected in the third quarter of the same year, pre-positioned to respond to the international situation. After two years of expansion, the company actively consolidated its domestic and foreign R & D sales resources, working to refine its new production and enhance its local operating and service capabilities.
In the first three quarters, the cost rate was 24.4%, a slight decrease from the first half of the year. Companies continued to restructure their products, increasing the value added of their products, with a relatively stable rate of 46.4% over the previous three quarters.
Significant upgrading of raw material inventory levels, which reached $9.85 billion by the end of the third quarter of the company, an increase of $1.23 billion compared to the end of the second quarter, an increase of $4.04 billion compared to the same period last year, resulting in only $124 million in operating cash flows in the first three quarters, a sharper decline than in the previous quarter, but considering that the fourth quarter was a peak in corporate returns and that the company operated.
The cash flow is expected to improve significantly. At the same time, most of the United States suppliers have resumed supply, and the company’s market space for the security sector has remained wide for the same period, with the ebg and smbg industries performing prominently in the previous three quarters.
The three main clusters of operations (Smbg (Small and Medium Enterprises (SME)) have been effective in synergizing internal resources, providing targeted solutions based on client differences, and achieving efficient allocation of corporate overall resources. The previous three quarters were characterized by high demand from the ebg and smbg industries, mainly commercial clients.
Large-scale, high-quality R & D personnel and R & D spending have been the driving force behind Heicon’s continued growth. The first three quarters have seen the cost of R & D in companies amounting to $4.01 billion, or more than 10% of revenue.
Net interest rates are expected to increase further. • Innovative business continues to open the market: companies speed up aicloud cloud-side integration computing structures, physical integration data 1. Sea Convergence (002415): one quarter is past the low point.
The architecture continues to fall. Over the next few years, companies will open their platforms around aicloud, working with a wide range of partners, and the climate is expected to pick up (2019-04-21), along with efforts to promote the growth of the property networking industry.
2. Heaconway (002415): Snowlight + High Quality Auxiliary Security Industry, set-ai opening the new battlefield – Prospectives for Profit and Investment. We forecast the company ' s three-year net return profit in 2019-2021.
Sea Conway (002415): Channels for short-term inventory impact areas and maintenance of “growth” ratings; period performance increases and company development progresses well in the long term
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.