Wang Wei-chul (002415.sz) c0062@capital.com.tw
The company is well prepared to be part of the list of U.S. entities with limited impact, and the official website of the U.S. Department of Commerce released on 8 October Beijing time (7 October local time) information indicating that 28 entities, including 8 Chinese technology enterprises, including Heiconway, Daehua shares, etc.
Inclusion in the list of export control entities. On the afternoon of 9 October 2019, Heconway held a conference on the inclusion of the United States Department of Commerce in the list of entities, which was mainly limited to the procurement end: the United States Department of Commerce brought together companies such as Heconway.
The decision to enter the List of Entities entered into force at 12 noon Beijing time on 9 October 2019, and the restrictions on the listing of entities have focused mainly on the end of the procurement: (1) restrictions on goods, technology or software originating in the United States from the United States or other countries; and (2) imports of goods originating in the United States from other countries, such as:
The value of items controlled by the United States exceeds 25% and is restricted; (3) products are produced directly from United States-origin technology or software, or from factories built from United States-origin technology or software.
The company has a variety of ways to guarantee supply chain stability: since May 2018, the company has been making multi-faceted preparations to guarantee supply chain stability: (1) the company has been collating all American materials, and the company has been able to use it as a tool to ensure the stability of the supply chain.
Full implementation of U.S. component replacement, with most U.S. component replacements currently available either directly or through new design options, without any or minor impact on product performance; (2) corporate institutional investors as a proportion of circulating a share
An adequate amount of alternative processing time has been secured for companies by increasing inventories (by 90 per cent more raw materials on a year-on-year basis) to deal with a small amount of short-term non-replacement material; and (3) a low volume material company, by adjusting its business strategy, procures it by its clients and uses it in combination with the company ' s product mix.
(4) The company will further increase its R & D investment and increase its research and development efforts in basic areas, from products, systems, to detectors, processors. We believe that the company will be better able to guarantee stability in the supply chain through more than a year of multi-faceted preparation, ranging from increasing inventories to replacement programmes and increasing R & D.
Short-term performance, though volatile, does not change the long-term trend: inclusion in the list of entities may have a short-term impact on the short-term performance of companies, but after more than a year of company preparation and continuous contact with clients
Well, downstream clients are currently well accepted for inclusion in the list of entities and have a high level of trust in the company, and we expect that the actual impact will be limited. In the medium and long term, companies have gained significant advantages in terms of technology and services as global leaders in video surveillance, and companies are linked to video.
We believe that the short-term effects of listing events will not change the long-term trends of companies. Profit expectations: considering that listing companies may cause short-term fluctuations in performance, we are not convinced that a company’s presence on the list of entities will not change the long-term trend.
Chinaresearchdept. Figure: Collections per cent of company ' s domestic and foreign operations (in %) Figure: Māori rates by operation
I'm sorry, chinaresearchdept.