The three-quarterly review of the 2019 Heconway (002415) reported a quarterly improvement in business performance, with a year-round expectation of optimism, 21 October 2019.
Wei Hongmei q3 performed as expected, with a good business performance on a seasonal basis. Prior to this year, the company expected a net profit increase between the first three quarters of the year (0 per cent, 15 per cent) at a real rate of 8.54 per cent, above the forecast.
On a quarterly basis, growth in revenue was 6.17 per cent in the first quarter, 21.46 per cent in the second quarter and 23.12 per cent in the third quarter, while on net profit returns, corporate profitability remained stable and cost control increased.
The rate was 46.44 per cent, an increase of 1.53 percentage points over the same period in the previous year, with regard to net interest rates, the sum of corporate sales, R & D, and administrative cost rates in the first three quarters of the year, as compared to the share of the cost in the first quarter of the year, which was a steady and steady improvement in domestic and overseas operations. For domestic operations, the first three quarters, companies ebg
Pbg operations continued to grow better, with macroeconomic effects, demand depressed in the previous three quarters and expected to warm back in the fourth quarter; overseas operations, affected by trade frictions, companies abroad
Business remains somewhat uncertain, the negative growth trend in United States operations persists, and Turkey is also expected to have some impact as a result of the December minimum price ($) sanctions imposed on the United States economy. Overall, companies expect domestic operations to remain secure.
With steady and steady developments, overseas operations will be in a relatively smooth state. Material supplies are returning, and expectations are expected to be positive throughout the year.
Since then, there have been some restrictions on the supply of materials, which have had an impact on the capacity of companies. Most American suppliers are now returning to supply, and the impact of the upstream ban on raw materials is diminishing.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals. As a global security champion, the company’s business is better organized, channels are more robust, product lines are richer, and medium- and long-term revenues are expected to remain stable.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.