Three-quarter performance improvements are evident, and external influences are slowing down.
Corporate rating: Increase (maintain) Companies issue three-quarter reports in 2019. Operating income of $3.984 billion was realized in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 17.9 per cent in the same year; net profit of the parent 80.3
Research Assistant: There is a clear upward trend in the performance of Wei Daes, 1.q3, stock upgrades to keep the supply chain stable, corporate performance lows in the first quarter of this year and q2-q3 performances
The q3 net interest rate was significantly higher than q2, which increased the company's eligibility for portfolio advisory services The impact of exchange rate fluctuations and increased current exchange rate gains.
Net cash flows have declined considerably, owing to the increased advance of the company ' s supply chain to the layout, a significant increase of 71.96 per cent in inventory since the beginning of the year, flat 1 and a deep-sighted study around machines.
External risks slide. Corporate performance has been improving throughout the year. 2. Investment in R & D has remained constant, and external influences have slowed in the future.
A sustained increase of $4 billion in the first three quarters, a 30.2 per cent increase over the previous three quarters, with higher net profit expectations and 190422 major influencing factors: slower growth in domestic security, foreign trade friction belts
Risks abroad. In the domestic industry, companies are actively transforming the ai cloth; foreign factor boots are on the ground, there are plenty of layouts to remove the supply chain, the relevant components can be replaced by stronger components, and external factors slow down.
As a domestic security leader, the potential space for future business is huge, maintaining an “uptake” rating.
Traditional front-end products have remained stable at a 15% compound acceleration rate, increased penetration rates with the front-end margin calculation, product additions and replacement speeds have gradually increased, with a significant increase in the share of cams projected for 2019-2020.
Backend products are sold in tandem with front end products, with increased demand for video data analysis by downstream clients, and the Division is developing storage integration devices, gpu video graphic intelligence computing devices, etc., specifically for video cognitive calculations, which are expected to be added and updated in sync with the front endai devices. We expect 2019e-2021e to be used in three years.
With 15% growth in revenue from the operation, the marginal effect is evident, the Maori rate is stable, and central control equipment, including structured servers, software, etc. (blades, eagles), increases in penetration and demand with the one-way equipment. The 2019e - 2021e business is expected to grow by 25% over the three-year period.
The revenue from construction is relatively lagging, with 19 years of performance mainly from previous projects, with later growth due to an increase in the number of systems integration projects, such as the Ping-Ann city.
These include robotics other than smart households, car technology, ocean mouth microscopics, seaconway visual storage, machineman intelligence manufacturing, etc., which are currently small, but which are market hot spots and are expected to remain high-growth. Smart homes and other security products are combined into other operations, including flint-related products, building pairs.
The intelligence home is currently small, other secure business stock is open to compliance channels, the report’s analytical logic is based on one’s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.