The Centre for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services
Three quarters of revenue and profits are growing at a faster rate than the previous quarter, and the performance of the company is growing at a better rate: 39,839 million yuan in January-September 2019, an increase of 17.86 per cent in the same year, a net profit attributable to the company's shareholders of 8.027 billion yuan, an increase of 8.54 per cent in the same year, and performance is in line with expectations.
The revenue and profits are growing faster than the same growth circle, and the business is going better on a quarterly basis. For the first quarter of the third quarter, the revenue is $151.5 billion, an increase of 23.12 per cent, the net profit attributable to the company ' s shareholders is $3.81 billion, an increase of 17.31 per cent, and for the second quarter, the return and profit increase is higher than the q3 rate of 24 per cent, compared to the second quarter.
Warm, ebg operations have continued to have new demands, such as a combination of sensors such as vision and radar, which have created new applications in areas such as transport, as well as a gradual increase in corporate governance. Overseas harvests have stabilized, domestic demand has warmed up, and innovative operations are being driven up in the past four quarters.
1. The increase in the Māori rate in the second quarter is evident, with the median forecast expected for the second half of the year showing a net profit of $4,795 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 21.08% over the same period.
Trade friction and the impact of the United States listing companies, the volatility of corporate overseas revenues, the continued decline in United States revenues, and the impact of sanctions on Turkey, which, in general, have stabilized. We believe that domestic demand is gradually improving, pbg is expected to improve steadily in the fourth quarter, and ebg is expected to continue with its rapid growth.
Keeping up, especially with new demands such as garbage classification surveillance, etc., Smbg operations are expected to resume on a step-by-step basis, fluorescent operations, robotic operations are expected to continue to improve, other innovative business such as auto electronics, storage operations are growing rapidly, companies are also actively controlling costs, and the cost rate is falling significantly.
Some American suppliers have started to deliver, gradually reducing their impact, and continue to invest more in research and development to prepare for new changes at 5g. Some American suppliers are now starting to deliver, such as Amber's chip and hard drive suppliers.
The impact of the ban on raw materials is gradually decreasing, and companies are actively storing some of the key imported raw materials and developing new programmes. Companies continue to increase their R & D inputs at a cost of $4.007 billion in the previous three quarters, together with the impact of friction and listing factors, but in the medium and long term, the company's operations are well organized and channeled.
Xing Xin Xian Xian Xian Xian Xian Xian Xian Xian Xian Xian Xiang Xiang Xiang Xian Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xing Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xing Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X
In the 5g era, driven by the ai, high-quality video surveillance and emerging demand, the security industry will rejuvenate the new dynamic and dynamism of the economy, and the company as the global champion of security is expected to benefit positively.
The trade friction between China and the United States has been added to the list of entities, competition has increased further, and either ai or ultra-high clearance penetration has fallen short of expectations.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment