In the first half of the year, the performance was excellent, the second half of the year was high + the low base.
The net gain after deduction was $11.28 billion, an increase of 33.1 per cent, 27.8 per cent and 28.2 per cent, respectively, and ps $8.96 per cent, a gain of $8.00 billion, an increase of +24 per cent. We believe that the growth in corporate income of 17h1 reflects a strong demand in the market.
2) The 17h1 series achieves income of 2.550 billion, compared with 269%, and completes half of the 4.3 billion target for the year. The first six months of the series are expected to go through the "Network" process through recruitment and the creation of a model market layout.
Reduced actual deliveries result in lower cash flow and pre-receipt rings. 1) 17h1 sells goods, reduced volumes, and changes in the market sales policy.
Zhang, while the market was gradually increasing in June with the maturing of the puppies, it still affected the second quarter of the year. The pamphlet has also taken the initiative to adjust the dealer’s fund-raising policy, which is one month ahead of schedule, and to reduce the user’s fund occupancy.
▪ The cost of a series of wines has been gradually stabilized, the tax impact has diminished over the years, and the net gain of q2 has been higher than expected. 530 million, or 142 per cent, of the sale cost, is due mainly to increased supply of the series. The company's revenue for the second quarter of the year has been stable by $1.61 billion and the cost of spending has stabilized. q2 sales cost 4.5 per cent.
The scale effect of the ring q1 sales cost rate is 6.1%, a decrease of 1.6 pct. 2) q2 taxes and the additional tax and income recognition link are not matched and will be recognized gradually for the second half of the year.
Ping, the impact of the same-year tax increase will be phased out. The season has begun to expand, and supply and demand patterns are still on the rise: grass-roots research, with most distributors now implementing the June quota, supply and demand conflicting, passing through $1,400, and terminal still.
We believe that manufacturers are faced with market speculation, such as dealers hoarding, selling, and so forth, and that the ultimate hope is that the pots will be placed in the hands of consumers. Meanwhile, when the second half of the season comes, the manufacturers will do more, and we expect to deliver 15,000 tons in the second half of the year, with a target of 26,000 tons in the year.
But the overall supply and demand pattern has not changed in the high-end white-supplier cycle, and the projected drop in prices has been limited. The future does not rule out the 18-year rise in the prices of the plants and the increase in the prices.
It is expected that the plant and channel will be redistributed and the end benefits will be distributed. 2. The country's wines are flavoured and continue to make profit forecasts and investment proposals: taking into account the low season of the second quarter of Maotai and the stress of the first half of the year.
In the case of insufficient goods, income profits continued to grow at an accelerated pace in the first half of the year, and markets are expected to expand in the second half of the year.
Alternative, maintenance of the “buy-in” rating 5. Kodai, Guizhou: the most powerful white wine brand, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.