q2 maintaining high growth and the trend upwards in the country's capital.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company basics (RMK) Kotai, Guizhou, published its semi-annual 2017 report, which achieved business income of $24.190 billion during the reporting period.
The q2 quarter realized business income of $10,881 million, i.e. +32.95%, and the net return to the mother of $1,208 million less, which is also in line with market judgment. The revenue increase was slightly higher than expected, and the advance balance was slightly lower than at the end of q1: h1 pow
Revenues of $21,627 million, an increase of 23.77 per cent over the same period; q2 Q2 Q$9261 million for the first quarter. Estimates indicate that the revenue of the first half of the fiscal year recognized for the first half of the year was about 13,000 tons, of which q1 7,500 tons and q2 5,500 tons were sold.
1. “Performance beyond expectations, high-end recovery best identified species - Guotai company review”, 201,745 million target assignments with almost no pressure and 5 billion with greater probability of achieving the target (for the second half of the year)
It's usually slightly higher than in the first half of the year. Overall income ends are at $24.109 billion, up from about 700 to 750 tons, and then the actual q2 market volume is basically matched.
The company’s acceptance of advance payments from distributors is therefore not radical, and in the larger context of q2 overall control, the decrease in advance payments is also consistent with the “q2 release” judgment that we have emphasized in our previous report. The alcohol-series share has increased significantly in relation to the low Maori rate, and the consumer-tax-rate ratio has not risen significantly: the first half of the year series.
High-speed growth in alcohol, especially in the second quarter, which is more pronounced than the first quarter (q1 series) with six months of income over 16 years, is significantly higher than the 23,77 per cent growth in the Maotai Liquor business.
However, since the overall tax and the added amount/income share q2 ring q1 still fall, there is no possibility that the q2 fee tax amount ring will rise significantly. q2 has a cost of 12.33% for the whole period, a decrease in the administrative cost rate.
The second half of the year was more complex, and the pace of delivery was consistent with sustainable development: during the last week, the price of the batch was “low season” as a normal attribute. Since the beginning of the 16th year, the price increase for the batch had been close to $600, which had reached the current actual level of about $1,400, and had been used against the background of Mao's proactive regulation.
Slip cycles work to some extent, especially after this spring season, when controls have been strengthened. The q2 output is actually lower than previously anticipated, and we judge that it is the producers who rely more on administrative means in the low seasons, and the seasons that have to be flattened by delivery, so the acceleration in the second half of the year is inevitable.
The price of the previous flight day actually exceeded the firm’s price limits, so that the second half of the year’s price game would be more complicated, and the attitude of producers to counter the price increase at a faster rate would not change from a sustainable development point of view, but it would also be unlikely that the price cycle would be reversed in the short term.
p28xo Analysis of Report Rating Ratios in the Market
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.