Kodai, Guizhou (600519). High-performance growth, series of bright drinks, food drinks, white wine, and production of a series of 42,198.18 tons of base wine, compared to the same increase.
The revenue/net gains have been growing rapidly, with a series of wines showing remarkable performance: in the first half of the year, corporate income and net profits continued to grow at a rapid rate of one quarter, of which q2 was positive for a single quarter of 100 million yuan, an increase of 31.03 per cent over the same period.
Billion dollars, an increase of 23.77 per cent in the same year; 2,549 million dollars in the same line of wine, the same amount of hot sales, but the performance of the same series of wine, which in the first half of the year was already above the level of 2,127 million yuan in last year's whole year, is in white wine.
The share in the intake reached 10.54 per cent, an increase of 6.74 pct over the same period, a large increase in alcohol series and a lower Māori rate, and an increase in the cost of selling: 89.62 per cent of total Māori in the first half of 2017, a decrease of 2.26 pct over the same period, mainly in relative gross terms.
This is due to a significant increase in sales costs, which rose by 255.91 per cent, from nearly $1 billion to $1.379 billion, mainly due to the company's promotion of the “133” brand strategy and the “5+5” market strategy for the sauce series during the reporting period.
Field inputs; management costs decreased by 1.95 percentage points to 7.97 per cent; “water cisterns” remained high, with a three-quarter releaseable period: the first half of the year was due to a low level of advance payments and adjustments to the payment policy.
Continued strength, with supply remaining tight for almost two months. Earlier, the group had promised to double market access this year, during the mid-autumn seasons, and was expected to rise in the third quarter, with a 6.6 per cent increase compared to the previous quarter, as consumption demand improved and escalated in the future.
The dichotomy of the alcohol industry will become increasingly evident, with a significant increase in sales of high-end and sub-high-end white wine expected, low-end liquor sales to be squeezed by sub-end and high-end white wine, with higher-end white wine performing even more prominently; (2) the series has always been the same.
The company's short-form, and the company's own company has set up a wine company to run a series of wines, and by changing marketing patterns, it has continued to move towards the goal of “doing one-size-fits-all, do-all”, and now the construction of the Guizhou model market is over, Henan, Henan.
The replication of the model in Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shanghai, Anhui, and Fujian 7 provinces will be the focus of the second half of the year, with the prospect of impacting the target of $5 billion throughout the year.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.