Mid-2021: Trading-driven corporate growth, technology, Chu Jie Yu, operating revenue of $18.2 billion, +17.3 per cent, predominantly self-employed ($7.2 billion, +33 per cent).
and credit operations (19 billion yuan, +87 per cent); corporate return net profits are equal to +21.3 per cent; technological means such as intelligence create integrated platforms for large-scale data trading operations that drive up the scale and profitability of transactions, derivative financial instruments are rising and yielding gains of $2.34 billion in fair value change.
The loss was reversed to a gain (US$ 760 million over the same period last year). 3) The value-a market was more active in terms of credit transactions, and the company ' s capital intermediation business was well developed, with net interest earnings ranging from +87 to 1.9 billion yuan, the parent to 7.74 per cent, the second largest in the industry. 4) The company ' s net profit return was higher than the recovery rate in 2021.
During the first half of the year, companies were exposed to the risk of purchasing assets such as re-selling financial assets and borrowing funds; losses of $190 million (same as -115 per cent) were reversed; the quality of assets was tightened; technology-enabling wealth management, with a double-wheel-drive growth in revenue from institutional services.
Financial technology and digitalization have transformed the business management model and led to the upgrading of the wealth management industry. Companies have further strengthened their foundation on the advantages of trading services from advanced digital wealth management platforms, with an average of “grown wealth” during the reporting period.
Monthly activity amounted to 8.458,000 people, first in the securities company category; “Girl Global” average monthly activity amounted to 10.17 million people, compared with +14.7 per cent at the beginning of the year, and the company will continue to seize strategic opportunities for deep development in the wealth management market in the second half of the year to promote wealth management operations to service and asset allocation throughout the client's life cycle.
(ii) Four hundred and twenty-oneh1 million yuan (+52.3% for the same year) in corporate business, which received a double share of the share of the city. Of this amount, the ipo was charged a significant increase of 231 to 16.5 billion yuan in the same volume, which provided strategic opportunities for the development of corporate services, and the company’s market position and brand excellence in the company’s investment market.
• Continued intensification of the overseas layout, cross-border networking and the creation of new opportunities for development. 1) The company’s overseas operations have developed rapidly, with overseas revenues of $2.78 billion in the first half of 2021 (+45.8% of total revenue).
18.3%. Washington International has continued to strengthen the group ' s offshore business head office role, with assets growing steadily on a multi-billion-dollar basis, with combined strength rising steadily to the top of Hong Kong ' s first class of bond dealers. 2) 2021h1 subsidiary ' s sharemark asset size is from 14% to $84.6 billion in the United States at the beginning of the year.)
Annual Report: Performance meets expectations, with a Tamp industry city share of 11 per cent, ranked third, and will provide a powerful internationalization platform for corporate wealth management in the future, enabling a deep cross-border expansion of the entire business chain. 3) U.S. wealth management industry is independent.
Science and Technology Empowerment 2021 - Building Integrated Technology Platforms, upgrading customized and scale-based services, strengthening advanced investment management capabilities, and maintaining a focus on high-quality strategic M&A opportunities, will continue to drive growth in outreach.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: firm performance maintained robust growth in 2021, technology-enhanced wealth management, transitions advanced, platformed, eco-developed services systems grinding the entire business chain, booming overseas, growth highlighting competitive advantages, long-term prospects for development, and we increased net profits from 2021-2023.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), it has been assigned to the Securities Investment Advisory Board.