On April 27, Lungi shares published 2021 and the first quarterly report 2022, generating revenues of $18.6 billion in 2021, an increase of 17 per cent and a net profit of $2,664 million, an increase of 6 per cent, slightly exceeding market expectations.
Business as a whole maintains a high rate of growth, sits first on silicon/assembly global exports, operates cash flow tables, is strong: companies successfully overcome multiple business challenges in 2021, such as price volatility in the industrial chain, changes in product specifications, scarcity of logistics resources, restructuring of end demand and delivery of silicon/assemblies
High-Quality Profiting Under Pressure 70gw/38.5gw, both macro and micro, continues to be the top industry, with components growing by 55 per cent on a year-on-year basis, significantly surpassing industry growth and achieving full global market leadership in major regional markets, driving companies into annual positions.
2. "Components have expanded their advantage, the long line of moats has grown, and income and net profits are both historically high. It is also worth noting that in 2021, the company ' s net operating cash flows reached $12.3 billion, significantly exceeding net profits for the third year in a row, showing a core business line.
The loss of exchange and fixed assets impairment/disposal masked performance: the company ' s 2021q4 financial costs surged significantly to $590 million a single season due to exchange losses, while the fixed assets were impaired and disposed of throughout the year in 2021.
Performance, however, effectively maintained the company’s asset quality and future profitability at a leading level. q1 operated undisguisedly, and the level of profit was likely to rise seasonally: 19.3% Māori for components due to frictions in international trade and orders, while 18gw for silicon tablets and maintenance of Māori.
Twenty-three per cent of the relative heights, measuring net profits from the export of silicon tablets/integrated components at around $ 0.12.0.14/w. Company q1 stock and contract liabilities at the end of q1 amounted to $21.6 billion and $9.0 billion, respectively, and revenue from q2 components was recognized as promising, with the release of silicon supplies and the company ' s 4+15gw new technology capacity from q3 onwards.
With new technologies, differentiated products that create long-term competitiveness, silicon silicon advantages are expected to bloom twice: we always admit (8621) 61357595.
For differentiation to be a core element of competition in the future of the components, the company is expected to achieve a large and thin flow of technology in the industry, with sustained large-scale, multi-routine and highly differentiated R & D input configurations.
The ongoing trend towards efficiency and precision in the battery technology process, and the continued upgrading of silicon quality requirements, are also expected to lead to a fuller release of the company’s long-standing technological advantages in the silicon sector.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment