The company released its annual report for 2021, generating 80,932 million yuan, an increase of 48.3 per cent over the same period;
The silicon component is growing at a high rate, and the city accounts for the highest global output. By 2021, 70 gw of single crystal silicone was achieved, a 21 per cent increase compared to the previous year, with 33.92gw sold out and self-used 36.09gw; 38.52gw of single crystal component sold out, a 37.24gw increase compared to the previous year.
55.45% of the sales of components have taken a full lead in major global markets such as Asia and the Pacific, Europe, and Central and East Africa, and the head has been further strengthened. By the end of the year 21, the company had silicon, battery, component capacity, not 105gw, 37gw, and 60gw. By the end of the year, silicon capacity was planned to reach 150gw.
Battery capacity is 60 gw and component capacity is 85 gw. New battery technology is leading industry change, except for the old fabric. The company ' s business of silicon in 21 years is about 27.5% Māori, a decline of 2.8 pct compared to the previous year, mainly due to high silicon prices and logistics costs.
Low silicon and component start-up rates, with a silicon output utilization rate of 72.4 per cent, and component capacity utilization rate of 68.5 per cent. With silicon production capacity released in 22 years, raw material cost pressures have been reduced, while companies have formed partnerships with silicon enterprises such as Tungwei, which will continue to increase silicon investment and start-up.
With regard to batteries, there has been a sustained breakthrough in new and efficient technologies that have been developed autonomously, and the efficiency of the research and development of cells of type n topcon, hjt, and p perc is constantly updating the world record. With regard to components, companies standardize silicon and components to promote high-quality development.
Motivated to create differentiated products and raise the level of profit from integration. 2022q1 achieved a single crystallized silicon \triangleright plate of 18.36gw, with sales of 8.42gw, self-service 9.94gw, silicon rods and other products.
Silicon silicon has a Māori rate of 23.2 per cent; it has achieved a single crystal component of 6.44gw, of which 6.35gw is sold externally, with a self-utilization rate of 0.09gw and a battery and component Māori rate of 19.3 per cent, and is expected to produce 90-100gw (including self-use) in 2022 and 50-60gw (including self-use) in components.
In the business of bipv, the subsidiaries enter into equity transfer agreements with the Sent shares for the consolidation of the Sunda Securities Company, Inc., and the Sent shares will take over, implement and deliver the company's construction photovoltaic integration project, which will be dedicated to themselves.
The company has been active in accelerating the industrialization and capacity-building of new battery technologies, Leïttt, Beijing.
The 4gw single crystal battery project is expected to start production in August this year, and the 15gw high-efficiency single crystal battery project is expected to start production in September this year. The company will be able to produce batteries with different structures to meet distribution and ground power station products in the future, changing the previous product.
Risk factors: Additional photovoltaic loaders do not meet the expected risk; capacity expansion does not meet the expected risk; and battery film technology development does not meet the expected risk. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in the year for new energy sector research on electrical equipment.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.