3-quarterly review 2022: continued high performance, on October 28, 2022
#Import substitution event: the company issued a three-quarterly report in 2022.
2022q1-q3 achieved operating income of 1.978 billion yuan, or +81.86 per cent; of this, 883 million yuan, or +90.87 per cent, was in the middle of the performance forecast. On the basis of cleaning equipment, the company actively expanded new products such as semiconductor plating, piped equipment, and related products.
By the end of 2022q3, the revenue end is expected to continue to grow at a high rate throughout 2022 as the equipment continues to be delivered.  The cost rate fell during the climb & period, and the net interest rate of q3 off-repatriate was equal to +15 pct
They are judged to have benefited mainly from factors such as product structural optimization, domesticization of parts and components — a reduction in size. (2) The fall in cost is mainly a scale effect, and the sharp fall in financial cost is mainly a gain or loss on exchange. 3) Corporate profit-side performance has resulted in some repression.
In mid-2022, the U.S. sanctions escalation had a manageable impact on the company, and the platform layout opened up the growth space.
On 7 October, the United States issued a general restriction on the sale of semiconductor and chip manufacturing equipment to China, further regulated the equipment on 128 floors and above on the Nand chip, 18 nm and below, and imposed certain restrictions on American technicians, triggering a market for the subsequent expansion of storage and company cores.
We believe that, as the US continues to press on China's semiconductor industry, it will accelerate the pace of Hsien Mae Shanghai (688082): in 2022, the semiconductor industry will be autonomous, especially with regard to the import replacement of the equipment chain.
Quarterly review: q1 is significantly burdened by the epidemic, while market leaders are actively engaged in platform extension and open up growing space. 1 Wet process, extend advanced cover & plating equipment. 1) Advanced cover wet equipment: vastly covered.
Part of a single piece of wet equipment, successfully supplied to customers such as microelectric, medium core long power, nepes, etc., in the discharge phase; (2) ecp plating equipment: 2021m10 received a demo order from a major semiconductor manufacturer in Asia and the first bulk purchase order in February 2022 (13 front-line copper companies plus 8 backtracks advanced)
After May 2022, the state-of-the-art containment and plating equipment was awarded another 10 batch purchases from indigenous leading customers, and the scale of operations expanded faster.2 The horizontal expansion of dry equipment was based on a stand-alone tube: the company achieved the first sale of equipment in the year, with subsequent product volumes, further opening up the space for growth.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Given the company's adequacy of hand orders, we maintain the company's 2022 - more prominent growth - and the “growth” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board