2025年5月27日
杭州银行（600926. SH）
优于大市
转债触发强赎，高成长优质行将迎价值重估
◆ 公司研究・公司快评
◆ 银行・城商行Ⅱ
◆ 投资评级:优于大市(维持)
事项:
个交易日的收盘价不低于“杭银转债”当期转股价格 11.35 元/股的 130%(含 130%,即不低于 14.76 元/
股），根据《杭州银行股份有限公司公开发行 A 股可转换公司债券募集说明书》的相关约定，已触发
“杭银转债”的有条件赎回条款。
评论: 夯实资本, 优质高成长银行
截止 2025 年一季度末，公司核心一级资本充足率 9. 01%，杭银转债未转股余额为 106. 37 亿元。据此测算未转股余
额完成转股后可提振核心一级资本充足率 0.83 个百分点，资本进一步夯实，规模高增有望延续。
年增速下降了 7.4 个百分点；实现归母净利润同比增长 17.3%，较 2024 年增速下降了 0.8 个百分点。营收增速下降主
要受其他非息收入同比下降拖累，一季度净利息收入同比增长了 6.8%。信贷延续了高增态势，期末总资产 2.22 万亿
元, 贷款总额 1.00 万亿元, 存款总额为 1.35 万亿元, 较年初分别增长 5.2、6.2%和 6.0%。其中, 对公贷款（不含贴
现）较年初增长了 11. 7%，大零售贷款较年初下降了 1. 3%，期末零售贷款占贷款总额的 30. 3%。
期末不良率 0.76%，与年初持平，处在上市银行前列；关注类 0.54%，逾期率 0.69%，逾期 90+贷款率为 0.46%，均处
在低位，资产质量优质。2024年公司大幅核销 55 亿元，进一步做实资产质量。期末，公司期末拨备覆盖率降至
530%, 排在上市银行首位, 风险抵补能力充足。
图3: 上市银行 2025 年 3 月末不良率
图4: 上市银行 2025 年 3 月末拨备覆盖率
投资建议
对于杭州银行，公司治理机制和区域经济优势明显，高成长属性价值彰显；同时，伴随贸易冲击逐步显现，逆周期政策有望进一步加码，以杭州银行外代表的
城投占比较高的银行也有望进一步受益，因此公司具备短期催化和中长期高成长优质标的双重逻辑，维持“优于大市”评级。
整体而言，“低利率环境+保险/ETF 增量资金+公募持仓调整”环境下 ROE 稳定且高分红的银行具备不错的配置的价值，下半年以杭州银行、江苏银行和成都
银行为代表的受益逆周期政策加码的优质城商行有望跑出超额收益；同时，招商银行、常熟银行等具备核心竞争优势的个股也具备不错的投资价值。
中美贸易冲突加剧超市场预期，导致经济复苏缓慢，信贷扩张和资产质量下行拖累业绩增长。
相关研究报告:
《杭州银行(600926. SH)2024年报点评-经营稳健,优质高成长区域行》—
《杭州银行(600926. SH)2024年三季报点评-净息差趋稳,拨备充足》
—2024-10-22
《杭州银行（600926. SH）2024 年半年报点评-营收提速，拨备以丰补歉》
-2024–08–29
财务预测与估值
Information Disclosures
Stock ratings, sector ratings and related definitions
Stock Ratings:
The Benchmark: Hong Kong Hang Seng Index
Time Horizon: 6 to 12 months
Buy
Relative Performance>20%; or the fundamental outlook of the company or sector is favorable.
Accumulate
Relative Performance is 5% to 20%; or the fundamental outlook of the company or sector is favorable.
Relative Performance is -5% to 5%; or the fundamental outlook of the company or sector is neutral.
Neutral
Reduce
Relative Performance is -5% to -20%; or the fundamental outlook of the company or sector is unfavorable.
Sell
Relative Performance <-20%; or the fundamental outlook of the company or sector is unfavorable.
Sector Ratings:
The Benchmark: Hong Kong Hang Seng Index
Time Horizon: 6 to 12 months
Outperform
Relative Performance>5%; or the fundamental outlook of the sector is favorable.
Neutral
Relative Performance is -5% to 5%; or the fundamental outlook of the sector is neutral.
Underperform
Relative Performance<-5%; or the fundamental outlook of the sector is unfavorable.
Interest disclosure statement
The analyst is licensed by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission. Neither the analyst nor his/her associates serves as an officer of the
listed companies covered in this report and has no financial interests in the companies.
Guosen Securities (HK) Brokerage Co., Ltd. and its associated companies (collectively "Guosen Securities (HK)") has no disclosable financial
interests (including securities holding) or make a market in the securities in respect of the listed companies. Guosen Securities (HK) has no
investment banking relationship within the past 12 months, to the listed companies. Guosen Securities (HK) has no individual employed by the
listed companies.
Disclaimers
The prices of futures and options may move up or down, fluctuate from time to time, and even become valueless. Losses may be incurred as well
as profits made as a result of buying and selling futures and options.
The prices of securities may fluctuate up or down. It may become valueless. It is as likely that losses will be incurred rather than profit made as a
result of buying and selling securities.
The content of this report does not represent a recommendation of Guosen Securities (HK) and does not constitute the forecast on any futures
and/or options. Guosen Securities (HK) may be seeking or will seek investment banking or other business (such as placing agent, lead manager,
sponsor, underwriter or proprietary trading in such securities) with the listed companies. Individuals of Guosen Securities (HK) may have personal
investment interests in the futures and/or options mentioned in this report.
The content of this report does not represent a recommendation of Guosen Securities (HK) and does not constitute any buying/selling or dealing
agreement in relation to the securities mentioned. Guosen Securities (HK) may be seeking or will seek investment banking or other business (such
as placing agent, lead manager, sponsor, underwriter or proprietary trading in such securities) with the listed companies. Individuals of Guosen
Securities (HK) may have personal investment interests in the listed companies.
This report is based on information available to the public that we consider reliable, however, the authenticity, accuracy or completeness of such
information is not guaranteed by Guosen Securities (HK). This report does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial
situation or needs of individual clients and does not constitute a personal investment recommendation to anyone. Clients are wholly responsible
for any investment decision based on this report. Clients are advised to consider whether any advice or recommendation contained in this report
is suitable for their particular circumstances. This report is not intended to be an offer to buy or sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the
securities mentioned.
This report is for distribution only to clients of Guosen Securities (HK). Without Guosen Securities (HK)'s written authorization, any form of
quotation, reproduction or transmission to third parties is prohibited, or may be subject to legal action. Such information and opinions contained
therein are subject to change and may be amended without any notification. This report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or use by,
any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be
contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject Guosen Securities (HK) and its group companies to any registration or licensing
requirement within such jurisdiction.
信息披露
公司评级、行业评级及相关定义
公司评级
参考基准:香港恒生指数
评级区间: 6 至 12 个月
相对表现超过 20%, 或公司、行业基本面良好。
相对表现介于 5%至 20%之间，或公司、行业基本面良好。
相对表现介于-5%至5%之间，或公司、行业基本面中性。
相对表现介于-5%至-20%之间,或公司、行业基本面不理想。
相对表现低于-20%, 或公司、行业基本面不理想。
行业评级
参考基准: 香港恒生指数
评级区间: 6 至 12 个月
跑赢大市
相对表现超过5%,或行业基本面良好。
相对表现介于-5%至5%之间,或行业基本面中性。
跑输大市
相对表现低于-5%, 或行业基本面不理想。