Cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of billions of dollars in market-market growth logic, and a network of friends based on comparative research by four major erp manufacturers.
Companies are the leading business management software and cloud services in the country. Industry patterns: The erp industry is expected to accelerate recovery, with major players accelerating the process of clouding transformation. Providers with a broad client base.
Since 2016, it has developed into three major business sectors: cloud services, software, finance, and so on, as a result of supply-side reforms, rising labour costs, and the commercialization and maturity of new technologies.
The erp sector is gradually warming, and the recovery is expected to accelerate. The country’s erp-wide market is high, with a new strategic layout for integration. From strategy 3.0 to use friends (31%), sap (14%), and golden flute (12%) are in the top three, high end markets.
So, cloud services and financial operations are growing year by year, and the future will be the main growth point for companies. Firms rely on full production, TNCs have an overwhelming advantage, the sum of the saps and oracles is more than 50%, and it is not expected that.
Lines, rich customer delivery experience, and remarkable research and development are inevitable trends, and the erp market will be accompanied by a process of nationalization and cloud transformation, with a strong presence in the domestic erp industry.
A step-by-step move to raise the city’s share of head producers. Trends in national production: traditional erp-based alternatives stimulate high-end demand, and M&As improve industrial layout.
The company is an important partner in the development of Chinese ecology, and, in the context of trade friction between China and the United States, the high-end demand for alternative domestic production in the market will increase the company ' s traditional software business considerably, while the company continues to improve its business plates such as crm, plm, bi and finance and cars through various M&A initiatives.
After this, it is hoped that the extension of industry’s low-value landmarks will continue, that the integrated enterprise solution of the company’s “Cloud Transfer” era will be improved, and that the network of friends will be promoted across the hundreds of billions of market values. Cloud transformation growth: boxing takes over the Saas market, and iuap enabling ecology will continue.
The company opens up its middle-end business market with its customer resources plus technology advantages, u8doud has a rate of renewal of over 80%, and there's still some room for growth; since its launch, nccloud has contracted a number of large clients from different industries, enabling large firms to digitize.
ioap, which helps companies to build their own ecological barriers, is expected to become incremental, corporate profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies are leading the erp industry, and are expected to continue to lead the erp industry as a whole in the process of cloudization. We expect companies to be able to do the same in 2019-2021.
East Hing Securities reports one of the depth reports of the Friends Network (600588): cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of billions of dollars in market-market growth logic.
1. Corporate profile: Strategy 3.0 has accelerated transition, and the share of cloud services and financial plates has grown year by year 1.1 National erp taps have gradually moved to the corporate Internet age, using Friends Network (600588.sh), established in 1988 and placed on the market in 2001, as the leading enterprise management software and cloud in the country.
The company has a wide client base in the country, which, after more than 30 years of development, has created an integrated, integrated, eco-style business digitized platform, with a cumulative total of over 25,000 large clients serving the company as of 2017, covering 58% of the country’s 100 billion-degree class.
Since its inception, the company has gone through three major periods: (1) alumni 1.0 (finance and sector-level services): roll-out of LAN-based finance software (v5.0fordos) to drive the country
(ii) Friends 2.0 (erp and enterprise-level services): The introduction of a friend-u8 sign into the erp era, the improvement of the enterprise management software layout through a large number of mergers and acquisitions, and the provision of modules to clients on applications and services, including erp, crm, plm, etc., in areas including human resources, customer relations, and industry, including financial and administrative services, automobiles, tobacco, etc., contribute to the transformation of Chinese enterprises into information.
The number of clients of the enterprise's Internet services reached 800,000 each year. (3) With a friend 3.0 (column computing and social services): based on the latest IT technology such as mobile Internet, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence etc., a new strategic layout has been developed with the use of the cloud at its core.
Figure 2: Three steps towards a strategic transformation of the company 1.2 Stockholdings are highly concentrated and management is gradually rejuvenating
Wang Wenjing resigned from the company ceo on 1 January 2019 and was replaced by Chen Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang, who joined his friends in 2000 and participated in research and development, implementation, sale, etc.
Figure 3: Chairman Wang Wenjing is the real controller of the company.
In 2018, the company generated $7.7 billion in operating income, an increase of 21 per cent in the same year. The net return to the mother was $600 million, an increase of 57 per cent in the same year, as a result of a significant increase in cloud services and financial operations. In terms of income structure, the share of traditional soft costs and expenses continued to decline, while cash on stock increased significantly, providing viable space for subsequent mergers and acquisitions.
In terms of distribution, the cost of corporate sales fell to 21 per cent and was at its lowest level in five years, with a financial cost of 1.4 per cent down by 46 per cent over the same period, and cash deposits were $5.5 billion, an increase of 38 per cent over the same period. This was mainly due to the fact that companies paid large interest-bearing liabilities in 2018 and provided financial security for subsequent company mergers and acquisitions at the same time as the financial burden was eased.
In recent years, corporate R & D costs have continued to rise, driven by strategic transformational factors, and R & D costs have been higher than those of competing counterparts. Companies own R & D systems, including headquarters platforms and applied R & D centres, and continue to work for strategic transformation. The average R & D costs of companies in the last four years have been 1.1 billion yuan, corresponding to an increase of 64 per cent compared to the pre-transition rate and 20 per cent compared to the pre-transition rate of 24 per cent. As of 2018, firms outperformed their R & D staff.
More than 5,000 people, or 32% of the total number of companies. As the cloud business is still in the window, it is expected that the company will continue to invest in research and development and maintain the growth of the East's wealth and wisdom.
2.1 The erp sector is expected to accelerate recovery by 2012, mainly due to (i) rapid macroeconomic development, which led to high revenues from traditional software, and (ii) complementarities between international erp giants and domestic producers to work together to open up customer channels.
Until 2012, corporate ii spending was highly correlated with macroeconomics. In the past, the economy had been driven by demand side by investment, exports, etc., in a broad-based growth pattern characterized by quantitative expansion, when the target clients of business management software were manufacturing enterprises, at the heart of the process within the enterprise.
In collaboration with clients who want to achieve efficiency gains through the finance, marketing, and production management modules, the prevalence of traditional software has risen rapidly, driven by the high rate of new manufacturing start-ups. On the other hand, our autonomous producers have contributed to the transformation of small and medium-sized enterprises’ information by virtue of their competitive advantages, such as low prices and home-grown reforms.
With its well-developed functional modules and advanced management concepts, the sap, oracles and other international erp giants quickly hit the country, such as sap-contracting petrochemicals, China Petroleum, Hale, Unions, etc. But because the software architecture of these internationalized companies is designed for large enterprises, it may not match the business processes and management structures of SMEs because it is expensive and limited to separation from the implementation team.
In response to this phenomenon, local erp manufacturers have not only fine-tuned software interfaces, language glossion, etc., but have also combined service networks throughout the country to respond to customers’ needs and quickly seized their share of the market. From 2012 to 2015, they were affected by macroeconomic fluctuations, the manufacturing landscape was poor, and customers were interested in cloud technology as a result of technological transformations within the industry.
Development prospects are mixed, with domestic growth in the erp market in a steep downward trend, with a 10 per cent increase by 2015 after 2016, with multi-factor resonance of the erp back on the fast track. (1) As the economy enters a new normal, it is difficult to sustain a development model based on investment in resource elements and scale-up, as the China Manufacturing 2025 framework states, “with a view to accelerating the integration of the new generation of information technology and manufacturing industries into the depth of the new generation.
The main line of action is to promote intelligent manufacturing.” As supply-side reforms deepen, the impact of economic fluctuations on business spending will diminish; (2) the labour supply will shrink as the country ' s population is ageing and fertility drops, resulting in rising wage costs. The implementation of erp will effectively reduce the cost of business management, manufacturing, purchasing, etc., and increase the profitability of enterprises; and (3) benefit technology transitions.
Cloud erp brings new business growth points. The cloud erp system, in the form of monthly payments, is initially less costly and has the advantage of rapid deployment and dynamic adjustment, which facilitates rapid progress among small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs); and (4) repeated trade frictions have resulted in the increasing importance of national production substitution and self-controllability in the area of information security.
An overview of the pattern of competition in the domestic erp market in the East, which is the source of financial and intellectual growth, 2.2, is highly concentrated in our erp sector, with a near-fiscal monopoly pattern, with the domestic erp market increasing from year to year, but high-end markets.
The market is still dominated by large TNCs. The domestic market of the erp as a whole is high, with friends (31%), sap (14%), golden flutters (12%) in the third place, TNCs in high-end markets are dominant, the sum of the sap and oracle markets is more than 50%, and it is expected that the future trend of the erp switch will be inevitable, and the erp market will be accompanied by the process of national production and cloud transformation, showing a further trend towards upgrading the market to top producers.
Our erp market is dominated by the sap, oracle, a friend, a golden butterfly, and so on. The sap and sap are concentrated in high-end markets, the sap have a comparative advantage in complex manufacturing areas such as separation and process, and is dominated by large-scale manufacturing, and the oracle is better than financial telecommunications.
But due to the lack of a wide range of channels and a sufficient number of service providers, it may not be as fast to respond to customers as local manufacturers. A friend and a gold butterfly are two of the most well-known local manufacturers, with a well-connected product base and a large user base, while a gold butterfly's main hit is more competitive and transforms into a cloud.
While the strategy has gained momentum, domestic manufacturers need to improve the functionality of manufacturing modules and industry applications. In recent years, international giants such as Sap and oracle have introduced solutions for small and medium-sized enterprises, using amigos and butterflies, which used to be concentrated in small and medium-sized enterprise client groups, and as the government has been promoting the growth of small and medium-sized enterprises on cloud and industrial Internet processes, friends and butterflies have gradually introduced their own high-end products.
Lines, hopefully, can be replaced by national production and gradually move toward high-end erp market penetration. The source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, Sap and oracle, as global erp-led firms, are much higher than domestic competition, both in terms of scale and technological maturity.
The business income of both Sap and oracle exceeds RMB 100 billion, while the size of the country’s erp giant is still at the RMB 1 billion level; in terms of the ratio of the main business, Golden Flutter’s cloud transition is the highest among the four companies, with the traditional software and cloud business accounting for 63.6% and 20.2% respectively, respectively, and the user’s share is 72.7% and 11.1%, respectively, and the gold butterfly accounts for 69.8% and 30.2% respectively, and oracel is the result of the data portal.
Discrepancies do not allow for a strict distinction between cloud operations, but due to their lag in transition, they still rely mainly on software authorized revenue, with 12.1 per cent of the cloud operations as of 2017.
Figure 18: Comparison of net profits of four companies in the form of non-repatriation, foreign firms are still in the lead from the time of cloud transition. Foreign firms sap ahead of oracle, domestic firms ahead of oracle, and domestic companies gold flutters ahead of their friends, both of whom take advantage of the city in the saas market, but with their powerful database base, oracle uses his oracle to use his or her vast domestic base.
The customer base also challenges competitors in their respective fields.
An in-depth report using Friends Network (600588) on cloud transformation + national production, market-market growth logic of hundreds of billions, analysis of the development path of the giant 2.3.4 erp giant 2.3.1sap: erp industry masters, active push for the cloudization process
In 1972, five of the former ibm sid engineers left to create the sap. The company was founded with the vision of “developing a standard application for business processing in real time, the source of financial prosperity in the East”. In 1973, sap launched the first standardized software product, the financial accounting software, rf.
It was later known as the r/1 system; in 1973, SAP introduced Sapr/2 based on the mainframe/end server structure; in 1988, SAP was listed in Germany; in 1992, SAP launched its landmark product, sap/3 based on the c/s architecture, which achieved unprecedented success, including large companies such as ibm, Hewlett-Packard, Moose, Apple, Intel and others going to line Sapr/3; in 2000, SAP launched its application-based product
Integrated platform neweaver-developed Mysap with support for access to web; 2004 sap released ecc, equivalent to r/3 achieved on Netweaver, a running server integrated with operation and development; 2015 sap launched s/4hana, developed on the basis of the sapana memory database system, with more efficient computing capability: 2016, sap following
To continue to accelerate the process of cloudization in the face of the roll-out of s/4hanacloud by large enterprises, by the end of 2018 the sap had achieved a total income of 19.39 billion yuan, with nearly 100,000 employees in more than 180 countries.
The company mainly classified its operations into three main categories: (1) revenue from subscriptions to and maintenance of cloud services, including laas, paas, saas and high-level cloud services; (2) income from traditional software authorization and maintenance; (3) income from services, including professional services, advanced support services and other services, such as training and information services. In 2018, the company ' s operating income was $193.9 billion, an increase of 6 per cent over the same period, with a net return to the mother.
32.2 billion yuan, a 2 per cent decline in the same year. In recent years, the share of corporate traditional software in total revenue has declined, while the share of cloud business has grown year by year, and the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, as reported by the East Hing Securities Corporation.
In one of the depth reports of the Friends Network (600588), cloud transformation + national production, the 100 billion-dollar market-market growth logic sap actively expands its operations and improves its industrial layout through both endogenous R & D and extended M & A. The sap has three product lines: the erp, the cloud service, and the platform ' s product lines.
With regard to the erp line, sap has introduced different product types to meet client diversification needs, with sap/4hana as the latest punch product, expanding market access at the higher end. The sap currently offers five main products: private cloud s/4hana, public cloud s/4hanaclud, local saperp, erpsapbusinessbydesign for medium-sized enterprises, and public services for small and medium-sized enterprises.
The next generation of products, sap/4hana, based entirely on the sapana memory database system, centrally managed enterprise data in real time, with a higher capacity for data absorption and data compression, optimized product codes and data structures based on saperp, simplified financial processes and product logic, and applied the new user interface system, sapfiori, which is well adapted to the mobility and industry 4.0-year era.
Since the roll-out of Saps/4hana, the number of users has reached 10,500 by the end of 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 58%.
Figure 25: Differences between sap/4hana and saperp. In the cloud services product line, sap promotes the process of sub-graduation mainly through business M&As, and in the human resources area, crm, scm, etc., in 2011, sap consolidated and purchased hcm leaders with $3.5 billion to improve the human resources cloud business.
In the supply chain area, in 2012, sap calculated the supplier ' s ariba at $4.3 billion to purchase the world ' s second largest cloud, perfected the supply chain cloud business, ariba led enterprises in the field of commercial collaboration applications based on cloud computing, and ariba achieved a total revenue of $444 million in 2011
The growth rate reached 38.5 per cent, with its own business network growing by 62 per cent over the same period; in the financial sector, in 2014, sap acquired $8.3 billion in concur, acquired concur, and the sap will have the largest global business network, completing transactions of over $600 billion a year and making seamless business transactions in more than 25 industries.
In the area of crm, in 2018, sap acquired the capidus and qualtrics, cllidus, cloud-based leadtocash packages for $2.4 billion and $8 billion, respectively, with cpq and spm applications that fill gaps in the sapcx product mix and facilitate sap and salesforce competition: qualtrics are one of the world's three top online investigative services, acquired qualtrics, sap Enterprises.
The combination of operational data with data from the experience of the qualtrics would provide more data resources for the Sap Cloud platform and the artificial intelligence platform.
Figure 27: Overview of the M & As of the Sap Cloud Services Product Lines
2010: Accessfactors M & A inform, enhanced manpower planning module Construction and enterprise communications software provider 2011: acquisition of accessfactors, $3.5 billion, enhanced human resources cloud
M & A, 2009 kskydata, crm sales: Focus on mobile crm software solutions 2012, M & A Syclo, crm services: Strengthening on-site service solutions 2011, Accessfactors M & A Jobs2web, Strengthening recruitment marketing
M & A hybris, E-Commerce: Web Channel Experience Management 2012, M & A datango, Strengthening Online Learning Module 2014, M & A Seewhy, Crm Marketing: Enhancing User Travel Optimization Module
In 2014, the M&A acquiredfieldgrads, enhanced external staff management module 2017, the M & A acquired abakus, crm marketing: enhanced statistical monitoring of cross-channel marketing effects 2015 M & A acquired multiposing, enhanced recruitment management module
• 2018, M & As, mainly for social chemical platforms, 2017, Gigiya, crm big data: strengthening its hybris e-commerce sector
In 2018, the M & A calidus, $2.4 billion, the crm sales: lefttocash supply chain scm 2018, the M & A qualtrics, $8 billion, the crm marketing: customer questionnaire
1999 Ariba M & A tradex, Enhanced Supply Chain Services 2004, Ariba M & A FreeMarkets, Enhanced Procurement Management 2011, Merger & Acquisition Crossgate, Enhanced b2b Electronic Data Interchange
• Mergers and acquisitions in 2014, concur, $8.3 billion, global largest business network, 2011 Ariba M&Abb-process, enhanced electronic invoice services, 2011 Ariba M&Aquadrem, the world's largest supply network
In 2013, the M&As platform integrated advanced technology, including block chains, artificial intelligence, machine learning, big data (hana), networking (leonardo), business intelligence platforms (sapanalyticscloud).
There is a seamless integration of data relevant to the management of the business to achieve complete top-down integration of data and enable business intelligence. In 2008 the head of the business analysis software, Businessobjects, acquired by Sap for $6.8 billion, effectively integrated the erp product with business intelligence analysis; in 2010 the head of the traditional database company, Sybase, bought by sap for $5.8 billion.
Figure 28: Overview of the product lines of the SAP platform
Application integration Portal integration: 2001, M & A Toptiersofware, then sapportals, 2002, Businessobjects acquired the actatechnologies, created by the company
Software for the collection and organization of data from different systems (including erp and crm) was developed Portal integration: 2007 M & A maxware to provide identity management solutions, 2005 M & A Transactinmory, enhanced Hana memory database development
Portal integration: in 2010, subjectfactors acquired cubetree and later became . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In 2016, the merger of altiscale, altiscale platform bdaas based on Hadoop and process integration: in 2007, the merger of yasutechnologies improved the spark to enable Sap to take advantage of large data from cross-technology, data platforms and applications
BPR functionality for netweaver (sappi) Data mining and analysis Process integration: 2009, M & A soalogix for software business process integration
In 2000, Businessobjects acquired olap@work to provide development and • process integration: 2018, merger acquisition for robotic process automation sales of online analytical processing reporting tools
Offline equipment management software company xcellnet was acquired by Sybase in 2004
In 2007, buzinessobjects acquired inxight, enhanced visualization, information check and natural language processing modules. In 2011, righthemichere was acquired for product 3D visualization
Merger and purchase of kxen in 2013, enhanced analysis of data mining projections 2016, M & A Plat.one for enterprise object networking platforms 2016, M & A of Fedem for digital bins (e.g. wind turbine oil drills)
In 2004, M & A a2iinc, enhanced sap master data solution • 2012, M & A Purisma, enhanced master data management module • 2018, M & A recast.ai for machine learning, smart interactive robots
In 2008, the M & A Businessobjects, $6.8 billion, the head of the business analysis software program.
In 2007, Businessobjects acquired cartesis, which was converted to sapepm (performance management) in 2016, M&A roambi, enhanced mobile visualization module
In addition to generic business M&A initiatives, SAP is actively involved in business acquisition in vertical industries, such as environmental protection, retail, finance, and telecommunications. At present, SAP can cover a total of 31 segmented industries in six major industries, and is committed to providing customized professional solutions for customers.
East Hing Securities Corporation (ECS) reported as one of the depth reports of the Friends Network (600588), cloud transformation + national production, 100 billion market value growth logic, figure 29: Overview of major software manufacturers in the SAP M&A industry
Environmental protection: 2008, M & A, provided carbon emissions management software Retail: 1996, M & A dacos, provided retail solutions Retail: 1998, M & A, provided warehouse and distribution centre software solutions
• Environmental protection: 2010, M & A technidata, providing environmental industry solutions Retail: 2005, M & A triversity, providing pos solutions Retail: 2009, M & A saf, providing retail, logistics, manufacturing to provide orders and forecasts
Bank: Sybase M & A Paysoltions, 2009, provide mobile banking solutions Insurance: 2013, M & Acalion, provide insurance industry solutions
• Tickets: 2013, M & A picket-web, providing ticketing solutions Tourism: 2016, M & A hipmunk, providing tourism industry information search, intelligence Telecommunications: 2009, M & A highdeal, providing real-time telecommunications billing solutions
National services reach more than 430,000 clients, 92 per cent of Forbes' top 2,000 companies worldwide, 98 per cent of the most valuable brands, and, in addition, 77 per cent of the world ' s trading revenues flow into the SAP system.
The world's top 250 retailer, the world's most innovative car company, the world's 50th most secure bank.
Run the sap system, run the sap system, run the sap system.
The world's top 100 universities, the world's top hospitals, consumer goods companies in 134 countries.
Run the sap system. Run the sap system. It's innovating through the sap solution.
2.3.2 oracle: Database Industry Lead Enterprise, raising the market share of erp through M&A restructuring
The official name was changed to oracle; in 1992, the flagship product oracle7 was launched to include distributed transaction processing functions, enhanced management functions, new tools for application development, and safety methods; in 2000, the Internet-oriented logo product oracle11i ebs took over the application market and then made a major acquisition of the broken-down areas of people ' soplesof, siebel, bea, netsuite, etc.
Industry, perfecting the erp layout; in 2013, Oracle published a cloud-oriented database oracle12c, when the company went beyond ibm and became the second largest software company in the world after Microsoft; in 2017, it published a fully automated machine-based database oracle18c. As of 31 May 2019, Oracle had achieved business income of $272.6 billion and had 137,000 employees worldwide.
Figure 31: Oracle Development Experience
The company's operating income in 2018 was $272.6 billion, an increase of 0.3 per cent, and a net return figure of 35: hardware income as a percentage of the decline.
East Hing Securities reports one of the depth reports of the Friends Network (600588): cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of billions of dollars in market-market growth logic.
In 2017, oracle launched a new generation of machine-based, fully automated databases oracle 18c, which, in terms of product composition, is based on “exclusive hardware plus databases plus databases”.
The integrated services of cloud operations are characterized by high availability and security. On the one hand, they can be recovered automatically from any malfunction, guaranteeing 99.995% of normal operating hours, including maintenance, and, on the other hand, automated safety management through self-repair and self-governance renewal without the need for a shutdown or artificial intervention system.
Figure 36: Key elements of oracle18c whatistheautonomousdatabaseloud?
After ibm. This was followed by continuous technological innovation and M&A integration, which resulted in a well-developed mix of intermediate products, such as oracle digital applicationserver, oracleuxedo, oraclesoa packages. In the area of enterprise applications, oracle mainly provides product services such as erp, crm, and hcm.
Human resources management leads the enterprise peopleloft, perfecting its erp and hcm lines; in 2006, by acquiring customer relationship management; in 2006, leading the firm siebel, perfecting its crm lines; and in 2016, by acquiring mature cloud products netsuite, accelerating the growth of the company's financial and intellectual resources in the east.
The company’s future growth point is concentrated mainly in the Yunerp business, including the Fusion for large enterprises and the Netsuite for medium-sized enterprises, which now has 6,000 users and more than 16,000 users. Oracle serves more than 430,000 customers in 175 countries around the world, has 25,000 partners, and has more than 18,000 patents.
The products cover top firms from all walks of life, and 98 of the wealth 100 companies use oracle technology.
In 1993, Golden Fluttershy was founded in Shenzhen, and since its inception, the company has gone through three stages of development: (1) from 1993 to 1999 it was an era of financial software. The company started with financial software and launched the Dos version of the financial software in the same year, three years later, and its first home country in 2011 was an era of erp software.
k/3. Breaking the situation where the erp market is monopolized by foreign manufacturers. In 2001, Golden Fluttershy took over from tcl to further deepen the erp source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
In 2011, Golden Flutter Weibo (the predecessor of today's Cloud House) was born, and the same year Golden Fluttershy proposed a strategy for cloud management based on new and emerging technologies such as mobile Internet, social networks, cloud computing, etc. This has been followed by a transformation of corporate-level cloud platforms such as Golden Flutters and skyscrapers.
Figure 39: Golden Fluttershy Development: In 2018, Golden Fluttershy achieved business income of $2.9 billion, an increase of 22 per cent over the same year, mainly as a result of a significant increase in cloud services, with a net return to mother ' s profit of 0.8 billion yuan, a negative shift from negative to negative. In terms of income structure, traditional software remains the backbone of the company, accounting for nearly 70 per cent, while cloud services account for the first time.
More than 30%, and growth will continue in the future.
In the traditional software business, Golden Fluttershy has three main products: eas for large enterprises, k/3 for medium-sized enterprises, and Micro 2018, where it has been growing steadily, with sales revenue increasing by 19.3 per cent over the same period, and successful contracting of label clients such as Qingshan Holdings, China Petroleum International, Trinity Group: kis operating with a steady revenue growth of 5.7 per cent over the same period, with low input, easy use and exemption for small and micro-enterprises.
Core requirements such as maintenance, data security, etc., allow the kiss operation to gradually open up a product cloud exploration to increase the ease with which the software is used. In the case of cloud services, Golden Fluttershy has launched five main products: cloud dome for large enterprises, cloud sky for medium-sized enterprises, nuanced cloud for small micro-enterprises, smart co-location cloud homes, and power vendor cloud management.
Golden Fluttershy: In 2018, Golden Fluttershy launched the country's first corporate-level service cloud platform, based on the structure of the cloud, using micro-services, containers, distributional technologies, and the original Kddm cloud dynamic area model to support individualization of the cloud. By the end of 18, the cloud dome had been signed over $39.8 million, with major group enterprises such as China Oil International, West King, Winthing Group.
Golden Fluorescent Clouds: At present, the size of the Golden Fluorescent Cloud income has reached 605 million yuan, an increase of 53.8 per cent over the same year, with a cumulative client rate of 9,500, and a 95 per cent renewal rate has been maintained at a higher level, while the Golden Flute Cloud has continued to build deep ecological partnerships with laas manufacturers such as the Clouds, the Gyeongdong Clouds and others, with three stars, large-scale lasers, Internet-friendly companies signed during the year.
Golden Fluttershy: In 2018, the performance of Golden Fluttershy rose sharply, at a rate of 104.9 per cent, and based on client demand, Golden Fluttershy adopted a variety of product strategies, which introduced micro-credit procedures such as cloud accounting, cloud managers, and stock sales, which reached over 100,000 installed in the year app, with more than 36,000 businesses using the new apps each month, establishing strategic partnerships with businesses such as Alibaba, China Mobile, China Silver Union, etc.
Golden Fluttershys: The total number of system orders amounted to 800 million orders a year, an increase of 27.5 per cent a year; supporting traders traded $140 billion, an increase of 19.2 per cent a year. IYC provides electric cloud services to prominent firms such as Fushikang, China Can build, Ilyi, and Michelin, and provides smart power and storage solutions to leading electric companies such as Wortha, Opoo Light, Beinme and East Aqué.
According to the idc report, for the third year in a row, Cloud House has the highest market position among large and medium-sized enterprises, and will be deeply integrated with the Golden Fluorescent Dome platform and will continue to grow deep into the large business market.
Figure 44: Golden Fluttershy International’s main product, Golden Fluttershy, as a leading domestic erp firm, has a pre-eminence in the process of cloudization transition. According to the idc report, Golden Fluttershy has been in place for 14 years.
Long-term business applications have the first market share in the business-level saas cloud services market for two consecutive years. Companies have introduced cloudk/3clud for growth-oriented firms as early as 2012, far ahead of their domestic competition counterparts, and it is expected that by 2019, golden flutters will have received more than 50% of China cloud services, and by 2020, more than 60% of them, thus truly achieving the company’s cloud-centred goal.
3. Traditional software business: national production substitution stimulates high-end demand, M&As perfect industrial layout 3.1 multi-level product lines meet diversification needs, national production substitution support companies continue to operate in high-end markets. In traditional software, companies adopt multi-layered product strategies for different client groups.
u9 product lines, mainly nc and u9 product lines, which are directly managed by the parent company and provide customized services, are mainly targeted at group enterprises, u9 product lines are based on the soa structure and are focused on the industries of machines, electronics, whole cars, furniture, etc.
In the case of medium-sized enterprises, the u8+ series, one of the most widely applied and user-intensive management software in the country, has been launched. Since 2015, in order to reduce efficiency gains, the u8+ series as a whole has been divided among its affiliates, YoP, using a fully distributed marketing model.
In the case of small-scale enterprises, it is mainly the subsidiaries that launch the t series of products quickly.
The t6 product lines, and for new types of commerce, such as electric power suppliers, are also designed to be used in a variety of locations. The first customer service guarantee program in the industry, which was launched as a first initiative, provides information security for after-sales services to micro-enterprises and now has 1.5 million users, over 2,000 channel partners and over 160 authorized services throughout the country.
In the broader context of national production substitution, companies, with product advantages and many years of experience as large customers, will continue to develop in high-end markets. On the one hand, after more than a decade of product optimization in the Friends nc series, there is an intra-industry product advantage. At the bottom, nc6, based on key technologies such as cloud computing, big data, mobile Internet, artificial intelligence, etc., can help users achieve c2b (customer-led).
Business innovations such as e2m (staff dynamics), dde (data-driven), rte (real-time operations) were introduced; in terms of industry and domain coverage, nc6 had 15 large and 68 broken-down industries, providing practical experience in seven broad areas covering finance, supply chain, manufacturing, marketing, human capital, and 23 broken-down areas.
In June 2019, the Chinese erp went to the end of the year to visit a friendly software park.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports one of the depths of the Friends Network (600588): cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of millions of dollars in market-market growth logic.
The two sides would like to deepen their cooperation in more areas, not even excluding the possibility of an internal erp replacement.
As the business competitive environment increases, firms have significantly improved their accuracy in the application of modules, but there is also a large number of information silos. Businesses and customer information, for example, exist in crm, but if production orders are to be used for customer information, they need to be re-recorded, resulting in customer information not being shared; the hr software often needs to extract relevant data from business systems such as rp, crm, etc.
In response to this large trend, friends have targeted their own M & As strategies. Three major acquisition directions are used: (1) industry-based complementary acquisitions; and (2) cross-cutting.
On the one hand, competition in the area of fragmentation can be enhanced in a short period of time through the use of friends for the acquisition of leading companies in the fields of crm, plm, bi and finance, automobile applications, etc., in accordance with the Said consultant ' s annual report on research in the Chinese enterprise-level software market, 2017-2018.
As of 2017, market ownership by friends in the four main areas of finance, erp, crm, and enterprise asset management software was the first: another aspect, effective integration after business mergers and acquisitions, based on the same application platform, allowed companies to complement and strengthen their own business, create a fully integrated competitive advantage and ultimately provide integrated and comprehensive information solutions for clients.
Figure 46: Both erp and plm industrial software, using the big M&A events of the Friends Network, reflect process management ideas and are achieved by means of information technology.
This linkage enables manufacturers to integrate manufacturing and supply chain processes to reduce delays and increase efficiency. Plm software focuses on strategicly more important intangible assets, improving the efficiency of research and development teams, shortening the research and development cycle, increasing product value addition, reducing production costs, and increasing enterprise competitiveness.
In the area of plm, friends develop their own plm operations through M&A & G on Matt technology. The management solution can be summarized in four areas: (1) regularizing the product development process and shortening the product development cycle. Standardizing the R&D product development process, constraining key activity tasks, organizing the delivery of project results, monitoring the project development process in real time.
Key milestones, tracking of causes, rational coordination of resources; (2) control of product development processes and quality of product research and development. Establish a pool of corporate knowledge and experience, sharing of product research and development experiences, prevention of product research and development errors, real-time validation of the correctness of project development results, implementation of ongoing controls, reduction of follow-up errors, establishment of product problem tracking mechanisms and management of deficiencies; (3) standardization of product data, control
(iv) Integration of product data to provide timely and accurate data for production. Through a digitally complete product structure, product design efficiency is improved and product data accuracy is ensured; and design and production data are guaranteed.
Harmonizing and integrating design and production data to provide accurate production data in a timely manner. With the accumulation of more than one year in the plm field, friends have developed a vast number of successful applications in traditional manufacturing industries, such as China’s Dragon Industrial Control Unit, Tianjin Sai-Im, Teri Heavy Work, Shanxi Motors, and Hangzhou Hai Heng Power.
One of the in-depth reports of the Friends Network (600588): cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of billions of market value growth logic, figure 47: use of the Friends Plus product framework
4. Cloud service operations: boxing products take over the Saas market, iuap enabling eco-building 4.1 cloud-erp-boxing products take over the Saas market from overall cloudization to full public cloudization, and u8clud opens up mid-saas markets with technological advantages.
In July 2017, the biggest innovation for u8clud, compared to the fully clouded erp product on the market — u8clud, which focuses mainly on growing and innovative businesses — was to achieve overall cloudization, the inner core of which remains business financial integration, and to connect to the external sector, through the open platform of openapi, with soy cloud synergies with manpower services, marketing services, financial services, procurement services, financial services, financial services, etc.
On the basis of this product optimization, u8clud quickly hit the city as soon as it was launched, and the client response was excellent. In 2018, u8clud clients renewed 82.04%, higher than the average rate of renewal of the company ' s cloud business (63.25%), and there was some room for incremental follow-up as the product line operated steadily.
In August 2019, friends will launch u8cloud 3.0 based on the serverless cloud structure, which, in addition to maintaining the openness of the openness of the openapi, will focus on supporting dynamic modelling, intelligence and automation, while fully integrating procurement, marketing, manufacturing, teamwork, etc. services.
Figure 48: u8 product architectures, mixed cloud structures, keep pace with industry trends. Autonomy can control or trigger a wave of national production substitution.
The nccloud, nccloud, of the saas product has the following three core competencies: (1) development based on a mixed cloud structure that is consistent with industry trends. The mixed cloud structure combines the advantages of public and private cloud computing, deploying Internet-based applications and providing optimal performance while also safeguarding the safety and reliability of private local data centres, thereby supporting key legacy business applications. idc
In the future, mixed clouds are projected to account for 67% of the total cloud market share; (2) nccloud will support the deployment of the entire estate to the cloud, achieve security control and achieve full compatibility of the oracle database through the in-depth integration of its cloud database: (3) cover a wide range of industries and scenes that will help meet individualized needs of the enterprise. nccloud will provide human resources, digital marketing, shared finance, financial management, and supply.
Business management services such as the response chain, business performance, asset projects, smart manufacturing, etc., for within the enterprise, combining cloud services such as the purchase, marketing, coordination, finance, taxation and manpower, as well as ecological partners, covering a total of 14 major industries, as well as the digitalization of 18 major enterprises
East Hing Securities reports one of the depths of the Friends Network (600588): cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of billions of market-market growth logic 4.2 salesforce leads the platform building, and the circulatory formation of support clouds continues to work.
Gartner divides the Paas platform into two types, with high efficiency and control of the Paas. Efficiency Paas is the deployment and operation of the platform that provides applications only and that embeds standardized design models, templates and plugins that can greatly conserve the time of application development, but has a weak scheduling capacity for bottom resources, which also leads to the access to the platform of apps provided by individual Isv
The low level of compatibility between apps, the lack of connectivity between information flows and financial flows, if achieved, means a lot of development work, and the Isv and platform are cooperative and not dependent, with clear objectives: sales increases and platform functionality improvements High-control Paas platform provides developers with a full set of development tools and bottoms, and the app and platform are built on platform development, so the app and platform are built upon.
The typical high-control paas platform outside the country, such as Salesforce, the typical Isv developer, has developed a crm system for the medical sector based on salesforce, and has a relatively good sales value. Because of the high control properties of the platform, the developers have a high dependence on salesforce, which is largely locked in salesforce, but which can be achieved.
Information flow between apps. The Paas platform is currently being launched by domestic saas manufacturers as a platform for high-efficiency Paas, for example, with friends iuap and the Golden Fluttershy dome. Salesforce moves from the saas software provider to the efficient Paas to a model of a high-control paas platform provider.
Crm management software started and gradually infiltrated the industry chain to build its own Paas platform. The company launched an appexchange in 2005 to build a platform for clients and asv to lay the groundwork for later business expansion; in 2007, an efficient Paas platform was launched for force.com, which allows third parties to deploy applications on the Salesforce structure to facilitate customization and efficiency enhancement of Saas products; and in 2010, the acquisition was high.
Controls the Paas platform, which builds cloud application platforms for developers and further enhances penetration into large businesses.
By building its own Paas platform, Salesforce has a three-pronged and continuous competitive advantage: (1) the platform effect expands the boundaries of business and builds ecological walls. By integrating the Isvsaas module, direct savings can be made in terms of the costs of internal R & D customizations and marketing channels, such as the workday of the human and financial saas listed company, which provides products on appexchange and achieves products with the salesforce product.
As the Paas platform evolves, its platform effects become apparent, attracting other large saas manufacturers to join the ecology; and (2) increasing the penetration of large customers by providing flexible development and in-depth customization services. Large clients often have different customization requirements for the erp system, with the support of the Paas platform, on the one hand, partial problems can be solved through the Isv platform and, on the other hand, the programmable elements that the platform has given them.
Since the acquisition of heroku, the company has adopted a big customer strategy since 2011, with $13.28 billion in revenue from the Paas platform, which accounts for about 20% of the company’s revenue from cloud operations, and will continue to increase its performance in the future.
On the one hand, the uiap platform is technologically conducive to the efficient development of individualized applications by enterprises, enabling them to build their own cloud platforms and thus use the platform to glue to the saas layer; on the other hand, the iuap platform is at the core of which the release of the plan to advance the api conglomerate is likely to be a breakthrough point in the future.
The iuap dual nuclear platform = uaap+ieop, based on the original uap (UA platform), has added an enterprise Internet operating platform for Internet architecture and services, ioop, combining cloud computing, mobile, digital, social etc. technology that not only connects intra-firm operating management data to existing Internet applications, but allows companies to develop new ones based on dual-nuclear platforms, either internally or on each other.
New applications of networking and seamless connectivity to help more enterprises transform into Internet and complete their own cloud platforms. iuap has two main core competitivenesss: (i) gradual upgrading of the penetration rate of large enterprises by upgrading the efficiency of enterprise-level applications development. iuap has a distributed structure that supports the cloud-based infrastructure represented by micro-services, container services, devops, etc., and opens up all types of enterprise-level applications.
To support the in-depth application of technology such as ar/vr/mr, big data, artificial intelligence, block chains, etc. at the enterprise level, to support the cloud expansion architecture at the client, industry and field levels, with multiple laas, and to support hybrid cloud and application-level transport. Business application developers can efficiently develop, distribute and deliver a wide range of business applications; (2) help build api biosphere with friends and eventually create ecological barriers.
The platform will be shared free of charge with certified partners, reducing their pre-existing sources of financial intelligence in the East.
Since 2018, the transformation from business partners to ecological partners has underscored the determination to build a large ecological circle of cloud operations. In the past, friends’ business partners were often confined to partners downstream of the industrial chain, such as distribution channels, consultancy and implementation.
The most recent annual report shows that the number of eco-entering partners in Soyun Market has reached 3,000, and the number of eco-products and services that have passed.
4500; 45 cloud-integrated products published/listed in the cloud market in coordination with the cloud platform, covering seven main areas: digital marketing, digital manufacturing, digital finance, digital manpower, digital office, data intelligence, platform basic services. Friends plan to reach a target of 5,000 in 2019 for partners, more than 8,000 in products and services, and it is expected that in the future, api eco-building will be continuously scaled up to foster business partners.
Industrially standardized and integrated product supply capacity. 4.3 Development of industrial transformations in the age of the gifted industrial Internet platform. National and local policy orientations are rapidly emerging, and the process of building industrial Internet platforms is moving forward.
In furtherance of the State Council's in-depth report entitled “Intensity of the Internet + advanced manufacturing” for the development of industries,” the Friends Network (600588), one of the most important features of which is the growth logic of hundreds of millions of dollars in market value.
Guidance on the Internet, the Ministry of Industry and Communications has issued a number of industrial Internet promotion policies, such as the Industrial Internet Development Action Plan (2018-2020), the Industrial Internet Appurtenance Engineering Programme (2018-2020), and implementation programmes in Shanghai, Tianjin, Zhejiang, Jiang Su, Guangdong, Shandong and Hunan provinces and cities, which have been accelerated through the integration of local industrial structures and developments.
Fostering industrial Internet platforms across sectors, regions and industries. With industrial Internet policies in place, national and local industrial policies and financial support are expected to accelerate industrial Internet platform development, leading the way to industrial Internet development.
The platform layer is at the heart of the overall solution to the industrial Internet, and it acts as a starting point. The industrial Internet comprises four layers from the bottom up: the first layer of the edge is the basis. Data are collected on the margins from a large, deep layer of data, and isomeric data is converted and sidelined by protocol.
The second layer of laas provides the platform with the bottom cloud technology of computing, storage, etc. Support: The third layer of platform is the core. The platform layer is based mainly on innovations such as generic Paas stacking of data processing, industrial data analysis, and industrial microservices to construct an expanded open cloud operating system; the fourth layer of application is key.
The ultimate value of the industrial Internet is created by saas, the source of financial prosperity in the East, and figure 59: The functional structure of the industrial Internet platform
In the industrial Internet platform industry, industrial enterprises and third-party IT firms have resisted their respective competitive advantage chambers. Our industrial Internet platform consists of four main categories of participating manufacturers, manufacturing and automated enterprises, relying on their profound industrial experience, supply chain and business process experience, gradually incubating professional industrial Internet platform companies in the process of transforming their own platforms and building operating platforms to upgrade third-party platform uniforms.
Capacity, but competitors may be more likely to favour independent third-party IT firms for risk-segregation reasons, such as IT firms that should be developed, integrated, and Internet enterprises that have their own advantages in data storage, data analysis, etc. Table 7: Participation of domestic industrial Internet platforms in enterprises
Figure 60: Capability mapping of our main industrial Internet platforms The size of the domestic industrial Internet market in 2018 reached $531.8 billion, and the industrial Internet served as a breakthrough for deep convergence and industrial innovation.
An important entry point for development that is expected to accelerate growth in market space as government policies become more and more mature. The East’s financial and intellectual boom, based on the iuap platform, has built industrial intelligent cloud service platforms with industrial apps and big industrial data at its core.
The age of industrial enterprise transformations. The smartness of friends connects big equipment, carries big data, carries large amounts of industrial apps, and provides security, as well as access regulations. The overall structure includes equipment layers, laas layers, laas layers, saas layers, and cloud access codes, safety codes, figure 62: architecture of smart Internet products.
Compared to other industrial Internet platforms, friends have the following core advantages: (1) stock customers bring high conversion rates. Friends have a large customer base and are well positioned to scale extension and service. More than half of the clients who used friends served in the past are industrial enterprises that can directly switch to industrial Internet platforms: (2) platform infrastructure reduces technical barriers.
The start of research and development in 2011 has led to considerable technological experience in reducing the difficulty of using new and emerging technologies such as cloud computing, big data, ai, etc., and has been validated by clients of scale: (3) The platform has a strong data analysis capability. Joint automated industry eco-partners have jointly built a broadly adapted industrial goods networking platform, resulting in equipment data, business systems (erp, mes, etc.) and socialization.
At the 10,000/day level, support is provided to millions of users with the capacity to store and process large-scale industrial data at the pb level: (4) the platform combines various service components and apps to meet the development needs of the enterprise. The cloudy software and industrial apps of the smart platform cover the various components of the enterprise ' s production operations, including management services, R & D design services, industrial production services, product support services, financial services and data services, and are available.
Table 8: Solutions and results with friends.
Tens of thousands of large industrial enterprises, such as the Ribbon Steel Group, Tianxi Cement, and the Jiangxi Copper industry, have more than 1,300, covering more than 20 industrial subdivisions, 120 global marketing services, and more than 600 ecological partners. At the same time, the platform comprises 279 cloud-based industrial software, 38.8,000 connecting industrial equipment, supporting more than 80 industrial agreements, and developing an industrial app 1247.
Figure 63: Level of development of smart industry Internet platforms Working with local governments to build service platforms to further expand client resources. Besides industrial business clients, friends and local governments in multi-provincial cities, a project to build local industrial cloud platforms to help local small- and medium-scale industrial enterprises gain access to the cloud and create efficient synergies in the industrial chain has been signed.
Figure 64: Overview of government clients under contract
5. Financial operations: The high growth of beneficiary industries, the creation of closed financial chains on the back of group resources 5.1 Supply chain finance is rightly based mainly on real trade up and down the industry, based on good goodwill and performance capacity of core firms, through control
Flows of capital, logistics and data from supply chains to improve wind control capacity to address the difficulties of financing SMEs in the same chain.Fig.65: Transaction patterns in supply chain finance so far, supply chain finance has gone through a total of three stages of development: the first phase is a traditional banking model with banks at its centre.
Financing services are provided mainly through credit ratings, real estate mortgages, etc. to core enterprise-level distributors, but since banks are not involved in the entire supply chain operating processes, most second-tier distributors and above have difficulty accessing finance; the second phase is the onlineization of supply chain finance. That is, access to real transactional information by connecting the erp ports of major enterprises, thereby better controlling financing risks, coupled with logistics providers
(b) The third stage of supply chain finance has been characterized by a platform-based and highly interconnected structure that allows for a more comprehensive penetration of the industry through financial flows, logistics, multi-dimensional information flow controls and cloud platforms.
One of the in-depth reports of the Friends Network (600588): cloud transformation + national production, 100 billion market value growth logic, figure 66: supply chain financial development phase
In recent years, the financial sector of our supply chain has gained momentum, mainly for four main reasons: (1) good policies provide a good enabling environment for supply chain finance: (2) network of goods, artificial intelligence, big data, block chains, etc. technological developments have transformed the basic business logic: (3) traditional banks are active in the financial blue sea of the supply chain; and (4) industry 4.0 is integrated with supply chain finance for development.
In the context of supply-side reforms, policies related to supply-chain finance have been put in place frequently in recent years. In October 2017, the Office of the State Council issued a Guidance for Active Promotion of Supply-chain Innovation and Application, which identifies the important role of supply-chain finance in supply-chain innovation. On the one hand, it points to the direction of supply-chain finance development and the specific institutions responsible for it.
On the other hand, the development objectives of our intelligent supply chain system, namely, to foster some 100 leading global supply chain firms by 2020, will further guarantee the continued development and improvement of the supply chain financial system, driven by development goals.
Technological development changes the underlying business logic. The development of technologies such as physical networking, artificial intelligence, big data, block chains, etc., will increase the transparency of the transactions of supply chain financial participants, enhance the ability of finance providers to control the authenticity of trade, and strengthen the relationship between core and downstream firms, thereby reducing transaction costs, breaking trust barriers, and creating more application scenarios for supply chain finance.
Figure 67: Technological development transforms the basic financial business logic of the supply chain The traditional banking dynamic of the supply chain Financial Blue Sea. Policy regulation influences the tightening of Internet-side (c) operations, with b-side operations expected to grow significantly through the supply chain Financial operations. The four traditional banks, share-holding banks, and small and medium-sized banks are active in supply chain finance-related operations.
For example, business banks have introduced online micro-finance systems that focus on “go-and-go” “net lending” and “on-line supply chains”, São Paulo has launched the Orange Network for “Cleaner Business Circles” and Zaizen Bank has launched pool-based financing platforms, etc. Industry 4.0 is integrated with supply chain finance for development. On the one hand, the Information Physics Integration System (cps) brings efficient management and credits.
By facilitating the analysis of large intra-industry data, financial institutions can enhance controls over real trade and the protection against financial risks, such as by “data pledge”, and effectively assess and forecast repayment cash flows; on the other hand, the soundness of supply chain finance facilitates the rapid development of consumer-centred c2b models and enhances the softness and individualization of production systems, thereby accelerating industrial landings of 4.0.
In the future, along with policies, the infrastructure for industrial development will continue to improve; advanced technology will gradually become operational and the borrowing risks of core capital players will be effectively controlled, which together will lead to a steady growth in the size of the supply chain market, which is expected to exceed 2.2 trillion yuan by 2020.
Eastern sources of financial and intellectual growth, 5.2 rely on group resources to build a closed fund, and the participation of erp manufacturers in supply chain financial operations has three advantages: (1) guarantees that facilitate the authenticity of transactions.
Information and tax means, through direct access to single enterprise erp systems, financial systems, procurement platforms, sales platforms, etc., can go a long way in looking at the day-to-day business of an enterprise, helping to control the authenticity of transactions; (2) stock customers are highly transformed and centralized with the potential to reduce efficiency gains.
Cross-checking, and harmonization of bottom-level data structures through joint management and analysis of enterprise data can produce scale effects and reduce costs; (3) supply of support services to enhance the integrated competitiveness of manufacturers. On the basis of big data analysis, the Supply Chain Finance Department was set up in October 2016 for banks, trusts, funds, factoring, etc., to give credit and accommodation to enterprises through access to inventory, finance, trade, etc.
With the creation of the Supply Chain Finance Department, on the one hand, friends actively develop factoring services and develop vertical solutions for different industries. For the construction industry, deposit factoring services are provided in response to pressure on core corporate receivables, helping upstream suppliers to accelerate cash flow; and for retailing.
Industry, in response to the shortage of funds for core business sales and distributors, provides factoring services for the supply of goods. On the other hand, friends launch the Numerical Clouds platform, based on the optimal design of bottom-level technologies, to build a multi-dimensional bridge between the money and financers.
In the lower layers of the data chain, using the quantum stream module, differential pricing of the supply products of financial enterprises and subsequent wind control services.
Since the establishment of the Institute in 2014, it has promoted sound financial operations through self-employment and cooperation with third-party financial institutions, improving its supply chain financial industry. On the one hand, it has actively participated in the establishment of financial institutions, such as the Institute, the Central Bank of China and China.
To finance the development of supply chain operations, such as friendly business factoring, Toyo-Thai financial security, etc.; on the other hand, intermediate service providers, such as easy and easy payment, will convert a large number of small and medium-sized clients into easy and easy payment users, on the basis of which financial flows will become a closed industry.
The mission has been strongly supported by management teams, brand endorsements, technical support, and customer orientation. The Eastern Institute of Finance and Excellence was established in July 2014 as the primary p2p platform for the friendly finance section, whose core competitiveness stems mainly from the group ' s mandate.
Multi-risk management initiatives: (1) participation in forming a core management team for the institution. In 2000, the current Director of Finance of the institution joined a group of friends, who were former directors of finance, general directors of sub-companys, masters of financial systems, institution-building and tax planning: (2) brand endorsements for the foundation, increasing the visibility of its platform and public trust; and (3) provision of data and technical support for the operations of the institution with friends.
Over the years, intensive farming in the erp sector has resulted in the accumulation of big corporate business data, based on which large multi-dimensional data analysis has been carried out to improve control over real repayment capacity in the lending business: (4) the high overlap rate between the amphibious and easy-to-reach clients has been conducive to mutual orientation and positive development. As at 31 December 2018, the revenues from the financing of information services on the Internet had reached $1 billion, an increase of 52 per cent compared to the 52 per cent recorded by the ammortium.
The sum of $42 billion and the cumulative number of active people at 1.7 million are expected to continue to show significant growth in the future. As another important business in the corporate financial sector, smooth payments combine business payments with the use of friendly cloud services, and close capital flows through the provision of full channels and landscaped payments.
There are two main supply products — money and money, money and money, which is the overall solution for the easy payment of the wired aggregate payments for MSMEs, the direct link between the enterprise system and multiple banking systems in a cloud-based manner, and cloud services for all bank account management, payment settlements, bills, financial management, etc.
In operational practice, easy payments are made by combining friends for services such as clouds, marketing clouds, penetrating financial systems, procurements, electronic invoices etc., providing full-channel, scenario-based payment settlement services, helping enterprises with quick revenue and expenditure settlements at the receiving end, and facilitating other financial flows for friends, with balances that can add value to financial operations, with a difference in value.
By the end of 2018, companies had achieved 150 million yuan in payments for services, an increase of 82 per cent over the previous year, and a cumulative transaction of 27.8 billion yuan in 2017, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
In November 2017, friends signed a strategic cooperation agreement with business banks to achieve full-scale strategic cooperation. Both sides will take full advantage of their respective strengths and will continue to provide innovative services to business and public organization clients, and will manage business cash.
Business payments settlements, business finance and supply chain finance, innovative services for integrating finance and business with customers of large and medium-sized enterprises and small and medium-sized enterprises, and other areas including financial science and technology, overseas market expansion, consumer finance, etc.
For cloud services, in the broader context of the overall cloudization of the industry, combined with the potential growth point of the cloud services programme, the Clouds+iuap Clouds platform plus the Smart Industry Internet, is expected to grow at a high rate in the future, assuming a 80 per cent, 70 per cent, or 80 per cent, or 80 per cent, or 80 per cent, or 70 per cent, growth in cloud services in 2019-2021.
In the case of financial operations, the future is expected to remain a source of financial wisdom in the East, in the light of the company's ongoing trend towards improving its supply chain financial portfolio and its commitment to building a financial closure.
In-depth report with Friends Network (600588), we use the pe valuation method for traditional software operations because of their relatively stable profitability. For cloud services and finance, we use the ps valuation method for cloud services because of high growth in branch industries and low profits.
In recent days, the use of friends’ networks has developed deep cooperation with China in a variety of fields: (1) high-end erp areas with a strong client base.
In June 2019, Hwa erp went to a friend's software park, where he worked with his friends on a number of products, such as a friend's marketing cloud, a synergizing cloud, a tax cloud, and u8clud, which may mean that the two sides will deepen their cooperation in more areas, not even in-house.
In August 2019, in an effort to conclude a cooperation agreement with friends, China is expected to launch a joint solution for large-scale enterprise-level cloud services to replace national production.
At present, in the high-end erp sector, TNCs have an overwhelming advantage, with a sap share of 33%, oracle 20%, and friends only 14%. It is estimated that the future national production replacement space in the high-end area will be about 14 billion/year.
East Hing Securities reports one of the depth reports of the Friends Network (600588): cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of billions of dollars in market-market growth logic.
1) Industry competition has increased further. The erp software industry is at a fast-growing stage, with increasing participation in domestic and foreign markets (e.g. large Internet firms), competition will also become more intense, and firms that lack competitiveness and core advantages will be eliminated from the market in view of the broad prospects for industry development and the further opening of domestic capital markets.
2) Management risks associated with company size expansion. Companies have continued to grow rapidly since they were listed. Corporate assets, etc., have expanded further, and, with accelerated mergers and acquisitions and new areas of Internet finance, future corporate management levels will face greater challenges in terms of institution-building, strategic planning, organizational design, operations management, fund management and internal controls.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
One of the deep reports from the Friends Network (600588) is that cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of billions of dollars in market-market growth logic, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, is the creation of research values.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
East Hing Securities reports one of the depth reports of the Friends Network (600588): cloud transformation + national production, hundreds of billions of dollars in market-market growth logic.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.