The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre recommends logic: after more than 30 years of development, the company has become a domestic computer service provider.
The company has made progress in its cloud business (250% and 180%, respectively, between 17 and 18 years) and, in a good policy climate, in the form of a friendly cloud ecology (2019q1, with heavy weight on the cloud's products and a friendly cloud paas platform, etc.)
Cloud computing has become an unstoppable trend, based on billions of dollars. Domestic cloud computing markets have developed late, but policy support has been greater and standardization from the clouds has been enhanced.
The creation of the Ministry’s three-year development action plan has created a favourable political environment for the development of the country’s cloud computing. According to Irene’s consulting data, the Chinese cloud computing market in 2017 was estimated to be 69.31 billion yuan, maintaining an increase of around 30% at a market size of 11.26 billion yuan in 2019.
The company built heavy cloud products, and the cloud business grew rapidly. The company invested 1.3 billion yuan in research and development in 2018, accounting for 19.3% of operating income, which is high compared to its domestic and foreign counterparts. With high R & D investment, the company launched u8cloud, nccloud, a friendly cloud platform,
Heavyweight products such as smart industry Internet platforms, with strategic cooperation agreements signed with provinces and cities in Shanghai, Jiangxi, Hubei, Zhejiang, etc., help local firms to gain access. With the release of a large number of high-quality cloud products, and the company’s strong and mature network of channels, the company’s cloud business is expected to continue to grow rapidly.
• Eco-integration strategies create medium- and long-term growth poles for companies. Since the introduction of the "friendship 3.0" strategy, companies have moved towards integration, integration and eco-types, through the deployment of cloud products, soft circulationa shares (billion shares)
The gradual integration of products and financial services to provide integrated services to business clients: In the field of the use of ammonium ecology, companies are committed to building Paas platforms where partners in such areas as co-distribution, consulting, cloud markets, cloud development, strategy, etc. work together to provide quality services to clients.
In the next three years, the net return to the mother will be at a compound rate of 31.2%. Given the fact that the company is the leader of a domestic firm, and that the cloud platform has been gradually perfected in the light of the friendly 3.0 strategy, we have a long-term interest in corporate development.
Since its inception, the company has focused on business information services, promoted the process of accounting digitization in China in 1988, promoted the development of business management software in China in 1998, promoted enterprise Internetization in 2016, and, after nearly 30 years of development, the Department has now developed an operational layout of software, cloud services and financial services around business information services, making it a domestic business letter.
Lead companies for services of interest, including not only follow-up services for enterprise software, but also company cloud operations and financial services collections; software products, mainly erp and related enterprise information software products, 34.9 per cent; and other major business contributions, 34.9 per cent compared
Small. In terms of Māori contributions, technical services and training and software operations account for a similar share, with Māori contributions accounting for 45.9 per cent and 49.2 per cent respectively, which together contribute 95.1 per cent.
The success of the project and the improvement of the ecological layout of the corporate services industry have led to a significant increase in net profits from 2017-2018, with two sectoral analyses: the trend towards cloud computing, the trend towards national policy protection, and the trend towards 2.1 cloud computing, with vast space for cloud operations.
With the advent of the Internet and large data centres, there is a possibility of sharing computing resources, on the basis of which the concept of cloud computing has been proposed and gradually developed. In the process of cloud computing development, the industry as a whole has been broadly divided into infrastructure, i.e. services (laas), platforms, i.e. services (paas) and software, i.e. services (saas).
Services mainly provide lower-level services such as servers, storage networks: the Paas service mainly provides services of a platform nature such as intermediates, operating systems, and operating environments: the saas service mainly provides services such as applications, data analysis management, etc. The rapid growth of the cloud computing market stems mainly from the following reasons:
Industry no longer needs to spend higher costs on servers, drivers, etc., but only on leasing costs to access cloud service providers: 2 expandable, enterprises can elasticly lease cloud service providers' services to meet their own business volume requirements: 3 dynamic, cloud services are less demanding for user equipment, allowing users to obtain high performance calculations in different environments; 4 are highly reliable.
Users’ data and applications are stored at cloud ends under the protection of professional cloud service providers. Gartner states that global spending on it began to pick up in 2017 and is expected to grow steadily in the coming years (17 to 19 years of enterprise software, with growth of more than 8% between 17 years), mainly because more businesses invest their budgets in cloud services.
Annually, $26.1 billion (including bpaas, saas, paas, laas, cloud management and safety services, cloud advertising) increased by 18.4 per cent, compared to 18.4 per cent, and will maintain a 15 per cent or more increase in the future to the size of $4.14 billion by 2020. Domestically, China’s cloud computing market has grown considerably since it grew later than overseas.
In 2017, the Chinese cloud calculated the size of the city to be about 69.31 billion yuan, and will continue to grow at about 30% in 2019, at a market rate of 11.26 billion yuan, with the cloud industry booming.
The cloud computing industry has received attention as a result of the effects of resource pooling (which can effectively increase the efficiency of the use of the underlying IT resources), and countries around the world have put in place corresponding support policies to drive industrial development. On the international front, the US government has re-engineered the “Con Agility” strategy since October 2018, focusing on better information-based decision-making for federal government agencies at all levels.
The Governments of Canada and Chile adopted a more optimized cloud technology program: in the same year, the Governments of Canada and Chile issued an administrative strategy for Cloud First, which identified priority for cloud services at all levels of government. By contrast, although the country’s cloud computing industry started late, the country has a number of accompanying policies for industry.
The National Strategy for the Development of Information Systems, published in July 2016, clearly raised cloud computing to the heart of the national information industry: the three-year action plan for cloud computing development (2017-2019), issued in March 2017, defined the time point and objectives of the process.
Provinces and municipalities have also introduced preferential policies tailored to local circumstances, either to provide cloud subsidies or to provide coupons.3 Companies have analysed that cloud operations are advancing rapidly and that ecological integration advantages are evident.
3.1 Product lines are well configured to provide a full life cycle of the enterprise. Companies are well configured to cover the full life cycle of corporate informatization. In terms of business layout, the company's main business is software, cloud services, and financial services.
Products, together with industrial solutions such as manufacturing, tobacco, automobiles, and finance; in cloud services, companies began to provide services in individual areas such as finance, manpower, etc. After several years of accumulation, heavy-pound products such as “u8cloud”, “Friendly Clouds” and “Ingenuity” Internet Industrial Platforms were launched in 2017, together with Zhejiang, Jiangxi, Hubei and Hunan provinces.
The Government works together to build provincial cloud platforms; in the area of financial services, companies provide comprehensive financial services such as payment settlements, financial management, risk management, supply chain finance to businesses through the People’s Security Insurance, Central China Village Bank, easy payments, and the Friendship Institute.
According to the 2018 report, the company received $5.61 billion from the software business, which accounts for the overall growth rate, a steady growth in corporate software business in 2018, compared to the faster growth in cloud and financial operations, which reached 108 per cent, 54.9 per cent, respectively, as financial services and corporate business were further integrated and cloud markets expanded in the future.
Clouds and gold are expected to grow at a high rate. 3.2 Research and development is highly invested in building heavy cloud products.
The pace of running has been rapidly updated to suit the needs of business users. In terms of data, the company’s research and development staff has been growing steadily in recent years, reaching about billions of yuan by the end of 2018, accounting for 19.3% of revenue, and research and development inputs are at a higher level, both in absolute terms and proportionally.
A horizontal comparison of the R & D costs of mainstream cloud computing firms shows that companies’ R & D costs represent a higher proportion of total revenue. High R & D costs make it possible for companies to provide high-quality cloud products.
With high investment in R & D, companies have introduced multi-pound cloud products since 2017: u8cloud, u8cloud platform, smart industry Internet platform, nccloud, etc., all cost hundreds of millions of dollars.
\triangleright has since provided cloud services, starting with cloud services in such detailed areas as finance, marketing, etc. In April 2017, the company officially released and fully onlineed its Soyuz platform, which has since completed its work with friends.
The role of the cloud platform has changed from an industrial eco-cloud platform and has been defined from the moment it was released as a socialized business application infrastructure and a shared business service industry platform. Use of the Yoon-Cun platform iuap as a basic platform for socialized commercial applications, with platforms for development, running platforms, and transport-viming
The platform, the application market and the operating platform, which covers business-level transactions, connections, operations, management, modelling, such as human resources, digital marketing, procurement supply, social cohesion, financial co-benefits, smart manufacturing, etc., supports a variety of cloud-based products and industrial cloud resolution nccloud - cloud-to-middle-sized enterprises
On January 18, 2019, the company launched a brand-new joint digital solution between its friends, nccloud, and China’s big corporations. The target client group of nccloud is a growing group of firms to a large group of firms, using the latest hybrid cloud technology architecture that fully supports the flexible deployment model of private, publicly owned and exclusive clouds.
Nccloud covers the core functional values of friendly nc, with a greater focus on helping large firms to achieve full digitization of people, money, goods, and customers, while building new platforms for digital enterprises through open connectivity, integrated intelligent cloud services, thus reshaping the core competitiveness of new business technologies and new businesses.
Figure 17: Corporate structure of nccloud products \triangleright \triangleright
In August 2017, the company released the “intellectual” industrial Internet platform to add momentum to intelligent manufacturing. The use of the “smart” platform is an industrial cloud, which will provide industrial enterprises with cloud services in the areas of design, manufacturing, services, etc. With the launch of the platform, the company will work to support the Government in deploying regional industrial clouds to boost local SMEs; and to support them.
Figure 18: Corporate smart industry Internet platform architecture 3.3 Eco-integration strategy to build corporate growth poles over the long term
The company began to provide financial services to clients in 2014, when it initiated the creation of the Friendship Institute to provide small financial services to its clients and their workforce. As the demand for integrated services increased among its clients, the company gradually increased its presence in the enterprise.
So far, companies are also providing comprehensive financial services such as payment settlements, supply chain finance, cash management, and corporate finance to their clients through the friendly financial cloud. As the company’s financial profile is gradually improved, its synergies with corporate software and cloud services are becoming apparent.
Now, companies are able to embed financial services into their own software and cloud services products to meet their needs for payment, financial management, cash management, etc., and are able to provide supply chain financial services to firms based on their large business user base and a combination of data and information banking, factoring agencies and other financial institutions.
The eco-integration strategy highlights the competitive advantage of companies \triangleright, which has been moving in the direction of integration, integration and ecology since the introduction of the “Friends 3.0” strategy.
While traditional software has enhanced its ability to deliver integrated services through a range of outreach developments, the accelerated convergence of products by companies has made user experiences more fluid, and companies in the future want to be able to provide more professional and sophisticated services to business users together with ecological partners.
In partnership with ecological partners, to provide quality services to business users, the launch of the Soyun Eco-development Project, which is a milestone in the company's 3.0 strategy, was launched.
In 2018, the company launched the Soyuz Eco-Development Plan at the Friends of the Future Conference. According to the plan, 3,000 partners will enter the Soyun Cloud market in 2018, 5,000 in products and services, 50 in integrated products and services, and more than 100 million in sales of partner products and services; at the same time, support will be provided.
Five hundred exclusive distributors, giving sales incentives of up to 20 million, 30 million for technical services, 50 million for marketing operations, and 600 million for the Eco-Partner Investment Development Fund. According to the company's first quarterly report in 2019, the number of manufacturers on the ecological platform was over 3,500, and the number of products and services was over 5,500.
The company’s cloud market has become the main market in the country, issuing 52 shares of the marketed cloud eco-products, combining them with the company’s own cloud, and providing a full range of cloud services for the company.
In the midst of the business’s digital transformation, companies provide cloud platforms to create a client-operability system for cloud services and financial services by integrating their own and partner products and services. At the same time, corporate industry chain partners will upgrade to eco-partners.
Partners as well as strategic partners: In addition to authorized partners from traditional software distributors, companies can help such partners to expand solutions for gold, services for blending and cloud services.
Consult with IPs: Focus on the development of cloud service products, consulting and implementing partners. Companies will achieve a division of business through a consortium of consultants, business support systems, project systems, subcontracting project systems and partners.
The cloud platform’s development partners are mainly based in api, product integration, brand integration, and so on. For example, a friend’s cloud is integrated with a micro-television live broadcast: a cloud contract is launched with a friend’s cloud and an e-signing.
Strategic partners: This type of partner generally has a greater market impact within the industry and is able to complement corporate resources, share competitive advantages and benefits, such as company-to-China cooperation and deep-seated cooperation with 100-year-olds.
Assumption 1: Based on data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the domestic market for erp software was 26.5 billion in 2018, an increase of 11% over the same period, and will remain at about 10%. The company ' s erp software business is now in the process of transition from a software suit to cloud services, taking into account the experience of big players like overseas companies, such as Adobe, and software will be on the line with cloud operations.
Assumption 2: Cloud business is now a priority business for the company, with 362,000 cumulative user payments in 2018, up from the same level, relying on the establishment of a company based on the Toyotun Platform Ecology and the signing of strategic agreements with multi-provincial cities to facilitate the growth of the company, the company cloud business will continue to do so.
Assumption 3: The financial business consists mainly of billing and p2p treasury operations (12 per cent in 2018 and 88 per cent in 2018 respectively), subject to domestic policy influences on the regulation of p2p finance and the current size of the financial business, we believe that the development of the financial business of the Public Administration will move from a rapid growth phase to a stable growth phase.
As the company is in the process of transition from software to cloud, and as the cloud business is not yet able to contribute its profits, a segment valuation method is applied to the Division: for the fast-growing cloud business ps valuation, for finance and software operations, we use a pe-appropriation for cloud operations, we refer to the overseas cloud business companies workday, salesforce, servisenow,
The correlation between the growth rate of pure saas, such as hubspot, zendesk, and the multiplicity of ps valuations shows a clear linear relationship between the two. Based on our projections of the growth rate of corporate cloud operations, 1.70 billion in 2019, we used the pe valuation method for corporate software and financial operations.
The net interest rate before the operation was 10-15%, we measured the profits of the company's software and financial operations by using the average net interest rate of 13%, and the equalizations contributed a net profit of 1 billion. For the valuation of software and financial operations, we compared software companies such as Micronet (60339), Stone Information (002153), Four Ds new (002.45), 10,000 Information (3000168), and so on.
Conclusions and ratings: In view of the fact that companies are at the forefront of domestic enterprise informatization and that companies are gradually improving the ecology of the platform, guided by the "friendship 3.0 strategy", we believe that, under the divisional valuation method, the reasonable market value of companies is around $81.1 billion, corresponding to 1) cloud business development or less than expected; 2) financial policy risks; 3) increased competition in the software field.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.