Wei Hongmei, August 12th, 2019.
Based on the business management software, the cloud business transformation has been very effective. Companies have been working on the business management software for many years, and, with high-quality financial software and erp, have gradually taken the lead in the business software market.In 2015, companies released a 3.0 transformation strategy centred on cloud computing, forming cloud services, software, and software.
A three-pronged new layout of financial services. As research and development investment increases, companies break through the technological bottlenecks and introduce cloud products that blend deep with software under the flag.
The cloud business has become the focus of corporate business growth, with several financial pre-eminence indicators that continue to improve, with a compound growth rate of income per capita in Paas/saas/baas/daas for nearly three years.
The erp autonomously controlled sector leads, covering high-end and long-tail markets. The company has successfully developed standardized and customized software for different sizes of enterprises, including nc series for large enterprises, the u8 series for medium-sized enterprises and the t series for small and medium-sized enterprises, covering all high-end and long-tails.
At the same time, companies have developed customized services and solutions for the vertical sector, and the industry’s influence has gradually expanded.
The company’s market share of products such as erp, financial management, asset management software, etc., is a huge leader in competition, and it sits in the chair of the industry. Heavy cloud products are on the rise, and ecological prosperity is on the rise.
For years, you have benefited from the introduction of cloud applications and field cloud modules for small and micro-enterprises.
December maximum price ($) to build up client base b of the software business, and companies are pushing the firm to have an incomparable advance. December lowest price ($)
On the other hand, the company speeded up the establishment of the iuap cloud platform and actively promoted the creation of the “saas+paas” eco-economy, increasing ecological height and breadth from the center structure and ecological partners, respectively.
The launch of the "Friends" project, which brings together the best developers in the industry and the technical cadres of the industry, will serve both to complement and refine the use of the "Friend Clouds" module and to further expand the influence of the industry in the use of the "Friend Cloud Ecology" industry. With the boom in the market city, the "Friend Clouds" could be used for the future.
The top-level manufacturing design, China Manufacturing 2025, has set the general objective of developing manufacturing information, and industrial Internet headlines and accompanying rules have evolved from platform building to pilot work to industrial mutual development.
The Internet platform is based on the iuap platform, which can be used to integrate the nine-sewy industrial enterprises into their cores, saas and third-party saas, and has a strong impact on the productivity and economic efficiency of the enterprises.
Construction in the regions is proceeding in an orderly manner, and as of August 2019, five regional sub-platforms were operational; nine local sub-platforms were under construction and regional penetration was increasing. Investment advice: maintain a prudential recommended rating.
Business software has been transformed into an eco-leader of cloud computing "saas+paas." In a cloud-based wave, we believe that continued growth in the company's cloud operations will, on the one hand, provide a strong driver of performance and, on the other hand, promise to further promote the ecological prosperity of friendly clouds.
“saas+paas” has taken the lead in two areas. Therefore, the recommended rating is maintained. Company 1. Company profile: based on business management software, which has achieved significant transformational results. One of the leading business software developers in the country. The company was established in 1988 to capture the financial information of domestic firms at an early stage.
In 1991, with high-quality financial software, it gained the first place in the national financial software market. With the upgrading of business information, the single financial management software has fallen short of business production needs. In 1998, the company launched a 2.0 strategy to speed up the deployment of the erp software, further linking enterprise finance, manpower, procurement, etc.
In response, companies have introduced the nc series, u series, and other erp systems to fully cover low-end high-school clients, and the product system has gradually improved. With the introduction of modules in multiple erp series and areas, companies have been leading the domestic enterprise application industry for many years.
Figure 1: With cloud transformation at its core, the 3.0 strategy has been fully paved up. In recent years, along with the rapid pace of domestic economic development, enterprises have been expanding their productive activities, increasing the load of their original information systems, storage of data, data security, transport, etc.
In 2015, the company issued a 3.0 strategy, which establishes a change orientation based on cloud computing. By pushing the system upwards, changing the way it operates locally, it targeted large amounts of data storage, data processing efficiency, etc. Under the 3.0 strategy, the company formed a cloud-based, cloud-based service, software, and financial services.
A three-pronged layout. With the continued expansion of cloud operations, the company took first place in 2017 in the publicly owned market of Yunsaas. 1.2 The multiplicity of operations, the significant impact of cloud transformations, the steady growth of software operations, and the overturning of cloud operations. In 2018, the company generated $5,579 million in software revenue, which was equal to the growth rate.
8.7% of the growth rate has slowed in the last three years; software operations are expected to remain steady in the future, driven by domestic business information needs. In contrast to cloud operations, they have now become the focus of corporate business growth. In 2018, revenues from cloud services reached 2,094 million yuan, an increase of 72.77% over the previous year.
It is expected that, with the company’s 3.0 strategy going forward, cloud services will move to a golden age. Research and development inputs are increasing, and cloud lines are expanding. Companies are increasing their cloud computing research and development inputs, pushing them all into deeper integration with software under the flag.
Growth is nearly 15%, maintaining a high double-digit growth rate for two consecutive years. Meanwhile, companies that captured their R & D investment in 2018 have continued to break through technological bottlenecks and have reduced their R & D and overlaps with cloud-based products such as friendly platforms, cloudp, field clouds, etc., and have further widened their product lines.
The cloud technology architecture, which not only integrates user-friendly erp modules, but also allows seamlessly fit-in applications in the field of friendland and third-party saas applications, constantly drives firms to move towards digital commercialization. The ahead-line indicators continue to be good, with high per capita income-generating growth.
The revenue from the cloud business is largely based on annual subscriptions, which tend to be more stable and sustained on a year-by-year basis. The subscription fees recognized on a year-by-year basis are mainly reflected in the advance payments, which have increased each year since the cloud transition in 2015, reaching $1.08 billion in 2018, a significant increase over the previous year.
26.3 per cent. At the same time, corporate operating cash flows have continued to improve since 2016, with annual per capita income generated by the services of Paas/saas/baas/daas for three consecutive years amounted to $38.5 million, with a compound growth rate of 134.06 per cent for the last three years, compared with 6.05 per cent for the traditional software business for the last three years.
2. Software business: The erp self-controlled industry has taken the lead, covering high-end and long-tail markets, and there are new challenges to the economic development of 2.1. Informational management has become a trend that has led to a sharp increase in labour production costs. With the rapid growth of our industry, the average wages of Chinese industrial workers have also been raised.
In terms of data for 2012-2017, the average composite wage growth rate for industrial workers was 6.15%, compared to 5.09% for total industrial enterprises for the same period. The average compound wage growth rate for employed persons was much higher than for total industrial enterprises; at the same time, the overall trend of growth in total industrial enterprises ' profits slowed down.
In addition, in the past, the country’s economic development has been characterized by investment in resource elements, and by a crude development model that has not been refined and managed. In this case, problems of waste of resources and environmental pollution naturally arise.
In the past, a number of firms have neglected resources and environmental issues, and when constraints arise, they have become difficult to adapt, production costs have suddenly increased, and information management has become increasingly dominant among firms.
The key, among other things, is the effective integration of in-house enterprise resources, improving the efficiency of business operations, and reducing unnecessary waste of resources. The business management software is generated by managing procurement, production, costs, inventory, distribution, transport, finance, human resources, etc., in an integrated manner, thereby achieving the best mix of resources.
As a result, enterprise software has evolved towards integration and has gradually evolved into an enterprise management software that combines logistics, information volume, and financial flows, i.e., erp (enterpriseresources)
2.2 Our erp market has great potential, high-end erp desperately needs to replace national production, global market growth is slowing, and our market space is huge. As erp began to penetrate Europe and America in the 1990s,
Markets, after many years of penetration, have saturated the market space in the developed countries of Europe and the United States, leading to signs of a slowdown in global erp markets as a whole in recent years. Foreseeing data, the global erp market was $52.6 billion in 2017, a 2.33% increase, and the rate of growth has been declining since 2010.
In 2017, the market was 23.880 million yuan, an increase of 14.1 per cent over the previous year; it is expected to reach 26.510 billion yuan in 2018. Because our economy is dominated by small and medium-sized enterprises, the high implementation costs of early erp are often a major obstacle to the informationization of enterprises.
Business erp development technologies have matured, marginal development costs have been reduced and low-cost, small, simple erp has become possible, which in the long run has helped to accelerate erp penetration of small and medium-sized enterprises in the country.
Figure 13: Global erp market size, low- and medium-end erp repressive victory, high-end erp-country replacement is imperative. After years of technological accumulation and domesticization, our manufacturers broke the international monopoly on the erp market.
The market is owned by local producers, with a combined 78% share of the city and a rising voice in the industry. In the high-end erp sector, however, our market is still dominated by a major international company, sap, oracle, with a market share of more than 50% in 2017: domestic producers use only 10% of the company’s stock.
At the same time, high-end erp clients, dominated by enterprises such as state corporations, large private enterprises and others involved in the livelihood and economic pillars of the country, must be replaced by high-end erp state production in the context of recent booms and China events. 2.3 Products are self-controlled and cover multiple customers.
From finance software to erp, deep-farming enterprise software markets. Since its inception, the company has been guided by business needs, introducing standardized and customized software for different industries and fields, moving from an earlier single finance module, human resources management module, etc., to an erp that integrates enterprise financial, business, production, etc., and furthers the enterprise.
Business informs, smarts decision-making, and achieves full synergy of modules. According to the Sadie consultant ' s report, the company ranked first in the market for enterprise-level applications for the second consecutive year of 2016. The market breakdown shows that in 2017 the domestic market was 28.9%, 24.6%, 12.8%, respectively, for erp software, financial management software, and asset management software.
The share of the field is also very large, leading the competitors in the industry, sitting in the chair of the industry. Figure 17: The position of the corporate software industry, the product layout, is improving to cover high-end and long-tail markets. Companies have developed their own targets for different sizes of firms.
Simultaneous software, which covers business finance, human resources, digital marketing, business analysis, etc., creates a well-developed enterprise erp product system. At the same time, companies can provide modules, functional additions and deletions to meet customization needs, depending on the needs of their clients.
The u8 series of enterprises and the t series of micro-enterprises cover the full range of high-end and long-tail customer markets. Of these, the nc series is the company’s core high-end erp. By focusing on the five dimensions of “customers”, “people”, “financial”, “material” and “technology”, respectively, the digital marketing business platform, the human capital management and the sharing of collaborative work platforms, etc.
Group financial control platforms, supply chain and manufacturing management operating platforms, and computing platforms, achieve full corporate intelligence and fine management.
Management, marketing, customer management, etc.) or integrated management systems t+, t6. Of this, the annual fee for “good accounting” roll-out is only $498 and the zeroa system is only $3800/year, which further attracts the long end user market by providing low-cost, high-quality systems. By the end of 2018, there were more than 1.47 million clients of the enterprises that provided services to the software business.
A 12.21% increase in the number of users each year. Actively dig for vertical industry and area solutions.
A branch of the industry, such as a six-subsidiary company, such as a friendship software company, and a friend car information technology company, actively explores the industry attributes of the vertical sector. In addition to providing customized software for specific industries, such as the Social Security Fund, the Budget Management System for the Tobacco Industry, etc., the subsidiary also provides advisory services for the respective industries.
For the third year in a row, the market share of the public finance management software was the first, and the financial software covered 90 per cent of the country ' s banks.
The product covers the management, management, management, and management of financial enterprises.
3. Cloud service operations: heavy-pound products are on the rise, eco-exploitation is around the clock, the advantages of the 3.1 cloud computing industry are evident, and three layers of architecture are closely linked.
Cloud computing is an Internet-based pay-as-you-go model. There are as many as 100 definitions of cloud computing, the most authoritative and widely accepted definition of which is the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in the United States.
The configurable pool of computing resources (resources including networks, servers, storage, applications, services) can be provided quickly, with little management input, or little interaction with service providers. The Amazon defines cloud computing as the ability to provide computing capacity, databases, on demand, through the internet cloud service platform.
Storage, applications, and other int resources, using a demand-based pricing model. The two definitions are the same.
In the traditional network architecture, the enterprise server is fixed and installed in hardware, even if only a portion of it is needed to pay for it, resulting in a waste of server numeracy and resources. Moreover, when the size of the enterprise’s users is growing rapidly, the original server computing capacity is no longer sufficient to meet the demand.
At that time, the enterprise will also have to pay a separate fee to upgrade the hardware/software in question. Cloud computing changes the traditional network architecture, multiple servers are pre-positioned in a state of readiness, resources are provided on demand through virtualization, end-users will have to pay as required, hardware upgrades will be completed in the resource pool and no additional costs will be incurred by the user.
The traditional network hierarchy has been restructured with clear advantages compared to the traditional idc operation in terms of the speed and size of resource pooling, platform operating efficiency, type of service, and fee-for-money model. The hierarchy is closely linked.
And the clouding of different layers has created three service modes from top down from saas, pas to iaas, where saas provide cloud services directly to end-users; paas provide the development environment for saas; both of these are separated.
There is a need to pay for the actual use or possession of resources. 3.2 The late but large space for the start of the process is a policy boost to rapid development.
Global: Cloud computing market growth has stabilized. After the start-up boom, global cloud computing markets have slowed down and started to move to a smooth growth phase. According to the Chinese ICAC, the volume of the market in 2018 was $13.3 billion, representing a 23.01% increase, down by 3.76 billion.
The global cloud computing market is expected to grow at an average rate of around 19.01% between 2019 and 2022, a year-by-year slowdown; by 2022, the global cloud computing market is expected to be more than $270 billion.
Growth of 39.2 per cent was significantly higher than global markets. Of this, the public cloud market was 43.7 billion yuan, a significant increase over the same period. Figure 21: Our cloud computing market size. Figure 22: Our public cloud market size.
At the end of June 2018, 301 businesses had received cloud service plates issued by the Ministry of Trade and Communications, and with the arrival of a large number of local service providers in the local industry.
In addition, although our Paas market is currently small at $2.18 billion in 2018, its strategic position in cloud computing ecology has driven growth in recent years to a high of 54.76% in four years, with the prospect of further eruptions expected in the future. In 2018, the Saas market was 14.5 billion yuan, compared to the comparable figure.
In 2015, the first year of our cloud computing policy, the State Department issued the State Council's Opinion on Promoting Innovative Cloud computing Development and Fostering a New Business in the Information Industry, the State Council's Opinion on the Management of the Security of Cloud computing services in the Power Sector, and the State Council's Action on Active Promotion of the Internet Plus.
In 2017, the Ministry of Industry and Informationization issued a three-year plan of action for cloud computing development (2017-2019).
By 2019, China ' s cloud computing industry would have reached the size of 430 billion yuan, with a compound increase of 30 per cent over four years in a row, and it was expected to break through a core set of key technologies, achieve international excellence in cloud computing services and significantly increase the catalytic effect on the new generation of information industries. In August 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued the " Guide to Promoting the Implementation of Corporate Clouds " (2018-2020).
Ten thousand families, with more than 100 cases of typical pole application, form an influential and dynamic cloud platform and enterprise centre for cloud experience. Figure 24: Three-year action plan for cloud computing development (2017-2019)
The combination of cloud computing and erp is a trend for the future. Cloudp has a clear advantage over traditional erp. Cloudp, a simple version of the erp system developed through cloud computing, deploys the system to the cloud server and connects users through terminal devices such as pc, tablet computers, smartphones, etc.
Web access to cloud servers to access erp applications. Compared to traditional erp systems, cloud computing erp can significantly reduce the cost of investment by reducing corporate investment in hardware and simply renting the hardware and network resources needed to deploy erp from platform service providers. On the other hand, cloud platform service providers tend to be ahead in size and technology.
With the best hardware environment, technical tools, and technical talent, it provides a safe and stable operating environment, secures and backups user data, and effectively protects user data privacy. In addition, cloud computing has advantages over traditional erp in terms of avoiding system piracy, handling big information.
Table 6: Cloudp advantage erp is a trend for the future. From a technical point of view, cloud computing is not an entirely new product, but it still has a number of innovations, especially for individuals and SMEs, and the gradual maturity of cloud computing can make up for SME development.
Although there is room for improvement in the erp under cloud computing patterns in terms of safeguarding user data privacy and reducing the reliance on communication facilities, the advantages and opportunities that cloud computing offers to the erp system are far greater than its inherent disadvantages, and the erp is still in its infancy, and as cloud computing technology evolves, cloud technology is managed in various types of enterprise information.
According to Gartner, in 2018, about 30% of the country’s enterprises will move their erp systems to the clouds. In the long run, this number will continue to grow significantly over the next 10 years or more. 3.4 versus the major international plant, cloud computing is moving towards ecologization.
From saas to paas. As the user grew up from software, we compared a major international factory, salesforce, which started with crm, with its successful transformation to the path of saas producers during cloud computing.
The gartner data show that in 2018 Salesforce dominated the global market with 19.5% of its market share, leading by more than two times as many as the second sap (8.3%). With many years of experience with crm development, the company has gradually developed its base structure to provide its clients to saas. In response, salesforce established the software development platform Force and the trading platform.
Third-party developers can develop the development tools and environments needed for software development using Open Source Platform Force and sell their own additional modules to customers via Appexchange. By creating open-source development platforms and trading platforms, Salesforce brings together a large number of third-party applications developers, mobilizing not only developers.
Activism, and more importantly, enriches the salesforce application module, thus creating a larger conglomerate. Figure 25: Force platform, using erp as an opportunity to promote cloud ecology. For example, cloud-enderp is developed on the basis of specific cloud-end developments.
The lack of an integrated development environment and fragmentation of industry often leads to high costs of development, maintenance, and conversion, which discourages small and medium-sized micro-enterprise software information and cloud processes. Since Saas is developed on a paas platform, Paas becomes the home of the army.
Ecology is built and diffused, and developers do not need to develop basic structures and operating systems on their own to acquire the development tools, servers, and programming environments needed through Paas. Whether in terms of business costs or transportation, it is important and urgent to push for a unified development ecology, and ecological prosperity is the long-term boost to market prosperity.
3.5 weighs of the cloud, and the firm advantage of the customer is apparent, with the traditional erp as a blueprint, and the core products are published. Based on the volume of products and technologies in the area of enterprise software over the past 30 years, the company has established a cloudy line of “core architecture plus innovative cloud services.” Specifically, the company uses the flagship erp soft.
The development base (nc series, u series) is the cloud of internal promotion of erp modules, such as financial management, human resources management, supply chain production management, etc., and external connectivity of cloud services with a friendly cloud interface and third-party partners through an openapi interface to achieve full intra-enterprise and external resource connectivity, sharing and synergy through internal and external integration.
The structure suggests that the company’s cloud erp is equipped with an up-to-date mix of cloud technology that supports the flexible deployment of private, public and exclusive clouds to meet the needs of the company for data storage. Currently, the company’s heavy weight of cloud erp products u8clud and nccloud have been published successively.
u8cloud: Medium-sized enterprises start up with cloudp, with a clear sub-filtration effect. The company released the first generation of cloudp product u8clud in 2017, which provides comprehensive support for intra- and external business collaboration, marketing innovation, smart finance and manpower services.
Financial management, new taxes, performance management and mobile applications can be continuously optimized. For target clients, u8clud, which focuses mainly on small and medium-sized growth and start-up companies, helps accelerate the production of products in small and medium-sized client groups through cloud mode, low cost, rapid deployment, i.e. renting to help businesses eliminate hard software input and quickly build business management structures.
By July 2018, u8cloud had signed up for 400+ clients, including a number of well-known businesses such as Xiaoyang, Xuantang, Hainan and Coco Island, with a growing client base. nccloud: Large companies have high-end cloud erp, working together to make them self-controllable. The company released its first generation in 2018.
High-end cloud erp to large enterprises has achieved master-driven research and development in cloud platforms, databases, intermediates, and applications, not only by significantly reducing the cost of clouding the enterprise, but also by ensuring that technology is safe, reliable and autonomous throughout the process.
The large-capacity oracle database also allows automatic backup and smart monitoring. Also, the deployment of the nccloud mixed cloud is based on the China-based cloudstack, and business continuity is effectively ensured in the context of a unified managed and consistent cloud service experience.
As a subsidiary of the company, which specializes in long-tail markets, such as small micro-enterprises, in cloud operations, its main function is to provide multiple saas applications such as good accounting, good business, easy-to-account, etc., to meet the common needs of businesses whose customers manage their finances, advances, production management, etc. via pc or mobile phone end.
On the field cloud side, in response to clients ' demands for management and information in different areas, companies have now released cloud modules in a number of areas, such as marketing, coordination, human, procurement, financial, etc., which allow seamless interfaces to business erp, such as nc columns and u series, to further meet the diverse needs of clients and personal customization.
The product is highly functional, accelerating industry penetration. In the case of the neccloud, which is a friendly cloud fisting product, it provides basic human resources, digital marketing, financial management, etc., for management services within the enterprise, and it integrates cloud services, marketing, synergizing, and is able to integrate services with external ecological partners, product performance, etc.
Currently, nccloud has achieved solutions for 14 mainstream industries, such as manufacturing, consumer goods, construction, real estate, and financial insurance, with industry coverage expanding.
Figure 29: Nccloud Software has a solid client base that drives the cloud to its full advantage. For nearly 30 years, the company’s deep-farming software market, from a single financial software to a erp state-owned replacement, has been stunned and visited. By the end of 2017, the company’s product users had received a large number of hits.
The customer base of a large number of enterprises, such as 56% of China’s 500-strong enterprises, 51% of China’s 500-strong manufacturing industry, and 80% of China’s more than one province’s national capital investment platform, is huge. For enterprises, especially large ones, the conversion costs of later information systems are very high, not only in terms of time and effort, but also in terms of a possible temporary halt in their production operations.
For friends, over the years, end-b clients have accumulated a natural advantage in their client locking, and companies have an incomparable advantage in promoting traditional software customers over other new cloud apps. Figure 30: Affiliation client coverage (as of 2017)
Ten of the country's 10 largest agro-forestry and pastoralist countries, 10 of China's fast-track pharmaceutical industry, more than 100 Chinese cities, more than 100 Chinese cities, more than 100 Chinese cities, more than 100 Chinese cities, more than 100 Chinese cities.
The 3.6 uiuap cloud platform, which is being promoted by the company's brand name and brand company, has developed an ecological platform by improving the core value of the “3+2” system. The company has developed it over the years because of its experience in applications development.
The path is naturally based on the ecological model of the salesforce, the “saas+paas” model. From the beginning of its creation, the Soyun platform iuap was founded on the principles of openness, open source, ecology, and the provision of a full range of cloud development support to businesses and ecological partners. The platform has now been seamlessly equipped with a variety of Iaas basic services, daas data suits.
Business and Baas operators effectively meet the diverse technology needs of developers. And the core competitiveness of the iuap platform is not just about providing open-source technology needs for developers, but, more importantly, it introduces the value of a "3+2" platform, which is built around three medium-structures, which are complemented by cloud services and ecological services.
Central, by definition, is between front-end systems for clients and back-office business systems. The Chinese concept was first proposed by Ali in 2015 in the context of the overlap of resources in some of the business lines of Ali's Department, such as the development of similar modules by employees on different lines.
The role of the center is to bring together the front-end and back-office systems in an organic way, combining their sources, enabling different sectors to share information and break the information divide. With the rapid growth of our economy, the size of the enterprise has expanded accordingly, and, in the face of a vast business and data system, the center is not only able to share resources.
To improve efficiency, and also to effectively reduce the cost of business. In this trend, the friendly iubap platform promotes the idea from the source by introducing the infrastructure of the center (data center, business center, technology hub) and moving forward with the ecological height of the neurological cloud.
In addition to integrating existing partners into cloud ecosystems, the company is actively attracting specialized companies involved in technical advice, technology development, etc., to bring new power to the industry.
The Division divided it into five categories, including distribution partners, advisory implementing service partners, cloud market partners, cloud platform development partners, and strategic partners. We believe that companies bring together a group of good service providers in the industry, on the one hand, at the technical level, to further complement and refine the use of the cloud module by bringing together the technical backbone of the industry; and, on the other hand, at the strategic level.
In addition to being able to access support for the development of the iuap-based platform, the host partners are also able to use their friends.
By the beginning of 2019, the city had 3,542 host partners, an increase of 18.07% compared to the previous year, with a growing number of partners. As a result, the city had a year-round cloud product and solution 5160, covering seven major areas: digital marketing, digital manufacturing, digital finance, etc.
In terms of sales, the sales volume of the city has increased by 70 per cent over the year to 170 million yuan.
In May 2015, China launched the China Manufacturing 2025 Strategic Plan of Action for the Manufacturing of Power. China Manufacturing 2025, as the highest manufacturing programme document, has been described as “a significant increase in the level of manufacturing information”, and as “the integration of the two (industrialization and information) into the new steps.”
As can be seen from the above, the country intends to upgrade its manufacturing industry by in-depth integration of the new generation of information technology with manufacturing technology. In the process of upgrading manufacturing information, the new generation of information technology, such as the industrial Internet, cloud computing, big data, will be in the whole process of enterprise R & D design, manufacturing, management, marketing services, etc., and in the whole chain of industry.
At the same time, smart equipment, smart products, smart controls will be developed, and the production process will move to intelligence. In this context, smart controls include the interface of key processes such as enterprise regulation, design and manufacturing, production and distribution, business and finance.
The year saw the launch of the Guidance for Deepening the “Internet+Advanced Manufacturing” to develop the industrial Internet. It is mentioned in the Opinion that the development of the industrial Internet is conducive to accelerating the transformation of smart manufacturing and to greater scope, efficiency, and efficiency.
The importance of the industrial Internet is recognized again at the national level. Once the headlines of the industrial Internet have landed, the relevant refinements are followed up, including the Industrial Internet Platform Evaluation Methodology published by the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the Industrial Internet Platforms Development and Development.
We believe that the development of industrial Internet platforms will be fast-tracked in the context of the first and accompanying documents. The iuap platform is a blueprint, and the smart platform is most effective.
The technological architecture of the back-office before integration can serve industrial enterprises to integrate seamlessly into the Nucleus Saas and third-party Saas, helping enterprises to innovate new models of intelligent production, networking synergies, service extension and digital management, and to improve the productivity and economic efficiency of their enterprises. In the case of the Atlantic Group, the smart industry Internet platform was officially launched in 2017.
In group operations, the platform integrates a number of hardware and software systems, such as end-of-life ncerp and smart factories. After six months of typing, automation, and intelligent adaptation, the group ' s research and development cycle has been reduced by 20%, inventory has been reduced by 20%, quality has improved by 2 to 3 percentage points, staff has been reduced by 30 to 50%, and economic efficiency has improved significantly.
The beneficiary’s national policy is to promote the transformation of manufacturing information and the development of the industrial Internet, and the development of the smart industry’s Internet platform. The development of the smart platform is proceeding in an orderly manner throughout the country, and as of August 2019, five regional sub-platforms have been launched.
At the same time, the company has nine local sub-platforms under construction and regional penetration is increasing. According to data on access to smart platforms, as of August 2019, there were
Smart platforms represent well-known businesses such as Datang Power, Shanghai Space Technology Institute, and Southern Cement. With the end-of-life 3.0 strategy, the company is shifting from a corporate software tap to a cloud computing “saas+paas” ecological collar.
In the midst of cloud computing, we believe that the continued growth of the company's cloud operations will, on the one hand, provide a strong driver of performance and, on the other hand, promise to further promote the ecological prosperity of friendly clouds at 84.2 and 58.52 times the equivalent in the “saas+paas” dollar.
The technology and products have not advanced as expected and competition in the industry has intensified.
The “market index” of this rating system is referred to by 300 indexes. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been informed independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.