Using Friends Network, 20-year-old national software taps have changed and changed, using 20-year scales to maintain a high industrial growth speed as a corporate software tap and
It's a good opportunity for the industry to catch up with the cloud and the history of national production. It's another 20% cagr in 20 years and a software model. The company is a leading domestic company that has grown up with Chinese software (especially business software), and it has done so in almost 20 years 2001-2018.
In the area of erp software, companies account for about a third of the total, ranking first; even if the entire Chinese software industry is looking at its income calibre, the share of companies remains at 2-5%, and the rate of increase remains high.
The software industry faces a combination of cloudization and nationalization opportunities. Based on model characteristics, corporate investments are shaped by industry logic.
The former is a major trend in the global software industry, from foreign certification to domestic flowering. The latter opens up an exclusive window for domestic firms - basic software - even in high-end erp areas, where 60% of overseas products are taken over by countries with chemical, life sciences, etc.
The opening of China’s domesticization of the industrial chain marks the opening of the ceiling. The cloud turning point is fully realized, and the next round of medium- and long-term high growth is on track. By 2016, the cloud’s share of income was about 14%, at the tip of the curve.
Industry representation decreased; manufacturing was less favourable than expected.
Computers: Computer applications, Yang Si-hee. Understanding friends is understanding the Chinese software industry.
The Friends Network Science and Technology Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “friend network”, “friendship” or “companies”) was established in 1988 as one of China's first providers of business management software, listed in May 2001 for 31 years in the field of service enterprise software. This has led to a new strategic layout centred on the use of friends and clouds, cloud services, software, and the integration of financial services.
In general, the subsidiary structure is better aligned with the client base, the downstream industry, and local molecular companies handle regional operations.
Early in the company (phase 1.0) was a software manufacturer focused on the financial field, and we focused on phases 2.0 and 3.0 as the company’s flagship development analysis of business management software. On a scale of almost 20 years from 2001 to 2018, the company’s annual revenue grew from 300 million to 7.7 billion, so what happened to the Chinese software industry during the same period?
Figure 4 shows that the size of China’s software market has increased from 75 billion yuan in 2001 to 5,510.3 billion yuan in 2017. A comparison of the income growth rate of friends with that of the industry as a whole, as shown in figure 5, shows that the level of growth has remained essentially the same, except for the period 2012-2015.
The maturity period is much earlier than that of the Chinese software industry - with the full development of the software industry since 2000, the rate of informatization penetration in other areas has been rapidly aligned with the earlier mature markets, such as finance, business management, etc. A statistical comparison of the industrial applications software products, as shown in figure 6 (the comparable range of data is 2008-2016), can be seen.
It may be noted that, in figure 4, companies have two periods below the rate of industry growth: down to about 0.23%. Industry’s rapid growth is driven by multiple factors: first, the shift from State encouragement to policy effectiveness in software development.
Second, the growth in vertically related areas has increased significantly. For example, the Chinese Association of Software Industry (CCS) data show that software services grew by 40% and integration by 26% in January-July 2006, while products grew by 23%; software outsourcing grew by 45% in 2005. Third, overseas software manufacturers have been actively laid out, for example, in Oracle, Bea, Sap, and others in 2005.
More than a dozen M&As and Microsoft's introduction of 48.2 million stock-flow software curves into the main domestic software. We will discuss the details below.
Sustained and rapid growth (as shown in the dotted line in the figure) has been maintained.
Growth, good because of the company’s relatively strong capacity to manage its business, did not result in a significant decline in net profits except in 2015. The main reason for this period’s income-side pressures is the macro-level pressure passed on to the business management software manufacturer, and the profit-side pressure is mainly the effect of high R & D inputs in the context of the transformation of the product and business model.
As can be seen from China’s gdp acceleration data, the 2012 value fell from nine words to seven, with a more pronounced leap. Indeed, macroeconomic factors have had an impact on the erp industry as a whole over the years. As figure 10 shows, several major domestic erp listings have experienced a slowdown or even a drop in income at this stage.
Interestingly, from its micro-view, users in 2012-2015 went through a process of goodbyeing 2.0 and childbearing 3.0. In 2012, business restructuring and macroeconomic slowdown were the main reasons for performance pressure.
The slowdown in macroeconomic growth has led to a reduction in the number of contracts for large and medium-sized clients, but the increase in the amount (high-end client contract stock has increased significantly) and the growth of small brand new clients has slowed the increase in the repurchase of older clients. The quality of the contracts has been enhanced, bringing the pre-receipt +38% to 530 million. This year was characterized by the addition of the docks market and the consolidation of the base plate.
In 2013, a 21 per cent increase in non-net profit was achieved by controlling the cost side with a small increase in income, but the third version was maintained; u8 was upgraded to u8+ (software plus clouds); the number of large client contracts was reduced, with single product increases; and the share of direct sales was reduced. This year was characterized by tight belts in uncertain futures.
▪ The growth in R&D spending slowed to 5% in 2014, but the share of revenue is still rising. Strong efforts have been made to develop enterprise Internet operations (the predecessor of cloud operations), divided into software plus enterprise Internet services plus Internet finance. Equal numbers of employees, fewer traditional software staff, 100 more Internet finance and 200 more enterprise Internet.
This year was marked by the emergence of a new direction of development (a broad framework that has been maintained to date).
In 2015, income rose by 2 per cent, net profits fell by 41 per cent, and net profits fell by 80 per cent. On the one hand, the best part was to keep the Māori investment in R & D, especially in Internet services and finance-related operations identified in 2014, which accounted for 90 per cent of the total R & D investment in that year and was reflected in the statement as a 27 per cent increase in management costs.
A 6% decline is also a reason to swallow profits, and this year is, of course, the beginning of a comprehensive transition. This is actually a year of turning point, characterized by the effects of the throes concentrated at the end. 2016-2018: Breaking the 5 billion threshold and opening the "Observant 3.0" era with clouds.
Companies are sensitive to changes in the industry and prepare for transformation before performance is pressured. We believe that the most important thing about transformation is that it is in the right direction and sustained investment. The right direction can only be answered in time, but companies have not relaxed in terms of sustained investment. Starting with data on R & D expenditure as a percentage of income in 2012, this indicator has remained above 15%, up to 21% (e.g., figure 12).
For example, in 2018, R & D expenditure was 1.48 billion yuan, the incentives in the Schenwan Computer Group 5 and in the Software Year increased the attractiveness of people in transition, the continuous incentives in 2017-2019 shared the fruits of development and staff, and maintained the team.
At the 2016 Chinese Business Internet Congress, held in the same period, friends focused on nearly 10 cloud service lines for the first time. We have developed the company's three main lines of business, as shown in figure 15.
Figure 15. Corporate software + cloud + finance’s business layout and typical product – 5 billion integer sums – believe that the company “has suffered for 5 billion years” and finally made a breakthrough in 2016, followed by the next two years.
From about 5 to 2% of the revenues of the software industry, there is naturally a dynamic market for software outside of the enterprise software sector, but friends keep up the same speed of the industry with 20 years of both phases and 20% of the compound growth, becoming the Chinese software industry.
Long and complex growth rates exceed 71%, returning to the path of high growth. So, how long can the 3.0-year-old friends continue to grow at the same rate? We try to be simple, combining cloud and nationalized industrial opportunities and their own roles.
By diagnosing the representative character of the user, the main investment thread became evident: the logic of growth in the software industry was corporate, while the Chinese software industry was facing two historical opportunities, namely cloud and national production. But the market also wondered whether the use of the friend had changed as a result of the cloud-calculating era.
Is it worth it now? Is it expensive? How long can a friend hold it? So, we want to think about the business opportunities while discussing who's accomplished with a friend and a cloud. It helps to understand the company's tracking methods above the investment main line — if a cloud achieves a friend, then the company's chances are more focused on the cloud computing segment; if a friend achieves a friend, it should look at the wider software.
Our view is that the latter is not that cloud computing creates the value of friends, but that the software industry is experiencing cloud computing trends that, after 30% of its traditional market share, are in time to become a new driver of growth. Software-business Internet-coated services: following the industry’s pulse.
Recovering high growth with the "Yo" phase 3.0 is not a cloud service: cloud revenues grew by 108% in 2018, and by 115% at 2019h1, which is much more visible than the increase in the number of places that traditional software also starves. We sorted out how companies calculate in the cloud from 2011 to the present, looking back at the evolution of their services from software to Internet service to cloud service.
As can be seen from figure 17, companies were still at the cloud interest and touch stage until 2011; gradually reaching influential products started in 2012-2013; and in 2014, the strategy was formally positioned on the “business Internet” scene (i.e. software, cloud computing and finance three years to date, cloud operations are well established, and major advances are reflected in the fine-tuning and performance-scale growth of a range of products.
So, how does the Saas industry and companies develop? What is the position of friends in the Saas transition? We have also sorted out some of the Laas and Saas milestones (e.g., figure 18) and excerpts of the road map for the transformation of domestic software firms into Saas (e.g., figure 19).
In 2010-2011, companies such as Amigo, Golden Fluttershy and others began to plan and publish the cloud strategy. We believe that the cloud strategy that was released at this time should be a pilot exploration, primarily a passive follow-up to foreign saas.
One of the worst fears of the industry is that it will be back in the old days, and it will be phased out in the new cycle. The layout of friends in the clouds is largely in the position of following abroad, leading the country.
In the area of cloudp+, the cloud is a legacy of the power of software products, and if friends alone are the leaders of the industry, they ignore the basis and the continuity of their production power as the industry’s cloud tends to rise and fall.
On the top, a closer look at chart 19 shows that the same thing as starting with micro-enterprises, where friends will be turning nc by 2015, and the Golden Fluttershy, which will be launched in 2018, is a series of medium-sized corporate products. This means that, after the test period leading up to 2015, there is a difference between the two sides, and friends are pushing cloud products to large and medium-sized areas earlier. There is reason to believe that this choice is being made by companies in large and medium-sized business markets.
The traditional advantage of the field is dominated. So, the cloud-based layout is both following industry trends and exploring paths appropriate to its own characteristics.
In a specific area of the block (e.g. marketing, synergy, manpower, etc.), industry clouds are solutions for specific industries, such as industry, and ioap is an integrated support platform for cloud-oriented R & D. In addition, the cloud of friends can be divided into saas (software, services) and paas (platform, services), and daas (data, services)
& baas (operations, services, etc.). Of these, saas are application clouds on the uppermost layers (e.g., crm, hhm), and Paas are flat clouds on the middle layers (e.g., iuap), daas and baas are components of cloud solutions focused on data and operations.
Why transform the original product lines separately to the corresponding cloud lines? Is this "new bottled old wine"? Is it possible to serve all enterprises with a purely standard, consistent saas product? Obviously, this is ideal, but it is not feasible at this time.
2. Medium-sized enterprises; (3) small emblem enterprises. The demand for management software varies according to the size of the client. Three groups are supported by nc series, u8 series and fast-forward series software in the distribution of the erp product. The operations of large and medium-sized enterprises and small enterprises differ per se. Figure 22 lists the enterprises of each size as revised by the National Statistical Office in 2017.
In the industrial sector, for example, there are 1,000 people, more than 400 million large enterprises and 300 million small enterprises, and less than 20 million small enterprises, which necessarily reflect differences in structure, process, resources, etc. Such differences eventually map differences in the complexity of the information system.
Large firms are more demanding for expansion, stability, customization, and small businesses are more demanding for convenience, ease of use, and value for money. Figure 23. Business-level saas customer structures naturally include differences in demand, as reported in industry reports from Ire and others, which indicate that the needs of firms of different sizes in the saas field remain so.
The conversion of integrated software to cloud software has increased standardization, but there is still a need to provide different bottom structures depending on the characteristics of different clients. Of course, cloudp does not simply run the erp on a cloud platform, but rather needs to deconstruct it from the perspective of saas, paas, etc., so that it can naturally support public, private and mixed cloud infrastructure from the bottom.
The demand for inputs is large, and large, high-end saas products are technologically protected by rivers. There are free and fee-paying users compared to traditional software.
The typical situation is that micro-enterprises have a lower capacity to pay and a lower willingness to pay, while the company itself has a shorter life span, and the long-tail effect of paying saas is yet to be seen. So, while the number of cloud-serving customers disclosed in the friendly annual financial statements has grown (generally above the rate of income growth), it is still in the middle.
For example, the report in 2019h1 shows that medium- and large-scale firms have a total income of $430 million (+112%), while MSMEs have a total income of $45.27 million (+142%), which is only one-ten percent of the former. The same is true for gold butterflies in the same industry: Venus and Clouds, both of which serve large and medium-sized enterprises, achieved $610 million in 2018 (+54%) without taking into account a new push in 2018.
From the point of view of Saas, which was originally designed to cover the market with standardized products, the result is not to say that the cloud is made of friends, or friends, but rather that friends absorb the merit of the cloud to find a chance to reboot their engine of performance. Specifically,
Clouds may not change the client and income structure, but they can further enhance product power by reducing company R & D costs through ease of maintenance, rapid functionality rotation and modularization. On the other hand, they dilute the boundaries between the Internet and the software industry, and the user-friend generation in the software industry has become one of the attributes of the user-friendship industry.
Using the success of Tomoyun as the basis for production power has been a rapid development in recent years, gathering advantages in market competition. According to the annual report on the Chinese cloud computing market, 2017-2018, published by Sadie’s consultant, Yuyun was the first country in China in 2017. Let’s see what concrete opportunities there are in the cloud field.
In the area of saas, competitors mainly have two main backgrounds: software providers and Internet providers. The former have a moat at the business and customer levels, and the latter have an impact in terms of talent and technology. In the case of self-research products, Internet giants generally cut through the erp periphery, including oa, collusion, documentation, and even payment, and touch less directly core erp products.
According to data from the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the market in China’s Saas market has risen to 40–120% of its living units since 2015, and this has led to an outbreak of growth. The data for 2017–2018 from the enterprise-level saas study by the Agency’s consultant are basically the same as the Institute’s data for the years 2017–2018.
The annual and 2019h1 non-financial cloud services income grew by 34 per cent, 250 per cent, 108 per cent and 115 per cent, respectively. Moreover, the 2019h1 cloud forecast, in the area of disaggregation, firstly, the penetration rate of Saas downstream is not very high, with better industries such as manufacturing, finance, electronic commerce, Internet services, software development, etc., having a penetration rate of around 10 per cent (see figure 30).
Thus, the opportunity for companies in the cloud area lies in the high growth of the Saas market, the space for increased penetration, and the advantage in competition. Nationalization is a major opportunity for domestic top-level software providers, which is a new opportunity compared to traditional software, cloud software, and a new opportunity relative to cloud software, national production.
At this stage, in a technology ban environment such as the US, real advances in technology’s national production have been initiated. And the software sector is largely able to achieve more pure, autonomous R&D, and thus has a better chance of fast-tracking old patterns in the industrial chain.
In the traditional erp era, Chinese firms lag behind overseas firms, which is linked to traditional industrial manufacturing informatizations originating abroad (such as Siemens, Bosch, etc.) and growing up with foreign erp companies (typically saps, oracles). In industrial times, the Chinese and foreign software producers are almost on the same line.
According to panorama, the erp companies leading the global market in 2017 were sap (20.3%), oracle (13.9%), Microsoft (9.4%) and infor (7.4%) (figure 31). Sap's own data also show that in 2017 it had a high share of industry in the world's 500 largest corporations, with higher technology, life sciences, chemicals, automobiles, consumer goods, etc.
Over 90%, or even 100% (figure 32). Overseas erp taps, with pre-issued product advantages, are also gaining a large share of the country’s high-end customer market.
Although they account for only 14% and 6% (second and sixth), they account for 33% and 20% of high-end markets. Figure 33. Overall and high-end erp market patterns in China, as a result of sap, oracle, which basically serves only high-end markets, can be inferred to account for 30-42% of the total.
Oracle, Microsoft, infor, and so on, together account for 64% of this market. The equivalent of nearly 180% of the flexible space available to national producers in the high-end erp market; and, in the overall erp market, about 20-30% of the elastic space.
On July 23, 2019, China launched the China-China Plan for Industrial Development, which used friends as strategic partners for the first enterprises to apply the strategy, and the President said that he had completed the preparation of products and infrastructure such as nccloud, a++;
On 1 September, the signing of a cooperation agreement between friends and China to build a national product solution based on the friendly company cloud service and China's gaussdb database was one of the important developments in the construction of the ecology of the industry; on 18 September, the fourth session of the All-China Conference was held with the honour of “The Best Practices Partnership for Cooperation in Life” and “The Best Practices Partner for Cooperation in the Cloud Ecology” and a joint release of an intelligent financial solution.
Figure 34. nccloud analyzes the two main opportunities of cloud and nationalization, using a 20% compound rate of growth as a criterion for how long it's been for friends to continue to grow at a high rate again.
(2) Friends are industry leaders, cloud revenues have continued to double over the last three years, and penetration rates have failed to reach the ceiling (850 million won in 2018). More potential: the expansion of industry, finance and copy maps.
The former is deep-deep in the vertical field, and if the industrial Internet obscures the boundaries between the software industry and the Internet, the industrial Internet can help to further break the physical network; the latter is a horizontal front, not just the realization of customer resources, but also the laying of services exports at the door of the c-end market.
The emergence of industrial Internet platforms is driven mainly by industrial trends such as smart manufacturing, industry 4.0 and upgrading industrial manufacturing intelligence through cloud technology, material networking technology, big data technology, artificial intelligence technology, etc.
At the national level, policies have led to a series of policy measures to promote industrial Internet access. For example, in January 2017, Shanghai launched the Shanghai Three-Year Action Plan for Industrial Innovative Internet Development in Shanghai (2017-2019).
In 2019, Shanghai City's Industrial Cloud Networking Ecosystem was set up initially to become a model city for innovation in industrial cloud networking at the national level. In March of the same year, Shanghai City's Information and Communication Commission and the Treasury Department jointly issued the Regulations for the Implementation of Special Support for Industrial Innovative Development in Shanghai City, specifying the level of financial support. In March 2018, Guangdong Province launched Guangdong Province's Deepening “Internet + Advanced Manufacturing” for industrial development.
The Internet Implementation Programme and the Guangdong Department's Support for Enterprises on the Upper Clouds Platform have been the first provinces to introduce an industrial Internet support policy since the launch of the Internet+Advanced Manufacturing Development Industry Internet Implementation Programme in November 2017. Jiangsu, Shandong, Hunan, Hubei, Guizhou, Niemon, etc.
The industrial network has evolved from a strategic approach to work planning to a market of hundreds of billions.
By 2017, the market for applianced software and applications was 140 billion yuan. Using friends as smart industry Internet, it developed into a first-tier player. In August 2017, friends were high at China’s Business Internet Congress.
The Summit hosted the launch of the "Ingenuity" friendly industry Internet platform. In 2018, the "Industry Internet Enterprise" was created specifically for friends, and became one of the "Friends for the Future" core business. The company believes that the "Friends for the Future" platform is backed by a strong friend, with a complete systemized Paas cloud platform iuap, a rich industrial enterprise application service, a strong application design development capability, Pon.
Large manufacturing client groups, long-term industrial applications and experience build up, and have unique advantages in service supply chain finance. Given the company’s advantages, mainly in the area of itt, the hardware and ot shortboards needed for the industrial Internet need to be supplemented by ecological partners.
Figure 40. Four broad categories of eco-partners using a friendly intelligence 36 kryptonite news show that 440,000 industrial enterprises were connected to the Internet in 2018, with more than 1,300 big industrial enterprises on the line, covering more than 20 industries, 120 globally deployed marketing services, and more than 600 ecological partners.
At the same time, the company's annual report shows that, with the participation of friends in 2018, seven local government-led industrial Internet platforms were built, covering 18 provincial “Industrial Internet Networks and Corporate Clouds” service providers' resource pools; the smart industry Internet platform was selected for the Industrial Internet Testing Platform of the Ministry of Industry and Communications.
The Guizhou Industrial Clouds (a two-way platform at the national level) platform, which is responsible for building it, has been rated as the state's state-of-the-art industrial Internet excellence of 2018: from b to c., financial services have been the focus of business services and are relatively more standardized areas, thus beyond the licensing threshold.
We believe that the AMIB and the China-Komura Bank are two niches. The Internet-based IFS is preceded by Internet finance, and the interface between the capital and demand sides is a stage in which demand is evident and the industry is moving from disorderly to good.
(1) Opportunities: Use of end-of-cycle and front-line financial operations, end-of-life data, algorithms and business service technologies, and customer advantage. Past profits have been fully validated for feasibility and ability (e.g., the platform ' s cumulative portfolio of investments in 2017) advantages: payments, Internet investment finance services (involving funds custody, etc.) are scarce, and in customer resources (flows)
There is a need for historical accumulation, as well as technical thresholds to safeguard business indicators (e.g. success rates, bad debt rates, etc.). These are the competitive advantages of companies as champions. (3) The current situation: regulatory regulation of the industry, firm compliance with policy regulations requires steady development, and control of the quality of business;
It is the first private bank in Beijing, with a registered capital of 4 billion dollars. It is based on “three innovations” (i.e. creators, creative, innovative enterprises) and focused on science and technology finance. Friends are one of the main initiators — obviously, nothing is more important than the opening of a bank as a sign of entry into the financial sector, not to mention a differentiated bank.
On 17 November 2016, 11 listed companies, such as the Friends Network and Bei Water, jointly launched the establishment of the Beijing China Village Bank.
On July 16, 2018, the Bank of China-Kiwan issued the “Scene Wisdom Financial Products” to provide online supply chain finance, online scenario finance, online outreach finance and inclusive finance services for entrepreneurs and business teams in the residential, travelling, educational and other areas of life.
Figure 43. China-Komura Bank Panorama Smart Financial Innovation Services Program Figure 44. China-Komura Bank Co-Saving Co. Ltd. offers three sets of business start-up packages. China-Komura Bank Co. Ltd. has launched a related business start-up package, which, in terms of the content of the service, allows listing companies such as Spacemark Information.
It is also more likely that support for services such as corporate taxes, based on the business background of the bank’s sponsors, will be provided by a network of friends.
We have projected the growth of the company over the next few years according to the distribution of products from software, clouds and finance, as shown in figure 46.1 The projections are based on the following main assumptions:1 Software revenue has remained steadily growing, but with the growth of cloud income as a percentage of the increase, the rate of growth of software income has decreased; the level of Maori is referred to.
(b) 2 - Cloud revenues are split according to saas, paas, daas, baas, etc., with a higher overall rate of growth; with a higher rate of growth in saas, which will be driven by a higher share of the Biti, while the growth in product maturity and lower maintenance costs will also contribute to the Māori rate overall.
(b) Financial revenues fluctuate with the growth of active control over the volume of Internet-financed information businesses and payments;
Also, the split caliber is based mainly on the analytical logic of the full text and is used for subsequent valuation analysis, but it is somewhat different from the company's annual report. Historical data differ from the company's calibre in the range of about 4-12%, and is within acceptable range.
In the area of enterprise management and informationization, the sector valuation method is used, i.e., the pe valuation method for traditional software returns, the ps valuation method for cloud operations revenue; and the market space valuation method for industrial Internet, financial science and technology. In addition, the respective years of revenue (1) are net returns on software: cloud operations are at the stage of R & D inputs and rapid expansion, are not expected to be profitable by industry characteristics, and corporate consolidation is not expected to be profitable.
At the same time, as can be seen from figure 48, the overall pe valuation level of the Software Industry Index (882513.wi) belonging to the Friends Network is in (2) saas valuation level: taking into account the income of some domestic saas companies from Central African saas software as a percentage of revenue and lack of public data,
As shown in figure 49, typical saas firms averaged about 14 times more per cent, considering using a friendly cloud service at a much higher rate of revenue than the target company, and we believe that they can be valued conservatively at an average ps multiplier. (3) Financial aspects, e-payments, Internet access to finance services, respectively, for comparable companies, are valued at about 2019 as a ratio of income, respectively.
Multipb valuations, calculated as 29.8% of a friend ' s shareholdings, were valued at approximately 1.4 billion; Yuta's value was valued at 100 million at the time of the acquisition; and conservative estimates of these assets were estimated at 1.5-2 billion.According to the above analysis, it can be seen that corporate cloud income valuation levels are rapidly digested, and traditional software valuation levels are largely maintained but still below.
Overall level 2001-2018 (see graphs 3 and 51).1 Industry representation is reduced. Friends are used as leaders in business management software, with about 30% of the industry and a sufficient representation. At the same time, with the full recognition of the market value of Tob, companies such as Internet giants are working to break through the b end market and enterprise software is in the whole software business.
As a result, friends can be seen as the poles of China’s software industry, benefiting from the trend of cloudization and national production substitution. But there may be risks of changes in competition patterns, adverse market openings at the top, and a decline in the share of industry’s income, leading to a decline in corporate representation,2 and a lower-than-expected manufacturing landscape.
Focused manufacturing, such as erp, will also have lower levels of investment in it if growth is weak. If demand pressures persist, companies may run the risk of less than expected growth in current performance.