The product power continues to rise, breaking through mega-business markets quickly, using the Friends Network (600588.sh) – Focus Cloud Transformation Strategy, continuously increasing inputs and maintaining the “buy-in” rating
Considering the continued growth in corporate R & D and market inputs, we have revised down the company ' s forecast of net return profits for 2022-2024. The historic opportunity to produce, internationalize and add up is expected to accelerate growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
In the first half of 2021, investment returns were generated by the processing of the assets associated with smooth and easy payments, which did not occur in the first half of the year; on the other hand, there was some impact on current performance as companies increased their R & D inputs. In the first half of the year, the gross corporate interest rate was 56.85%, a slight decrease of 0.3 percentage points. The sales and management rates fell, respectively.
• In place of the flag of high national production, a rapid breakthrough at the super-large customer end of the product, the company has released a new product of business travel and fee-control services, helping large and medium-sized enterprises to achieve easy-to-trade, smart-fee control, and the launch of a friend-to-bip global treasury to help the country build a world-class treasury system.
At the end of the day, the company achieved an increase of 61 per cent in the same year in the value of more than 10 million projects, and successfully signed 10 joint projects at the corporate level, such as China Connect, China Ship Group, China Warfare, China Wide Power, China Mobile, etc., as well as several nationalization projects, such as the China Bank and the Chinese Bank, which cumulatively contracted over 350 national production alternatives.
● u9c, yonsuite clients have a high level of recognition, and medium-sized enterprises have experienced rapid growth in their operations.
yonsuite, u9cloud, u8cloud, and the structure of product competitiveness in medium-sized enterprise markets.
Prominent long-term development confidence — corporate information updates, well-known enterprises such as sesame smart technology, Quintao Power electronics, etc.