Use of Friends Network (600588) Computers, high growth in cloud operations, strong client advantage, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: the company issued its semi-annual performance report for 2022, which generated operating income of $3.54 billion, an increase of 11.3 per cent over the same period; the parent ' s net profit loss of $260 million, a decrease of 218.9 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the company ' s increased R & D investment q2 performance and high growth in cloud operations.
Growth of 15.0 per cent; net return of 140 million yuan, a 39.7 per cent decline in the same year; net profit of 160 million yuan, a 20.9 per cent increase in the same year in the realization of deductions; and corporate growth of 3.51 billion yuan, a 19.0 per cent increase in the volume of traditional software operations, in order to overcome the impact of the epidemic, and to expand significantly beyond the powerful regions.
At the end of the reporting period, there were 66,000 new customers paying for cloud services from companies, and the cumulative fee for cloud services amounted to 50.5 and 57.5 per cent. The key indicators for cloud services were high-speed growth, laying the foundation for the continued recognition of subsequent revenues.
The digital transformation of the company and the replacement of national production have led to a major breakthrough, with revenues from cloud operations increasing by 47.1% to 1.56 billion yuan on the same date, with a 99.0% renewal rate for core products. Overall, the company has successfully signed 10 joint projects at the level of China Connect, China Ship Group, China Warfare, etc., with an increase of millions of dollars in the same amount.
At the same time, more than 350 companies, such as the Bank of China, the Bank of China, the Bank of China, and the Human Security Group, have been replaced by national production, leading the industry. In terms of vertical segmentation, companies are steadily moving forward in such sectors as telecommunications, electricity, finance, tobacco, etc., and have successfully signed many contracts as China Telecom, China Wide Power, and China Tobacco General.
Industry headline clients, the pole effect continues to be visible, and vertical penetration is expected to accelerate. 2) Medium-sized customer markets: cloud operations generate $250 million, an increase of 132.7 per cent over the same period, core products continue at a rate of 82.4 per cent, and new u9cloud is introduced to target niches, yonsuite is continuously updated and the product is refined.
During the reporting period, corporate R & D inputs increased by 38.1% to 1.32 billion yuan, while R & D costs reached 27.4% and higher by 3.96 pp.
In addition, the company will officially release version yombipv3 at the end of August, further upgrading the platform architecture and continuously widening the coverage of solutions.
In this area, plans are under way to fully replace the nccloud product line to meet the multi-layered intellectual transformation of large enterprises, which is expected to be followed by the accelerated commercialization of companies through their continued and enhanced marketing, delivery and ecological capabilities, thereby entrenching and upgrading their dominance in the markets of large enterprise customers.
The company took advantage of the opportunities of intellectualization and nationalization of business creation, and the cloud transformation has made a breakthrough, accompanied by the signpost, the cloud business has made a turning breakthrough (2022-03-23) project, the fists continue to multiply, and the company's dominance in large corporate markets has intensified.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.