Clouds and Softs maintain good growth, focussing on strong products \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The impact of the epidemic, combined with strong research and development inputs, has led to short-term pressure on the reported profits.
Billion dollars; in terms of non-profit deductions, 22h1 is expected to have a median non-profit value of $205 million, compared to -081 million during the same period last year. We believe that the recognition of the impact of the epidemic and the continued high intensity of investment at the research and development end are the main reasons for the decline in corporate profits, and at the research and development level, the company expects that the cost of R & D will increase in the first half of 2022.
Over 30 per cent of research assistants continue to perform key tasks of “strong products” to enhance platforms, core applications and s0100120090026 of cloud service products
Eco-integration capacity. The mismatch between short-term income growth and cost increases leads to a substantial decline in reporting profits among companies, but the company is currently in a critical phase of cloud transformation, with high speeds in core products such as yonbip, yonsuite, and a more objective short-term perspective in terms of the speed of harvests, the speed of cloud operations, and the impact of new product extension.
The affiliates launch medium-term performance alerts simultaneously and fast, and the Saas transition has been very effective.
2. The Friends Network (600588.sh) 2022 Quarterly Review: The expansion is accelerating, the profitability of companies is recovering and the impact of the cloud transformation is evident.
The epidemic is so resilient that it focuses on the promotion of heavy cloud products \triangleright 3. Use of Friends Network (600588), 2021: Focus
High-quality cloud transformation, with a digital economic dividend of 6/5/4 times greater. Friends are the leaders of our erp software saas, and the current ps multipliers are significantly underestimated. As cloud transformation gains gradually emerge, the company’s valuation is expected to be repaired and a “recommended” rating maintained.
4. An event review using Friends Network (600588): set ground, \triangleright to launch a new chapter on digital transformation - 2022/01/25
The development and promotion of the heavy-pound product yombip is not progressing as expected. 5. Use of Friends Network (600599), a few reviews: Friends Network: Digital China’s Pioneer - 2022/01/12
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.