A little over-expected for the next half of the year, new items worth the rest of the year.
SWAT announced a 70% increase in subscriptions, and this year the company will significantly increase the share of public cloud subscription sales for large-scale households, with a more marginal shift in the income structure under subscriptions, reflecting the company’s success in moving forward with the income structure transformation.
However, as a result of the gradual expansion and practice of online contracting, delivery and so on, delays in contracting have decreased, and orders have shown a clear warming trend, resulting in good corporate income growth in the first half of the year, slightly exceeding market expectations, and we expect performance targets to remain unchanged throughout the year.
2022q2 non-net profits are growing at a significant rate, and it is expected to reach the profit point next year. Companies expect to increase the pace of product rotation and transform from profitability, and this year they plan to continue to increase their investment in R & D, increasing R & D costs by more than 30% in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis.
The company expects all the inputs to be close to natural growth next year, and the profits are expected to grow faster than the recovery rate and reach the profit point. The demand for new products is strong, and the market share of the company continues to rise.
The products, and the new financial products of transactional transactions, have received high market attention and expectations, and there are a lot of them now in The Users Network (600588), in 2022, when customer business has been digitized, but the financial product structure has aged and does not really make I a financial asset.
Physicalization, business digitalization stimulates the evolution of financial software, generating demand for holocracy. Quarterly ratings: q1 epidemic has a low impact, year-round high expectations for this type of product, such as transactional transactions, which provides a strong basis for the competitiveness of end-of-life products.
Performance targets remain the same [in error version] as guaranteed. The direction of building the country’s enterprises is now focused on finance, and the financial products of completely new structures, such as transactional transactions, issued by companies on the basis of yonbip, are in the process of interaction and validation.
We believe that the new product is expected to increase the competitiveness of companies in the context of the trend towards erp national production and the company Friends Network (600588), which is expected to increase further in 2022 as a share of the market for Chinese corporate clients.
Quarterly review: o1 epidemic with low impact, strategic opportunities to increase national production in the international context, and companies, with the advantage of large clients, will continue to use Friends Network (600588): subscriptions
Keeping up the growth momentum that has been generated to achieve a high rate of growth in the public cloud services business of SMEs, which has already borne fruit, and the process of nationalization, which we see in the development and performance of the Yonbip platform, which is carrying a friend's “platform” + “ecological” strategy.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has a portfolio investment advisory.