A friend network (600588.sh) is reported in its semi-annual report for 2022.
A robust growth in operating income and a good growth in cloud services a Circulation Unit (millions of shares): $3.511 billion in revenue for services and software operations, 19.0 per cent more than in the same year; and revenue for financial services.
In the amount of $2.581 million, a decrease of 88.6 per cent over the same period, cloud services account for a high level of revenue from cloud services and software operations, with 6,62 million new cloud services paying clients and 50,450,000 cumulative cloud services paying clients. The net return is influenced by such factors as the cost of research and development and a strong investment in laying the foundation for future growth.
During the first half of the year, the net profit from the return was -256 million yuan, and the same loss was mainly due to the impact of the investment gains from the disposal of the shares of affiliates like Beijing Express Limited during the same period last year. The net profit from the deduction of the non-repatriation is -206 million yuan, mainly due to the company’s continued and increased investment in research and development and the implementation of the key tasks of “strong products.”
Building platforms, core applications and ecological integration capabilities for cloud services. In the first half of the year, corporate research and development was invested in the 2021 report of the research-friends network (600588.sh): accelerating cloud transformation and strong growth in cloud services.
While inputs have some impact on current profit performance, and R & D inputs have a certain lag in releasing performance, they are strategic inputs from firms that provide a solid basis for future growth in corporate performance. Strengthening the market position of large, mega-enterprises and increasing market penetration by medium-sized enterprises
(a) In the large corporate customer market, companies continue to capture the intellectualization and nationalization of credit creation.
2) In the medium-sized enterprise customer market, the company has continued to accelerate the cloud transformation, with a strategic increase in the company's public subscription to the cloud business, resulting in a revenue of $501 million in cloud services and software business, an increase of 34.8 per cent over the same period.
3) In the MSMEs customer market, a company-controlled subsidiary continues to focus on the two main areas of smart taxes and intelligence industries, achieving $338 million in revenues from cloud services and software business, a 55.7 per cent increase. Companies have been working for years in traditional business management software and have a strong position in the industry; cloud services are a strategic developer.
The company's risk of a new coronary pneumonia epidemic recurring over the last three years; the cloud transformation is not moving as fast as expected; and the development and promotion of new products is proceeding at a slower pace than anticipated.
Period: Brain drain risk: more manufacturers enter the corporate cloud services market, and industry competition increases the risk. Figure 1: Users of Ps-band over the last three years with Ps-band authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent, professional attitude and independence and objectivity
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.