Mid-2022: Revenue meets expectations, transactional accounting assistant Xiao Gao incident: semi-annual report 2022 with friends, 2022h1 cloud + software revenue of $3.54 billion.
11.3 per cent of the year; withholding of the sum to the parent - $210 million, which meets market expectations.  Income increases are expected, and cloud shifts are followed by city. +35.4 billion operating income was realized by H1 in 2022, of which Cloud+Soft generated $3.51 billion, compared to +19 per cent, and cloud services were achieved.
With the smooth transformation of the company’s cloud business, the company’s contractual liability was $2.32 billion, of which cloud H1’s net profit fell on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of a one-time transfer of equity investment gains during the same period last year, with no similar returns this year, while research and development inputs continued to grow and inputs were made at a certain point in time.
In 2022, H1 achieved $3.2 billion in revenues from cloud services and software operations for large, medium and micro-enterprise customers, a 24.6 per cent increase in the same year.
Revenue is 178 million yuan (+77.3% of the same year). Large client companies have registered an increase of 61% in the amount of more than 10 million projects contracted in the same year, and have successfully signed 10 joint projects at the corporate level, with a cumulative increase of over 350 national projects signed in the first half of the year.
High-speed growth, u9clud continues to break through highly specialized and important clients. Meanwhile, companies use online contracts, deliveries, etc., during the epidemic to reduce delays, orders show clear results in R & D inputs, demand for new products, and the company is expected to make a profit run next year.
Performance is slightly higher than expected, and new products in the second half of the year are worth investing in guaranteed product R & D progress, and the current high interest and expectation of new financial products in corporate accounting is expected to be the focus of the next half of the year ' s increase in revenue.
Quick, transforming the company from profitability, and this year the company plans to continue to increase its investment in research and development, with some impact on the profit end. The company expects all personnel to invest in next year.
It will be close to the level of natural growth, and profits are expected to grow faster than harvests, reaching profit-crowding points. Performance targets remain unchanged.
Quarterly review: the impact of the q1 epidemic is small, the year-round development and performance of the Friends Platform + Eco strategy, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.