Cloud+ Software maintained good growth, new version of bip3 released \triangleright \triangleright 31/08/2022
\triangleright cloud services generated 2,299 million yuan, an increase of 52.6% over the previous year, and continued to grow well under the pressure of the epidemic. The cloud-related contract liability was 1.76 billion yuan, an increase of 41.4% over the end of last year.
Departures, software-to-clouds strategies are advancing steadily, while at the same time achieving a good increase in income against the pressure of the second quarter of the epidemic, large firms are growing resiliently, and small and medium-sized enterprises are doing well. In terms of the structure of the company's income in the first half of the year, large \triangleright
Business clouds generated 1,561 million yuan, an increase of 47.1 per cent in the same year; medium-sized enterprises earned 246 million yuan, an increase of 132.7 per cent in the same year; small-scale enterprises generated 338 million yuan in software, and their small- and medium-sized enterprises saas subscription income was equal to that of their research assistant, Tin Jinjian.
This represents an increase of 77.3 per cent in the number of large enterprises, which in the first half of the year contracted more than 10 million projects to lay the foundation for the growth of the company’s cloud business. The average growth rate for medium-sized enterprises’ cloud services was 132.7 per cent, and the rate of renewal was 82.4 per cent, benefiting from three arrows: yonsuite, u9cloud, u8cloud, and the market for medium-sized enterprises.
The company’s profits in the first half of the year were clearly under pressure, and the end-of-life network (600588.sh) reported a performance forecast in 2022.
\triangleright comment: Clouds and Soft keep up good growth, focussing on the fact that net profits and net profits are down to a certain degree compared to the same period last year.
At the R & D level, the focus remains on both product R & D and implementation delivery. At the R & D level, the Friends Network (600588.sh) event rating: Equity Stimulus, which increased R & D costs by 30.1% in the first half of 2022, continues to perform the key tasks of "good products."
Incentives to bind core talent, catch on to the digitalization wave, and strengthen the platform, core applications, and ecological integration of cloud services. From this perspective, the corporate cloud transition continues to be a positive growth trend, and the next half of the year plans to release a heavy-pound product, yonbipv3, will further strengthen the public.
3. A friend network (600588.sh) reports a review of 2022: the Division has an advantage in large-scale enterprises, and expects that yombipv3 will drive the growth of company cloud operations at a high rate.
2022/04/30 \triangleright 4. Friends Network (600588) 2021: Focus
High-quality cloud transformation, with a digital economic dividend of 6/5/4 times greater. Friends are the leaders of our erp software saas, and the current ps multipliers are significantly underestimated. As cloud transformation gains gradually emerge, the company’s valuation is expected to be repaired and a “recommended” rating maintained.
\triangleright slides; onbip production is not as advanced as expected; methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective production of the report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.