On 14 July, the company issued a performance forecast of 22h1, with business income expected in the first half of the year.
Friends Network I 40.79%, q/q from negative to positive; net profit from non-repatriation of 157 million yuan, y/y21.71%, q/q from negative to positive. The first half of the year was affected by outbreaks in major guest cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, etc.
2. Focus on Clouds Transformation, Conquering the Mercure and Digital Economy, and Delays in Tendering and Contracting. 21-year h1 gain of $220 million from a subsidiary ' s smooth disposal of shares, with a higher base, and 22-year H1 non-recurring gains and losses being reduced by $350 million over the same period.
3. The Division has continued to promote a strong product strategy, with R & D inputs increasing by about 30 per cent over the year. Large clients are rich in resources and hand orders, and are expected to release their performance further in the second half of the year.
China's mobile, Lusin Group, China's wide power, the Three Gorges' new energy sources, the Left Sea Holdings, China's satellites, and the new 4.
The pace of overall delivery is stable, based on the response to the epidemic and the increased acceptance of remote delivery by users. For example, national development investments.
The Consortium’s project is expected to centralize different systems in two batches over a three-month period; the Congents Project, China’s Golden Currency Group, was launched in January 22; and the Nanjing Cloud Sea Special Metals have been fully online. Digital transformation and national production substitution are unique opportunities for development, taking into account the company’s product strength and long-term growth.
With the State Council ' s State Assets Oversight Committee ' s increasing demands on the company ' s ability to digitalize its management, the anticipated digital transformation of the company and the replacement of national production will drive further growth in the g-end cloud plus software service business.
A new version of yombip will be published, and the product coverage will continue to grow and improve. We look forward to the company, which is expected to generate 50% of the cloud's income over the next three years.
Unexpected performance of enterprises; increased market competition; lower-than-expected process of nationalization of the high-end erp market; analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment