Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre Cloud operations are growing rapidly, taking advantage of the great opportunities of national production substitution Cloud services and software operations are generating $3.511 billion, y/y19 per cent; net profit for mothers - 256 million yuan, same
Losses were recorded; net profit deductions from the non-mortality were $206 million, a loss from the same year, which met expectations. Use of Friends’ Networks - a single-quarter profit was achieved under epidemic pressure, and cloud operations grew rapidly. 2022q2 was collected in the first quarter.
Millions of yuan, y/y18.45 per cent; arr 1.68 billion, y/y101.3 per cent; the parent, $137 million; y/y-the company, which was affected by multiple outbreaks in Shanghai and Beijing during the first half of the year. Some of the business contracts were delayed, projects were real.
After delivery delays, companies overcome the epidemic, complement other regional operations, and while generating revenue growth, business and income structures continue to break out to higher quality. 21h1 has a higher base of $220 million in equity gains due to easy disposal by affiliates, with 22h1 having a lower non-recurring gain of $350 million compared to the same period.
In the first half of the year, J. 4.
More than ten million projects have been signed up by 61 per cent over the same year, and 10 joint projects have been signed at the level of China Connect, China Ship Group, China Armed Forces, China Wide Power, China Mobile, China Starnet, Tri-Fuction Group, China Salt Group, China Consort, South China Air, etc., with a cumulative increase of over 350 national production replacement projects.
In addition, on August 27, the company is expected to release yonbipv3, a comparable international clientele, and ncc will only keep old clients buying more, raise the earnings of large-scale firms and consolidate dominance. For medium-sized clients, product u9c specializes in new client groups, yonsuite scale-up clients, and upgrades the public landscape.
Sales flexibility; extensive coverage of micro-clients, maintaining an absolute growth trend of priority for subscriptions; continuous improvement in delivery capacity and eco-partnering to create strong ecology.
Delivery of inputs, delivery of staff step down simultaneously; focus on dynamic partner capacity management plans, and develop long-term Isv, common service clients. Implementation of deliverers maintain volume control, product R & D inputs are growing steadily, and we are looking forward to a company with 50% of cloud revenue projected for the next three years.
The analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that:
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment