On August 19, the Friends Network published its semi-annual report for 2022.
At the end of the harvest, affected by the many epidemics in Shanghai and Beijing, some of the company ' s business contracts talk about signing contracts, delays in project delivery, and the company ' s revenues are affected, with 2022h1 achieving annual revenue of 3.51 billion yuan in the main business cloud service and software business, an increase of 19 per cent.
Cloud services generated revenues of $2.29 billion, an increase of 53 per cent over the same period, representing a 65 per cent increase in total revenue, and an increase of 18 pcc over the same period last year, which is mainly due to the company’s continued deepening of the cloud strategy transition. At the profit end, the profit side, compared to the loss of profit, was dominated by: 1) the company disposed of subsidiaries’ shares such as smooth and easy payments during the same period last year.
In the course of the reporting period, the company continued to add significant R & D inputs at a cost of 27.4%, but the R & D investment released a certain delay in its performance. We believe that the growth of corporate revenue as a result of the epidemic is still faster, on the one hand, indicating downstream demand.
At the firm level, companies are struggling with a wave of intellectualization and nationalization in large corporate customer markets, and at the firm level, they are struggling with a wave of nationalization in large corporate customer markets.
Strengthened market positioning and operating systems for state-owned enterprises. The release of new business travel and fee-control services during the reporting period, and the introduction of a friend ' s bip global treasury, led to a breakthrough in the management of funds, the creation of a world-class treasury system, and the strengthening of delivery systems, project supervision, etc.
In addition, more than 10 million projects were signed by companies during the reporting period, with a 61 per cent increase over the same period.
In addition, the company has successfully promoted several intellectual solutions in vertical sectors such as telecommunications and electricity, finance, tobacco, and grass, with the labels of China’s top customers and industry labels such as telecommunications, Chinese tobacco, and Haikang Wai.
“Waaan Securities _ Corporate Research _ Computer Industry _ Corporate Deepness _ Corporate Cloud Services New Blue Sea, Business Creation Increased R & D investment, and Partner 3.0-ii strategy for a determined transition to cloudization”
New Platform for Shaping the Future 2020-08-25. From R & D inputs, companies continue to increase their R & D investment to implement the key tasks of “better products” by adding 2. Huaanian Securities_Collaborative Research_Computer Industry_
The company review _21h1 cloud business tops the software, billions of dollars, 38 per cent more than the year, 37 per cent of operating income, strategic input from the company, which will lay the foundation for the release of the company's future performance.
3. Huaan Securities_Study_Computer Industries_Bip Products 20 times (uplines per product every two weeks) and 31 new company reviews _ Corporate Cloud Services New Blue Sea, Business Creation
New Platforms for Declare the Future 2022-03-24 and iuapv6. We believe that companies, as domestic erp champions, are expected to take advantage of the intellectualization and nationalization of large firms and to achieve high growth.
1) Research and development breakthroughs are less than expected; 2) policy support is less than expected; 3) product delivery is less than expected; using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
I don't have, I don't have, I don't have, I don't have, I don't have, and I won't receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.