Reasons reported: Performance rating: company reports issued in the first quarter of 2024. q1, company operating income of $219.843 billion (-34.1%, yoy), credit growth slowed down and structural fragmentation subdued. q1, total assets of business banks grew by 13.24 to 47.6 trillion on a year-on-year basis.
At the end of q1, total loans (excluding incremental credit orientations). Structurally, q1 was added to public loans, personal loans, bill discounts, and 12772, respectively.
A small increase in public spending is either due to slower growth in inefficient investment areas in the inventory process, and slower downward investment in dilution of the increment. The increase in individual lending is either due to the continued increase in lending in the inclusive sector in the context of the continuing slowdown in consumption and housing demand.
The impact of the high table base and the credit-side marginal slowdown, with total bank deposits (excluding accrued interest) at the end of q1 having slowed by 2.61 percentage points to 9.53 per cent at the end of 2023q4, amounting to $34.53 trillion (figure 4). _ The upward pressure on the cost of the liability has been significantly reduced and the net difference has been significantly reduced. q1 Businesses have recorded a single-quarter interest gap of 1.48 per cent.
This is a decrease of 22bp (as shown in figure 5) and a significant contraction (29bp~33bp) between quarterly interest differentials in vs 2023, mainly due to a significant easing of pressure on the end of the liability. At the end of the asset, affected by the heavy pricing of lpr, the rate of measured interest-bearing falls by about 25bp to 3.25% on the same year; at the end of the liability, the effect of deposit interest-reduction is more pronounced as the heavy price becomes more permeable.
Business and Industry Bank (601398): Growth in size is mainly due to the seasonal recovery in asset end-of-end yields, which is related to the increased strategic focus of q1 business banks on higher yield rates, such as retail sales, and an increase in the interest rate ring ratio of q1 by 7bp to 3.25 per cent.
The middle business income is still under pressure, and the income from investment transactions benefits from rapid growth in debt markets.q1, the company achieved a net revenue of 39,342 million yuan from fees and commissions, a decline of 2.83 per cent over the same period and a decline of six consecutive quarters, which is expected mainly to be affected by capital market and capital rate reforms.
At this stage, it is worth noting that capital markets are showing a relatively positive performance, and the impact of the change in the rates of financing has gradually been absorbed, with positive implications for the improvement of middle-account revenues. q1 business banks have achieved investment returns + fair-value changes of $14,234 million, an increase of 18.60 per cent, as compared with 18.60 per cent, benefiting from good debt market conditions.
q1 end-of-life non-performing loan rate of 1.36%, with a flat ring ratio, maintaining its lowest level in recent years. Poor 4bp. The increase in the coverage level of the provision is mainly due to a significant increase in the credit line ratio, with q1 noting the loss of impairment of assets.
q1, business banks generate business and management costs of $45,685 million, a modest increase of 0.60 per cent over the same period, corresponding cost income of 20.78 per cent, which is at a lower level.The interest-reduction effect is gradually reflected in the heavy pricing, with asset yields expected to shrink further, while at the same time with deposit-reduction heavy pricing
Pushing forward, the end-of-debt cost ratio is expected to improve and thus cushion downward pressure on the spread of interest, and it is expected that the net interest spread will continue to be narrow but slow. The firm’s client base is good, the risks are more thorough, it remains resilient at a time of macroeconomic slowdown, and it is expected that the quality of the company’s output will continue to improve. q1’s interest differentials and growth in size are better than we expected. In addition, we optimize the pace of repricing.
Figure 12024q1 Total assets of business banks maintained a relatively rapid growth rate, with total asset size units: trillion yuan; 220244q1 new size structure of business bank loans in billions; 32024q1 small increase in public loans by business banks; and a larger increase in individual loans in billions of yuan.
Figure 52024q1, Business and Development Bank net interest differentials per single quarter are significantly narrower Appendix: Three broad statement forecast values The acceleration is based on the base before the retroactive adjustment, with the base year-on-year 2023 in the summary table on the first page being the retroactive adjusted data.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.