Remediation of 2301 profitability, rapid expansion of overseas operations Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 22 years of exposure to the epidemic, 23 years of demand for advertising
The annual advertising market as a whole dropped by 11.8 per cent (in nominal terms), with the impact of the epidemic, the advertising market having continued to decline since March 22nd year, the advertising market having fluctuated in the second half of the year, and company prices compared to the trend of 300 per cent.
In return, the demand for advertisers has been warming since December as the country recovers.
In 2022, the consumer sector accounted for 52.41% of the company’s advertising earnings, while the consumer customers of 23q1 continued to perform better than the whole, almost at the same level as last year; the Internet sector accounted for 21 years.
27.10% fell to 11.10% in 22 years, with both electric advertisers and new-economy Internet advertisers affected by advertising. The consumer goods industry was used as the basis for the company’s advertising business, showing greater resilience, and
Head brands have a constant demand for exposure and overall investment has been relatively stable, with a breakdown of industry foods, alcoholics, and pharmaceutical health categories growing by the same year in 2022. In 2023, companies continued to optimize their client structure, and their efficiency and business stability are expected to improve further.
Industry Review: Ai+Visual Comic Industry Review: Quality of Resource Pointing, Rapid Expansion of Overseas Operations Consumption Recovery + Supply Recovering, Ai Enabling Production
The company has an absolute advantage in terms of core resources. As at 31 March 2023, the company had about 883,000 elevator television and media equipment, compared to 81.5 on 31 December 2021.
Ten thousand have increased by 8.3 per cent; as the country ' s largest media platform in the world, companies are now overstretched, the game industry is entering a new product cycle, more than 400 million people in China ' s urban mainstream, and the number of second-line urban elevator television outlets has risen.
In parallel with the sustained expansion of the corporate media leadership, companies are also optimizing the number of points. 3. Industry rating: cross-border electricity suppliers: a. low-impact points in low-line cities, with a concentration of points in second-line cities, for profit.
With the technological multidimensionality of the project, it is hoped that the efforts to stabilize foreign trade will be sustained.
Companies have expanded their overseas advertising operations to keep an eye on the development potential of overseas businesses. Public 23q1 net return profits have been rising since 2017, the division has started to market overseas in 23 years, and foreign affiliates now own about 113,000 media equipment.
There are plenty of reserves and strong sales performance, covering more than 70 major cities, including Korea, Singapore, Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, some of which have made profits, including Korea, Indonesia, and Japan in 2022.
Industry depth: the aigc industry research framework and investment has been completed and formally entered into the Japanese market; overseas operations achieved more than $500 million in revenue in 2022.In 2023, companies will continue to expand their overseas markets, targeting countries such as Viet Nam.
In Asia, the pattern of diversification is rapidly replicated. Macroeconomic pressure is persistent; demand for advertising is not recovering as expected; competition patterns in the industry are deteriorating; Internet companies, financial and industrial complexes, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives in seller research.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.