The press (002027.sz) reported on a quarterly basis in 2023: net profits reached the same time last year.
Ping, the consumer of electricity will drive the increase in Internet revenue: companies publish 20231 quarterly reports, 2023q1 achieves 2,575 million dollars, a reduction in the same amount, and the mass media build up the country's largest urban community.
The company’s current main business is the development and operation of life-cycle media, the main product of which is the building media (including a small drop in revenue during the quarter, with net profits reaching the same level as last year’s period). (1) 2023q1, the company achieves the camp.
Elevator TV and elevator poster media, cinema screens, 2,575 million yuan, 12.40 per cent less than the same year. Income falls mainly from the domestic economy and advertising markets, advertising and terminal sales media, etc., covering the urban mainstream.
The field is in the recovery phase; operating costs of $983 million, with a Māori rate of 61.82 per cent, representing a decrease of 1.55 million consumers in the same year.
Divisional points; (2) Corporate sales costs of $485 million in the first quarter, with a sales rate of 18.82 per cent, are higher than the corresponding net profit of the company of $941 million, an increase of 1.34 per cent from the previous year, returning to the same level as the previous year.
In 2023, corporate performance will recover and improve steadily as the advertising market warms up, occupying high-quality media resources in a second-line city and expanding in an orderly manner the location of high-quality domestic and foreign resources. As of 31 March 2023, (1) the company elevator television media had about 8.33 million self-contained devices covering 92 major cities in the country.
Cities, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. By the end of 2022, the total number of points increased by 15,000, including 21,000 in the first line of cities, an increase of 0.3 million; 458,000 in the second line of cities, an increase of 0.7 million; 52,000 in the third line and 52,000 in the lower line of cities, a decrease of 0.1 million; and approximately 113,000 in the media equipment of foreign affiliates, an increase of 0.6 per cent.
Ten thousand, covering 70 major cities and cities in Korea, Indonesia, Thailand, Singapore and Malaysia. (2) The company elevator poster media has about 1,525 thousand self-contained devices covering 70 major cities in the country, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and major cities in Malaysia; an overall decrease of 0.6 million by the end of 2022
Positioning. Looking ahead, companies will actively and orderlyly increase the outreach of high-quality resource points, both within and outside the country, further optimize the density and structure of corporate media coverage, expand the leading advantage of corporate media in life circles, and enhance the ability of underline brands to centralize detonations.
Daily consumer advertising has stabilized, and increased investment by consumers of electricity will lead to an increase in Internet revenue. (1) Dollars, or 4.19 per cent. The Internet industry ' s share in the media has fallen from 27.10 per cent in 2021 to 11.10 per cent in 2022, mainly from domestic electric advertisers and new economics.
In addition, according to the company announcement, consumer consumer consumer customers performed better than the whole in the first quarter of 2023, almost the same as in the same period in 2022; the share of Internet customers falling was significantly reduced, with consumers in the electronics category growing.
A double-digit growth in the same quarter is largely due to the increase in new energy cars. (3) According to the news of the new wave, 618 of Bounty Skycats, the largest investment in history in 2023, is expected to yield over 60 billion traffic exposures. We believe that Alibaba is a major consumer of Internet power for companies.
The increased exposure of the 618 traffic of the Bounty Cat will clearly lead to an increase in corporate Internet panel advertising revenue. Investment advice: the company occupies the bottom line of the “building elevator” and has a powerful brand-cam detonation capability.
The East's financial and intellectual sources reported in the media (002027.sz) in the first quarter of 2023: net profits reached the same level as last year, and electricity consumers will drive Internet revenue growth by clicking here to enter text.
The East is a source of financial and intellectual growth, networking boards, working with companies of excellence, are committed to leading the market in terms of investment opportunities in the industry. Closely tracking industrial trends, focusing on communications, covering community socialization, Internet, short videos, long videos, live broadcasts, music and audio books, and tracking the Internet for life with the United States.
The trend is to track the development of domestic and cross-border power suppliers with Alibaba, Dodo, and Kyouta at the core. The researcher’s own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the media (002027.sz) reported in the first quarter of 2023 that net profits reached the level of the same period last year and that consumers of electricity will drive the growth of Internet revenues.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.