2022: Super-forecast ceiling, see good company aigc layout on 28/022023
Keywords: #Performance #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients Events: On February 28, 2023, the company released a 2022 Express of Performance to achieve increased profitability in core business and sustained business resilience.
In 2022, the company achieved a net return of $830 million to its parent business, a 174 per cent increase in the same year, with four major pieces of core business steadily increasing profitability and becoming more resilient. Of this, 1) social entertainment overseas platformstarx continues to fine-tune its operations, with a significant increase of 38.76 ptt in the 2022h1 Mäori ratio.
They believe that there is still much room for improvement in their ability to collect and profit; 3) the game platform, kangames, has built itself on the Eurasia and the Japanese and Korean regions, and has acquired a national edition number, and we see that the recovery and domesticization of their overseas regions will contribute to the 2023 performance increase; 4) the idleness of the game.
Recreational operations are robust and contribute to stabilizing cash flows. opera: Performance exceeded expectations in 2022, reflecting its potential for profit growth. opera achieved $331 million in 2022, exceeding the company’s previous guidance ceiling of $326 million; achieved adjustments
ebitda $6.808 million, exceeding the company ' s previous guidelines ceiling of $64 million. Meanwhile, Opra published 2023 performance guidelines, which projected $370-390 million in revenue, adjusted ebitda $71-81 million, adjusted ebitdamargin 20%.
Under this, the performance of Opra continues to increase, and we believe that it is largely due to the company’s strategy to focus on the high-arpu area, as well as to the fact that highly sticky products such as the Opragx browser drive the user’s arpu growth, and we see that the company’s strategy continues to advance and that the potential for profit growth is expected to be unleashed steadily.
• In the field of forward-looking aigc, watch for its continuous landings and breakthroughs. 1) At the technology end, the company owns the bottom-of-the-m technology reserve. Since 2020, the layout has been leading, covering the direction of aigc text, images, music, programming, etc. 2) at the application end, the company's Skyworks Hall.
skymusic is the country's leading commercial-class composing ai model with a string accuracy rate of 92.5 per cent, and as far as 22q3 companies have published 15 aigc songs and multi-professional with music, cars, games, etc.
The company collaborates in the initial exploration of commercialization. 3) The porera browser has announced co-operation, openai, quarterly reviews: the porera continues to grow and is expected to take the lead in applying the Chinese version. 4) The company plans to publish the Chinese version in 2023.
Chatgpt, and open source code to promote aigc development in the country.
It is hoped that the company will be able to maintain a “buy-in” rating in line with the multiple valuations of the industry, as well as the firm’s forward-looking aigc, which is constantly on the ground.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board