The media in Kuala Lumpur (300418) is performing as expected, core business is steadily developing, and the aigc layout continues to deepen the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: Corporate performance forecast for 2022. Preliminary calculations by the financial sector indicate that in 2022, the company expected a steady growth in four major business plates and a significant increase in net profit on business ownership. During the reporting period, the company returned to its parent, with a net profit of 100 million yuan, an increase of 92-49 per cent over the same period, and a net profit on its parent business of about 70-91 million yuan, an increase over the same period.
In 2022, the game 's kangames self-research game, the Tower of the Holy Land, was launched to the top of Europe and America ' s major countries for free, first 1.4 million new users in the month, and the first three million dollars in the first month of the month. The game has been launched.
The development of games like Dragon Rise, code name-d, and d-war, under the banner of Arkgames, is continuing, and is expected to contribute to a certain increase in performance. Leisure and recreation platforms play well with each other to secure the head of the national chess game and to innovate to introduce it on the air, thus continuing to contribute to stability.
In 2022, the aigc layout continued to grow. The company achieved a rapid increase in its performance. Through technical means, such as ai, the company transformed it from a traditional browser to an information distribution platform, and currently has over 20 million viewers for the game mau; an overseas social entertainment platformstarx
Under the banner of Starxmusicxlab, dedicated to the production of music, music, music and music, certified by the copyright of Isrc, has now published more than 10 songs written by the ai, and has been posted on more than 180 music platforms outside the country. In December 2022, the company released the entire series of "Kullen Skyworks" aigcs.
This algorithm and model can be used by all developers as a basestone for application development.
One of the full-scale companies, a follow-up application scenario expansion is to be expected. Zeus’s new business, Opra, is showing a sustained performance of profit predictions and investment proposals.
2. Klonwanwi (300418): Game operations are built on, network platform-based businesses with a steady growth under the flag of Starx, and the business of Opra is expected to resume from the epidemic, and the acquisition and acquisition of new growth poles are expected to continue (2022-04-19)
In summary, maintaining the “buy-in” rating is recommended for attention. User growth is not as high as expected, and Noro will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or for, the specific recommendations or views in this report.