A consumer-centred, digital enabling supply chain that raises competition for food drinks and white wine.
Marginal slowdown: Industry demand is under pressure to influence the price performance of large monolithic cellars, while firms themselves are moving toward a gradual adjustment. We believe that market pricing based on short-term increases is biased, that the current industry is weak, that companies are actively deconstructing the burden in a climate of atmosphere, and that consumers are central to the digital transformation.
A forward-looking product layout, with a comparative advantage at the management level, is still a common understanding; the company is now close to the beginning of 2013 to a level of water, with opportunities at both the operational and investment levels.
The organization and channels are the core strengths, and two rounds of historical restructuring have led to a breakdown through deep reforms. Companies are organized, marketed, motivated, large and professional sales teams are opened up; the organization supports fine, sophisticated management models of channels, adapted to local conditions, and controls are strengthened.
Digital debate: Technology-based supply chains, with consumers at the centre, raise the barriers to competition. White wine channels have been changing for the last two years, and voice rights have been raised, from high-speed online channels of gmv to instant retailing.
High power can cut in, push the liquor industry to diversify and flatten the layout channels. Digitalization is a necessary tool to drive the dtc process, and flexible organizational mechanisms and streamlined channeling can be better promoted by “remodeling channels” since the beginning of the 14th century.
Enabling supply chains, production end solutions to the pains of white wine, channel-end improvements in management efficiency, consumer-side construction, large-scale demand-building models, core terminals + 40 per cent in 2024, member assets + 60 per cent; short-term flexibility for companies to align digitalized profit-sharing models, care-giving channel benefits, and promising growth in anti-feed management efficiency and sales.
At the product level, the high cellars stabilize prices and share advantages in thousands of bits of prices, with economic repair, quantitative growth in space, and a high price ratio for low-value cellars, with the prospect of a low-valued dividend positive growth; and a popular price special, the headline, that meets the consumer’s daily needs.
In particular, the 60-page channel operates rationally longer than the same price-based single lifeline, with the old word, the headline, and the two-track "Ouzhou cellar" (000568.sz)-2025q1 recorded a positive increase, with the company directing three years of red and flexible matching of market demand. At the regional level, short-term companies continue to focus on Kawakawa, the Chinese North Grain Market.

Investment recommendations: Short-term pressure does not change long-term growth dynamics and maintains a “better than the big market” rating. Given short-term industry demand pressures, companies continue to focus on stock-taking, marketing promotion, and previous profit projections, with a robust income growth forecast for the first half of the year (000568.sz).
" The Cedars (000568.sz) - Persistence to long-termism, digital engineering-driven management - industry-driven adjustment, multi-priced product layout, digitalization tools to nurture consumers, long-run nationalization progress, food safety, etc.
Since November 2023, there have been more high and falling markets, valuations have been discounted relative to Guozhou's kiosks and five grain fluids, and there are some reasons why the company's valuations have been discounted, and one of the reasons why it is currently looking at the company's long-term investment is one of the studies: lifestyle re-engineering of the consumer scene, the emergence of a new consumer, the evolution of the consumer industry, as described in the report.
The essence of evolution is a change in lifestyle. This round of “new consumption” is driven by technology and demand, with a single enlarged ceiling that may be limited, but that is more than enough to consume, emotional value consumption promotes a convergence of scenes, consumer demand for a single large monolith turns into demand for multiple degrees, multiple specifications, and, in the case of brands, needs to be taken into account.
The idea of a "big monolith" has been transformed into a "big brand" matrix (multiple, multi-size, multi-image). The strengths of the company are that: management has a long strategic vision, early low-scaling products, rejuvenate brand marketing; companies invest in technology capital ahead of schedule, ensure quality and health during product reduction, and the development of new products has a scale effect, because
In the long run, we believe that there is a potential for overgrowth in the old cellars of Xiangzhou, which are considered to have a strong market management capacity and a high level of stability in the business team, which we believe may be linked to the company’s long-term marketization operations, such as forward-looking products and market layout, flexible organizational mechanisms, and fine-tuning.
The capital market and the white industry have a high interest in market management in the Penang cellar, and we would like to use this report.
To explore the operational mechanisms and investment value of companies, we believe that companies have the potential to move through the cycle.
Management is a grass-roots source in the white and wine industry, familiar with marketing and market operations, which facilitates the strategic re-entry of enterprises; companies focus on talent development and motivation, allowing the company to maintain a professional marketing team for long periods of time; and well-developed middle- and back-office sectors are also fully empowered to sell in front-end markets and improve operational efficiency.
The company’s sophisticated channel model and multi-priced product layout have been put on the ground, especially on the pipeline, where the three-tier federated layers have evolved, the Division of Marketing has managed a large system of terminals, with multi-line product flexibility, rapid response, control of the price plate, and other liquor companies have had greater difficulty copying it.
2) We are the first in-depth report of the market to explore the digitalization of the old cellar, albeit difficult, but correct. The 14th Five-Year Company, with the supply chain as its core strategy, began to expand its marketing of digital inputs in 2022, and market awareness remains, at the level of tools for improving the efficiency of the channels, which we consider to be based on the transformation of industry demand, change of channels and consumption.
We analyze the characteristics of the change in the white wine channel and the transformation of the sales model, the digital system being a necessary condition for companies to acquire and manage consumers in a diversified, flat- leveld channel structure;
And the existing product structure is the advantage of the company’s digitalization; it achieves the effects of open-source economies over the long term. 3) Looking forward to growth space, with dual brands and multi-products forming, and the “235+100” strategy opening up nationalized space.
At the regional level, Sichuan and Hebei serve as the market for grain warehouses, with a consumption base.
Indeed, deep farming through channels and multi-product layouts continue to raise their share; the advantage market for short-term deep-farming, the strength of multiple preservation strategies, and long-term nationalization are expected to follow the industry’s boom. The pace of improvement is expected to drop, and the company’s valuation will be discounted.
Quoting: The Cemetery, which has traditionally been a “good student” in capital markets, has been running out of stock since December 2023, and the market has revised its pricing of its management after a slowdown. We believe that capital markets are priced biasedly, based on short-term growth, and that the company’s current valuation is at a historically low fraction and has room for restoration.
The stock price of the old cellar fell by 48.0 per cent, the white wine fell by 26.5 per cent, the five grain fluid fell by 29.0 per cent, the company stock price ran off the plate and the comparable company. According to the valuation, the old pantry pe (fy+1) fell by 50.6 per cent, and since 2024q2 the public's valuation of the five grain fluids showed a discounted value, with the current valuation being about 0.84, down from before December 2023.
White wine sales have gradually taken on a “deeper season” feature, with the company’s stock of major product channels starting to grow. After April 2024, the country’s major consumer goods have slowed significantly, high-end gifts and business needs have deteriorated further, and domestic demand has been significantly affected; companies have taken the initiative to slow down, focus on the bottle and go to the bank, with revenue growth loops for the 2024 seasons being lower than in the 2024 seasons.
In mid-2023, the bulk price gap between the cellar and P5 widened, reflected in weak demand and falling after P5, but the price of the cellar remained stable during the P5 price escalation phase. High-level cellars themselves have demand structures dominated by gifts, business exchanges, circle activities, etc., and are divided in consumer demand.
The situation is much more affected (P5 was high in the south-east of the country). In 2024, the five grain fluids plus the heavy-cost input to operate the five grain fluids, which grew faster at the feast scene; 1618 actually matched the high price of the cellars, putting pressure on the sale of the cellars in areas where the brands of the cellars were weak.
After profound reforms in 2013-2015, the Cedars resolved the legacy of history, adding wealth to the effects of rising consumption in the industry and achieving a high growth rate of eight years to the right. With the outbreak, economic growth has slowed, the consumption structure has been transformed, channel behaviour has changed, and so on.
Internal and external factors have affected the company’s own development in 2023, where it faced bottlenecks, such as high inventories, lower profits from channels, reduced capacity for single-point growth in distributors, and lower cost-effectiveness than marginality. Over the last two years, the company has undertaken internal and external reforms, such as full import of a product, a five-size combination of products, implementation of a “well-drilling plan” to improve end-covering, full-linking, etc.
We believe that capital markets are based on a short-term decline in growth, which leads to a price bias in corporate organization and management capacity. In the short term, the demand in the white wine industry is still at the bottom of the grinding phase, and companies are at the right pace.
In the long run, companies are more aware of the crisis, moving ahead with the digitalization of the industry, and preparing for changes in the industry channel model. In terms of investment value, in the current period, there is therefore a difference between the stock rate forecast in the cellar and the end-page financial form.
2 Management endowments, marketing model innovation Introduction: We divide brand-driven, management-driven, supply-and-demand-driven companies into three categories, according to the most dominant factors in corporate growth; the old cellars in Lianzhou are able to maximize organization and channels in management-driven companies.
Companies have twice faced adversity in their history, both through deep reform. We believe that the barriers to their core competitive advantage, with organizations and channels, have not changed, and that the industry’s lower-cycle companies are actively promoting issues such as consumer growth, improved efficiency of channels, and that the up-swinging cycle is expected to bring back brands, products and management.
2.1 Organizational mechanisms: highly marketed, highly talented, well-organized corporate structures and more focused front-end sales operations. Since 2016, the company has constructed the marketing company structure of the “Four Three Lines” to play its full role as a marketing command centre for sales.
Integrated planning, movement control and management of work; and well-developed medium- and back-office systems such as the Ministry of Human Resources, the Department of Audit, the Department of Member Services, etc., to strengthen overall support for front-end sales.
In 2021, the company introduced a “performance-based, value-driven” approach to pay appraisal management, which is based on annual salary,
The annual pay for performance (linked to annual performance), the income from term incentives (linked to tenure performance) consisted of the former company manager ' s remuneration level, which was at the upper end of the industry. In 2021, the company re-launched its restricted equity incentive scheme (the first two rounds were launched in 2006/2010), with nine executives and 512 core cadres per capita awarded.
The company also focuses on first-line employee incentives, with a large number of ground salesmen directly entering into labour contracts with branding companies, linking remuneration to sales performance, and adopting cash incentives to market the overall remuneration and lead the industry at a higher level.
At the same time, the group promotion mechanism is flexible, setting up a two-way career development system for “manager” and “professional” with the option of a development path at the p3 level, two-way employee promotion regulations, clear grades (an Internet-like enterprise) and two.
This model, we believe, is a way to create a team that is strategic, forward-looking, well-directed, highly motivated, and better marketable.
:: Fieldized, refined marketing model. Figure 15: Double-channel promotion path for the Penthouse Group, 2.2 channel management: adapted to local conditions, fine-painting, enhanced controls
Introduction: Channel management is the externalization of corporate organization’s strengths to the market level, building its own nuclear barriers to competition. The company’s more innovative marketing model has become market consensus, and the channel model has been adapted to maximize efficiency in resource allocation across the country.
The organization has been trained from the top to the bottom, allowing complex and flexible channels to run through and focus on end-building and fine-tuning control throughout the channels.
The branding company model strengthens the management capacity of the channels. The five major branding companies currently operate relatively independently and match the structure of the company ' s products, with nostalgia liquor marketing companies (which are responsible for the 60/80 editions of the specials) being fully owned by sales companies.
Instead of the previous model of a regional division (prosecutors have a higher voice, demand drop-down phase, guided by turnover, and corporate strategy implementation is hampered), a brand-based approach is conducive to a better implementation of the corporate top-level product strategy, with narrow access levels and stronger distributor controls, while allowing for localism on the one hand.
The three-tier stairwell evolves in order to manage the power to ply terminal control. For example, through the evolution of the “124 engineering-state cellar-end consortium” the company binds its interests in the form of absorbing the end shop into the conglomerates, returning and increasing through channels, as the number of strategic terminals covered increases, the difficulty of single-point management increases.
Value services, for example, guarantee end profits and strengthen core terminal stickyness. For 2023, in the face of stock competition in the industry, companies have continued to build up the value of the terminal development to supplement the income gains, such as the advantage market well-dwelling scheme, the restaurant fight, etc., by increasing the quantity and quality of the terminal.
Soft, other liquor companies have a high cost of copying: whether it's a practical challenge to embed the three-tier coalition stakeholder layer, or whether the well-dwelling program has a high demand for customer maintenance, sales follow-up and back-end management, it requires a large and trained ground team to be called.
2.2.1 Flexibility in implementing channel models Depending on the local context Flexibility in adopting direct-marketing and distribution models. Under branding companies, firms have different direct-marketing and distribution models adapted to the development needs of different regions, mainly based on local urban level, loss of brands.
Considerations of the cost climate, distributor resources, etc.: such as the rapid recovery of the product market using the Tzutai (directorate) model in the context of industry depth adjustment; Henan's aggressive approach, pre-war, post-plant cooperation; Hebei's flexible changes in the power of urban distributors based on different breakdowns. Different channel models correspond to the same core, i.e., by fine-tuning.
To strengthen access controls and build synergies among producers through “suppliers, promoters, carers, rich traders.” Direct affiliates model: fast-focusing resources, market openings, top-level control of channels dismantling model: brand companies establish local subsidiaries, absorb core distributors or end-input platforms.
On the one hand, resources are high, rapidly creating a consumption climate and seizing market shares; on the other hand, guaranteeing the interests of the core distributors, thereby leveraging the social resources behind them and achieving sustainable regional development.
Chengdu market experience: The Kutai model has been reformed over several rounds and has matured. 1) The Kutai model originated in 2014 in the Chengdu market, and during a period of deep industrial adjustment, the base of bulk market sales was unstable, the price of the run-off was very high, the company initially tried to control the terminal model to restore sales, but at that time it was still more dependent on distributors.
2) Following the recovery in industry, the company fully recognized the importance of fine-tuning control of the channels, reached a direct-control terminal after the 59-day Congress, developed the subsidiary model through a stock conversion attempt to bind the interests of distributors, and increased its sales volume from 200 million to 1.2 billion yuan in the Chengdu area from 2015 to 2022.
3) The “well-drilling programme” since 2023 has also been essentially “re-cultivating” in niche markets, increasing the number of salesmen and conducting consumer activities around restaurants, and is currently expected to sell around $2.1 billion in the Chengdu region, accounting for 60 per cent of the total volume of high-end white bottle openings.
In 2020, Henan market brought together the best salesmen, increased the number of salesmen, built up the most sophisticated terminals, carried out such activities as forensics, and the volume of cellar sales in Henan grew rapidly from $330 million in 2019 to $700 million in 2021.
The North China Highlands market uses a straight-line model. The North Hebei area has a better consumption climate, with the establishment of a fully-owned subsidiary in a relatively weak dealership in Shishijia (provincial city) that replicates the Tutu Kutai model, with factory personnel taking the lead in opening terminals, nurturing consumers, and central end-in-stock platforms. Beijing also uses the direct-in-company model; Tianjin also uses the direct-in-subsidy model.
For the distributors, the platform company is formed, the customer resources are tied to the current year’s sales, and the manufacturer’s personnel are responsible for market enforcement and cost landing.
(b) Demolition: the company sends business personnel to assist distributors in developing markets and consumer education, and in developing a model of cooperative industry for the white wine industry. The cellar is more inclined to be owned by the manufacturer than the dealer-led model, in the form of (1) local office integration; (2) company-led cost planning, input, vetting, landing, etc.;
Such models also exist in the case of inconsistent interests of manufacturers, which lead to reduced efficiency, weakened motivation of distributors, incorporation of distributors into regional alliances, binding of distributors’ interests, and maintenance of stable channels.
Henan has gradually restored the manufacturer 1+1 model by opening up the market with a war. The company has established a subsidiary after the industry's depth has been adjusted to help Henan market start at short notice, but some distributors and terminals have completed their tasks by pressurizing goods, off-site de-stocking, hedging fees, etc.
In 2021, the company gradually restored the form of “1+1” to the vendor, promoted the dealer’s motivation, supervised the movement of goods, stock levels and cost declarations, and focused on maintaining the stability of the price board system.
Co-operated companies in the two lakes and the South China region are working together to open the market. In the north mid-Luan region, the cellars themselves have some branding power, but high-end white wine competition patterns are fragmented; company workers assist distributors, strengthen activities, maintain hospitality, ensure profit-making, and increase the stickyness of distributors. In the south of China, strong white wine is consumed.
Both base and cellar brands are weak, the vendor 1+1 model is more efficient, and sales personnel mainly assist distributors in marketing and opinion leadership maintenance, while at the same time raising young consumers with differentiated new products, leading to a more fragmented pattern of competition for white wine in Hunan Province in 2024
Figure 23: Shenzhen Marketing Service Centre, 2024
The distributor’s dominant model is suitable for regions with more powerful dealers and a stronger consumption climate for the cellar brands, and upgrades the corporate overall resource allocation in the northern part of the river (Paying, Tangshan, Lobs, etc.): In 2004, the company increased the brand of the cellars in Hebei.
Fostering, low-lying cellars are more responsive to local low-fragrance consumption habits, with rapid start-up; piloting from 2006 onward to Luxun Springs, magnifying brand effects with major commercial resources; thus, the cellar has a solid base of consumption in the Hebei region.
The Zhejiang Lake Region: In 2010, the company moved from the Lake Jaguar region to the development of the Huadong market, in cooperation with the Great Trader Zhejiang Springs, and in 2017, the Cahu National Crunch Club was set up to develop the circle, and the Zhebei Region has accumulated one.
In recent years, the national consumption of white wine has been under pressure, competition in the East China region has been intense, high-cost investment has been ineffective, the Lake Garage region has remained an important entry point into the East China market in low-lying countries, and companies have used the power of large businesses to develop channels, promote digital transformation, nurture consumers, and consolidate small regional bases as a follow-up nationalization.
2.3 Product layouts: Blossoms made of noses, two brands, multi-tasks covered full price belts 2.3.1 brand power: pioneers of fragrance, five years of “China's famous wines” and traditional brewing techniques used for nearly 700 years. In 1324 A.D., Guo invented the “glycerine tune”
In 1996 the Ministry of State awarded the first priority cultural preservation unit in the industry, which was built in 1573.
For more than a hundred years, 1619 galleries have been selected for the seventh series of national priority cultural conservation units in 2013. The old cellars are now used for more than a hundred years in the old cellars in the producing countries, mainly for the products of the cellars.
The more the wine quality, the better the fragrance, the more it improves, the 1573 countries have detected and identified a total of 1563 fungus in the cellar mud, the high brand value and the visibility of the famous wine gene. In 1915, the state cellar won its first international appearance in Panama.
Since 1952, the Cedars of Chenzhou have won the title of wine at five national wine fairs, the only brand of white wine of five national wine titles. In 1991, the "Zongzhou" brand was selected for the first ten Chinese brands. In 2006, the "Temporary wine brewing technique of the old cellars of Luangzhou" was selected for the first series of non-materials at the national level.
The Cultural Heritage Directory has once again highlighted the influence of wine, diversified marketing, the conglomerate connection, and branding. The cellar is deeply embedded in high-end business and sports activities, working strategically with major events such as the Australasia Open Competition, the Beijing Winter Olympics, the Paris Olympics, and so on.
A major international political conference, such as the “One Way” summit forum, and the meeting of leaders of the BRICS countries, was organized by the Angry State cellars, which dug deep into culture, history, and looked at China in the Story, China in the Aftermath, and other programmes, and promoted cross-border marketing via ip, such as the 2019 U.S. Light Media.
The "Golden State" egg, followed by the "Gynn Tooth" "What's the devil's boy's game." 2.3.2 Product power: multi-priced layout, rich product matrix.
In the last two years, the company has launched new strategic products such as the State cellar 1952, high light, black cover, and so on, to further enrich the product matrix.
High end: The state cellar has 1573 high and low advantage areas, with a strong share. The company ' s high-quality wine is dominated by the state cellar, with about 16% of its income in the last five years, and about 60% of its income; 52 degrees and 38 degrees of its revenue are scattered over the region, creating separate markets for the company ' s grain barns. The high state cellar prices are close to P5 and the current batch prices are stable.
At $835-845, the share of the market was stable at $1,000, with high brand power in high-level white wine consumption markets such as Kawasaka and Hunan. Low state cellar quality, high value for money, dominant market preference for low-level wine in Huabei, and rapid release in recent years, creating a higher branding influence in Hebei, Shandong, and business scenes.
From the beginning, the company's statement discloses a combination of medium- and high-end liquor, with a breakdown of high-end liquor as an estimate: a joint layout of hysteria and scavenging wine. Since 2018, with the rejuvenation of the old cellar brand in Xingzhou, the “State cellar + special” has been a two-wheel-driven strategy based on a basic model with a high-yielding effect at a price of $300-600.
The 60th edition of the re-enactment, positioning the 400-bit belt, switching the pilot group purchase model to full-source operations in the Kawasaka area, gradually developing the slogan, launching in 2024 the "Red 60" and specializing in the feasting track to take over the segment market; 2) the old word "Bup" to the tenth generation, running up to the 200-300-bit price, focused meals, family reunions.
Year: In order to operate differently from the feature, the company focuses on the age of the cellar for 60 to 90 years and adopts a regional policy of isolation, the interior of which is dominated by a regional feature covering the dominant markets of south-west and north-west China, and the second-line cities of the coastal region, which are mainly engaged in scavenging wine, supplementing markets other than the special.
Public prices: The headlines are growing steadily, and the black cover creates a new growth point. The headlines are big low-priced monoliths in companies, which have grown steadily in recent years in response to the external environment with a high-value advantage. The company proposes a big light bottle strategy to replace the penis with a black cap after the low-end sku is in place.
Black caps use pure grain solid-state brewing, high-line light bottled wine, and in the spring of 2025, a double-edited version was launched at a price of $65 (at a much lower price). It also opens up light products such as “high light” for young consumers.
With 100,000 tons of high-quality, pure and white wine production, 100,000 tons of wine and 380,000 tons of wine in storage after delivery, the company now has 170,000 tons of gin production, which guarantees the quality of the product. With regard to the quality of alcohol, when the former company was in a cellar for more than 30 years, there were 1,086 silos to support the rate of wine production; and, at the same time, there are yellow wine brewings in Lianzhou.
Ecoland smart brewery, using modern technologies such as ai visual sensors, collusive robots, to improve the quality of alcohol and the stability of alcohol, with the average company success rate currently stable at 92 per cent (75 per cent of the average in the strong perfume industry). In 2024, the Sensor Smart Packing Centre was built to build a "Boiling, Storage, Packing, Logistics".
The digitized transition to consumer-centred and increased barriers to competition is described in the introduction to “145” the company's strategy to open up the supply chain masters, and in 2022 the strategic investment in marketing digitisation.
It is understood only as a sweeping red pack plus logistics regulation, which we see as a forward-looking layout based on changes in the white wine industry channels and consumers: companies are consumer-centred, technology is more sophisticated, they further raise barriers to their competition, and other consumer goods track has matured experience.
Channels hit earlier pain spots, digital marketing models are running, and future non-3.1 strategic visions may be driven by consumer-driven approaches, driving the digitization of supply chain links. Companies actively embrace technological innovations, promoting the digitization of supply chain links since the 1454. 1) Management is soft.
Digitalization, introduction of SAP/erp at the beginning of the twenty-first century to integrate intra-group data: 2) digitization of logistics, promotion of one-size-fits-all construction by companies after industry depth adjustments, coupled with a control board-discriminating channel price model, to a greater extent solves the problem of moving goods; 3) digitization of supply chains, where companies have opened supply chains since the 1454s
The physical strategy, with the end of the production stage, after the birth of the yellow sprouts, the further promotion of smart packaging and smart brewing techniques, the early insight of the industry at the end of the channel, the shift of the strategy to the right-hand “consumer open bottle-scanning” and the enhancement of brand mind operations, the construction of single consumer models and the improvement of conversion rates at the consumer end.
The old cellar is good at capturing changes in macroeconomics and industries, and we believe that firms are accelerating the drive for digital change because: (1) the supply side, accompanied by a gradual decline in total production in the white and wine industry, is likely to increase the share of quality supply in the future. The quality of the product is at the heart of competition; and (2) the demand side, where the restructuring of the industry is driven by industrial transformation and intergenerational transformation.
Changes in lifestyle drive diverse needs such as physical consumption, pleasure in consumption, low-level drinking, etc.; 3) at the bureau level, the white wine industry has developed to date, branding patterns have become entrenched, consumers have taken the initiative to purchase the required products through diversified channels, instead of forcing alcohol companies to embrace new products, new channels, new tools; 4) at the channel level, past
In an era of rapid growth, industries have accumulated higher-channel stocks, with the erosion of traditional channels that require alcohol companies to nurture real bottle-opening incentives for distributors; (5) at the managerial level, in the development of direct circuits and the expansion of end-shop models, digital tools have increased management efficiency and expanded border management.
Figure 35: Companies recognize revenue and regulate the way market supply operates 3.1.1 at the end of production: smart production technology leads, improves product quality competitiveness, the old cellar smart production leads the industry and stabilizes product quality. 170,000 tons of design capacity are currently in place.
It can be digitally produced, and the Yellow Ribbon Eco-Industry Park can mature intelligently make public-priced wines (the national cellar products are still manufactured by the National Treasure Pool plus traditional processes to ensure high-end quality), raising alcohol rates, excellent rates and stabilizing the quality of the products; in 2024, the first smart packaging centre in the industry was put into operation, with a view to the global “lighthouse plant”, with a view to improving the efficiency of production.
In September 2024, the company invested about $8.85 billion in construction, and in the old cellars, 950 acres were planned and completed in three stages; the first phase of the project was used to produce about 80,000 tons of gin per year and about 104,000 tons of gin storage capacity; and the technology adaptation project was completed and could be further developed.
Increased automation, intellectualization and esg standards of white wine brewing.
The construction of the first “Yellow Breweries Eco Garden” in an automated and intelligent industry, using intelligent brewing to drive green carbon reductions.
A ton of combined energy consumption, a ton of alcohol and water consumption, a digital manufacturing process to reduce the amount of white wine and improve the competitiveness of products.
Since then, alcohol companies have been active in low-quality drinking, and low-level alcohol has a high-tech barrier. Low-level white wine is not a high-level wine, it comes with water alone, and it needs to address the problem of blistering and the lack of its original style. Companies have chosen to “sort filter” to remove it, and research and development has matured over the decades; it is about how to be “low and low” and how to do it.
There are two ways in which the industry can improve the base of the original wine and enhance its taste (only as a means of making amends), and companies use digital production techniques to continuously improve the abundance and style of the wine body: (1) to analyse the microbacterial strains of the old cellar ponds, and to create a large amount of technological innovation, and to improve the capacity of the cellar pools to ferment the fragrance; (2) to optimize the processes of cellaring, mixing, shoving and entering the cellars, and so on, to make the brewing process possible.
Microbiological transport creates the best environment; 3) fine multi-screte distillation ensures a low-quality product with a small margin of quality. On the one hand, the company’s low-quality products are thick, stable and healthy; on the other hand, high production efficiency reduces production costs and enhances product innovation. 38-degree cellars have gained high consumer approval over the years.
And, in the industry, the company innovates the way ice drinks are used, breaks the scene. Figure 39: Microecological mechanisms of the silhouette, the smelting fragrance, and figure 40: the company innovates the form of white wine ice.
3.1.2 Channels and consumer ends: Digital tools are linked to global marketing to activate medium- and long-term growth kinetic energy Digital tools are linked to channels to enhance management and efficiency. In 2023, the company upgraded the whole-line product to a single, five-yard, covering the entire flow node from production, logistics to sales, through distributors, operators, doors.
With consumers at the centre, demand-driven firms raise barriers to competition. We believe that the core of the restructuring of the industry is to:
The process of industrial transformation and intergenerational change has been characterized by a continuous increase in consumer bargaining power, externalization as a channel to accelerate change and the transformation of the alcohol industry (part of which will be discussed in section 3.2). Companies use big data models to collect and analyse consumer images and scenes, and decisions based on real data assets will be better used as product overlaps and regional tactics.
Digital tools change the way profits are distributed, and the industry goes through a short throes. Markets worry about the negative feedback from the channels in the process of digitalization, affecting the ability of companies to generate income.
The decline in business demand has led to lower turnover rates, which have further exacerbated the cost of collating. In the case of the cellar, 1573, dealers in the past earned higher profits than competitively through vague return, share-sharing and flexible distribution of costs. In 2024, the company, based on consumer openings, encouraged distributors to earn fees through reverse red packages.
At the same time, the digital system aggregates the bottle openings of dealers downstream, provides costs and resources at a gradient, and reduces the profits from the channel relative to the stage of declining demand for consumption. Companies are flexible about how to manage their channels and actively maintain the vendor relationship.
The middle-line group has been repurchased by end-shops such as consumer opening, development of restaurants, increased number of bottle openings, and some of the end-points have gradually developed positive feedback. The pressure on the channel has been further highlighted in the context of demand under pressure since 2025, as companies have responded to the decline in motivation of parts of the factory that are derived from the digitized disk, and the costs of tactical adjustment have been invested, including 1) more incentives.
meta-evaluation to add process assessment indicators (culture of consumer numbers, conduct of testing, etc.) and increase dividends, cost support, etc.; 2) build distributors and terminal associations to enhance channel cohesion and motivation; 3) high state cellars are known as price increases, stabilize price boards, increase remittances, etc.
3.2 Industry channels change on the string of arrows, and consumers are scarce assets, and we think that companies are more forward-looking in their marketing strategy of digitalization, not only on the basis of white wine companies, but also on the basis of the growing combination of bottled red packages and digital tools to enhance the efficiency of channel management, with digitalization at its core being consumption.
White wine channels continue to evolve over time, with roles ranging from “participating producers” to “linking tools.” The white wine industry has undergone many rounds of adjustment since the reforms were opened, and the channel model has evolved in the context of the times and changes in supply and demand structures.
We have summarized the changes in the white wine channel as several features: 1) The macroeconomic environment is the main cause of the changes in supply and demand, the development of the market economy gives white wine a variety of attributes, such as consumption, socialization, investment, the transformation of the industrial structure, the strengthening of the breeding of opinion leaders and the development of channels for group purchasing, and the demographic changes affecting the general consumption landscape.
Upgraded; 2) Distributors are by nature profit-driven and have a cyclical magnification effect. White wine businesses have gradually increased their channel control capacity in successive industrial restructurings, and the chain of control extends from upstream production to end consumers; 3) Technology has further diversified its supply channels, accompanying the development of the Internet economy and logistics system, and consumer access
This cycle of change is driven by c-end, accelerated integration of goods, sites, and people. In the past channel model of goods, fields, and relative separation of people, distributors help manufacturers to nurture political opinion leaders, and to distribute deep in the public landscape.
Channel-controlled alcohol companies (e.g., huts, cellars, wells, etc.) have had early placements (c). Since 2022, with changes in the economic and social environment and the convergence of technology, c. speech power has further increased 1) the demographic structure and consumer mentality have evolved, with z generations becoming the dominant consumption force, rationalisation, individualization, and increased self-consumption; 2)
Sales channels and consumption scenes have moved, business drinks have been reduced, single feasts have been reduced in size, channels have been expanded, integrated, and consumer purchase costs have been reduced. As a result, goods, spaces, people have been rapidly integrated, and consumers have become scarce assets in supply and demand.
Performance 1: White wine lines are growing rapidly, and consumer asset data are wide and broad. According to the mirror, 2024-year-old liquor markets are at 120 billion yuan, with a cagr at 30% in 2 years and a penetration rate of 12%; of these, white wine/fine wines are growing at the fastest rate, mainly due to the fact that they are expected to increase alcohol supplementation on major mainstream power platforms from 23 years onward.
(c) Some distributors provide low-priced cash flow to the line under stock pressure. According to consumer portraits, while online alcohol consumers are dominated by men between the ages of 31 and 40, the proportion of women aged 24 to 30 is increasing;
At the same time, online channels are naturally characterized by a wide geographical distribution of consumers and large income differentials.
At the demand side, friends and friends, business exchanges, home-drinking are the three scenes of instant retail sales that better meet the permanent demand of the moment. At the supply side, the conduits are mainly integrated platforms (the United States Corps, hungry, etc.) and pitted platforms (the gins, the 1919s, etc.), from the source and from the source.
Several wine factories have established partnerships, and logistics have built up pre-positions to improve the efficiency of their movements. Consumer portraits show that the majority of young users under the age of 30 are now retail outlets that are multi-grade, timely, and compatible with their way of life.
In the process of widening the consumption landscape, dtc is a mandatory course to achieve the next stage of growth for the liquor industry, and the tool is the dtc's “marking”, because 1) the consumer's main intergenerational shift, the consumer's stage concerns are changing faster, data analysis and decision-making models need to be used better; 2) changes in the distribution channels require a long flow of water and branding.
Face the test of flow rules, technology applications; 3) Pluralization of channels and flat- leveling of layouts, direct consumer development, and higher demand on the marketing management capacity of alcohol companies.
Managing synergies, filling, packaging, consumer portraits.
Favourite R & D 3.3 Compared to the beauty of the digital development path of the Orang Peng: White wine is a productive attribute compared to other consumer products, and the acquisition channels of political and corporate units and groups are compared
Too many, traditional distribution channels have long dominated, and therefore lag behind other types of products in terms of channel change and digitization. Focusing on the big consumer track, good firms offer digital transformational ideas, and the beauty of the electricity industry, as well as food and beverages, have relatively complete and mature experiences in digitizing reforms.
3.3.1 United States Group: A pioneer in the digital transformation of household electricity from manufacturing, technology to Internet beauty has been divided into four phases, moving from traditional manufacturing to industrial Internet platforms. In 2013, companies sought to improve the efficiency of group management and to initiate digital reform: phase 1.0, information systems and enterprise development
Downstream clients shift from large orders to small orders, companies “to sell their products” and re-activate the links to address stock issues; industrial Internet, strategic transformation of technological barriers to companies to expand their capacity boundaries, 5g, ai+, constantly changing to address consumer demand.
The “human efficiency” of the United States has increased significantly in the period of digital empowerment towards the new era of the industrial Internet, with income generation per capita and per capita income per capita growing faster at the same time as the number of employees has fallen; stock turnover days have also declined significantly relative to the industry.
A beautiful platform to build up incremental business, with products and services enriched (e.g. buildings, robots, medical care, etc.), partners expanded to car, retail, etc., and built beauty ecology. The digital transformation started earlier, with interconnection plants being built in the 2012-2016 period.
We think that the central reason is that America's organizational mechanisms are flexible, able to quickly adjust its business strategies and respond to market changes; and that it is a diversified product.
The structure and channel model has also increased the resilience of the business restructuring process. 1) The organizational mechanism is nuclear, flattening the structure and flexibility of the Department of Enterprise.
Under this flat + platform operating model, strategic decision-making is to be implemented with a short landing path, feedback on city-level issues and a corresponding speedier approach to corporate consumer-centred strategies. Corporate governance is a career manager model, and Chairman Hongbo joined the company in 1992, and senior managers and decision-making teams have a long-term strategic perspective.
2) Smaller businesses, more online channels, and more diversified product-type structures reduce risks. Digitally driven channel management inevitably leads to a streamlining of the channel level, with firms replacing sales companies with digital tools to manage downstream customers.
Improved direct control of the terminal. According to the channel model, America’s distributor structure does not have a high share of major players, it has a stronger voice in the channel before the digitalization reform, and therefore, in the process of cutting down the channel level, the distributor’s profit margin has been overshadowed.
In the product structure, the early development of different household electrical classes in the United States was 45 per cent of the revenue from air-conditioning operations in 2010, the right (98 per cent of the revenue from the simultaneous gravitational air-conditioning) and the small household electrical class 20 per cent plus the individual channel.
Less affected; at the same time, the diversification of product structures has forced companies to use digital tools to achieve different sectors. Figure 58: United States distributors have a large number of small businesses, with less cost-cutting in the transition of channels. Figure 59: United States product structure diversified, with small household power as a proportion of 25 per cent in 2010
3.3.2 Beverage: Digitalized into a "first hand" project, which further magnifies the advantage of the channel; year-round import of the erp system and operation of the topgp (with employee incentive mechanisms), which achieves in-house information.
In 2018, “One dollar “enjoy” was introduced to achieve bc integration and channel order management. 3) In 2019, the digitized production line was transformed by a combination of five yards that enabled the product to be digitized throughout the supply chain.
By digitizing the product and channel system, pelicans can accurately record and track the flow of information for each product, observe the cost and bottle of data for each end in a timely manner, enable the basic operation and distribution platform of the entire daily sales team to communicate information and improve management efficiency.
Homes (the Red Bulls of Wabing and Tianxing are expected to be the largest single-food beverages enterprise in the country in 2025 (the country’s 4 million terminals). At the same time, the doppelganger automatically generates a route of business visits digitally, manages and controls daily sales orders and stock management and significantly improves the flow rate.
The turnover rate is 14.4 times/year, well above the average of 5.4 times/year in the beverages industry. Figure 61: The number of east pelican terminals has increased rapidly.
The barriers lie in the heart, in the director’s personal involvement in digitizing the “one hand project” – with a strong strategic fix, while flat-down channels reduce the educational costs of the channel and refine management capabilities to ensure that the channel is better. Of course, attention should also be paid to the growth potential of energy beverages and the pattern of competition that also provides a quality soil for digitizing costs.
1) Leveraging channel management capabilities to ensure that the channels are different.
Accurate investment in digital education and fees for channels. For example, during the monolithic application, consumers buy two bottles of beverages, end shop owners get $1 more, postman and wholesaler have corresponding incentives.
Financial resources are introduced into growth markets after the dominant regional mode of running.
2. High energy-drinking and competitive patterns, with a magnifying effect on digital costs. The digitalization + monogamous applications quickly capture consumers’ minds, and the expansion of the end-doors is also based on an energy-drinking business model with a low price per guest and a wide audience, with a "sallow lipstick" in the context of a slowdown in macroeconomic growth.
Domestic energy beverages competed for red cow only (price misalignment), linguist (regional misallocation), high repurchase, high sticky features of the super-package class, which allows for the rapid accumulation of consumer assets at the end of the period, giving rise to a strong share of the current region; and refined and refined through a digital system after the strength of the share has been consolidated.
Cost-saving investments, optimized channel incentives to compete for a consistent shift in share. 3.4 The digitalization of the cellar was difficult and correct, and the results gradually became evident in 3.4.12024, with precision driven to the ground in 2025.
In 2024, the company used the concept of “digital thrust, bottle opening, crowning” to increase the number of consumers, deflate the stock, and divide the channels. In Sichuan Snags, part of the conduits gradually found their own path of excellence.
Over-breathing terminals/clients - encouraging bottle-scanning - getting incentives (real-time feedback) - getting market fees - motivational boost - further promotion and hospitality maintenance, forming a positive cycle with channel profits even higher than in the past. Terminal maturation, with consumer assets growing steadily. 1.16 million valid and certified terminal sites in 2024.
52% increase, with over 700,000 bottle open terminals and 6,000 strategic retail terminals contributing 30% + sales, and positive feedback in digital mode. Members have a total assets of 3,768,000 people/upgrade 60%, with 38% open bottle and purchase-type members, and companies can better track their user portraits, as consumers open bottles and sweep codes.
Data on purchase channels, consumption scenes, preferences for participation activities, etc. Table 8: Digitalization systems optimized in 2024, multiple core indicators optimized Digitalization of 6 indicator aids, 5 code terminal coverage, consumer bottle-opening, end-user sweep, scene-covering, off-site sweep
Five-yard product terminals fully online, five-yard-one product, 132,000 active terminals, +65.5 per cent, more than 40 million bottles per year open, 700,000 bottles open, 10 million consumers open, 40-50 per cent effective open, 40 per cent effective, overall 40 per cent open, and a steady increase in consumer openings per month.
The year 2025 is defined as a “digitalized landing year”, which further addresses the pain spots and strengthens the relationship between firms. 1) Improved client ratings, mobilizing the resources of 306 urban clients across the country, achieving consumer fragmentation, graded maintenance and management; 2) optimized channel policies, increased incentives for distributors, endpoints and means of testing, and promoted distributors and terminals.
Alliances, to boost the motivation of the channels; 3) Business people to make the market base work extremely, leading the terminal to transform, distribute, and make the terminal earn money.
Optimizing b-end policy: prior allocation of resources based solely on open bottle data. Business personnel still need to be motivated: digital system scale of brand sales; financial security from exclusive companies.
Large differences in end-to-end individuality, with better end-to-ends going into value, are just a tool to get the market base done, chained; end diversification incentives and cost allocation have been increased since 2025: 1)
Quantifying client indicators, building svip: used to be a hard-line indicator.
Version 2.0 of the well-dwelling scheme: connects consumers - locates them according to their class assets and puts them in the business-brand, looking for growth points in the south-west region.
Quantified targets were further emphasized in 2025, and the competition was consumed according to the battle at the mid-centane high-end restaurant.
Don't stand for the conversion of consumption and the resource shop to make sure he's a profit-optimal peg.
Terminal construction, lbs current, new ways of channeling information, business people follow shop; 2) catering is not a national cellar customer.
I'm going to build up the business capacity by adding points, and I'm going to do it mainly through my shop as a second salesman, and I'm going to buy kpi, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
Consumer scavengers, red bags instead, are better able to secure consumption. Goods can be double-scaved: 3) the post-war area buys power and has different maintenance habits.
Leave one person with statistics and a clean cash reward; 4) go to follow-up interactions and fissions to achieve a full change. Matches: Distributors Review: Results + Process Examination, see how much consumption has been made
How many fort terminals have been completed with the availability of consumer data, according to the number of users and the number of channels involved in communication meetings. Marketing moves that provide genuinely high-quality uniforms to core consumers
The task at the district and district levels is at least 50 million.
3.4.2 Organization, management, support, digital development space. Why do we think the old cellars can be digitalized before the industry? How do we see the growth space created by digital engineering? Intuitive effects are digital tools that strengthen the management of upstream and downstream links, improve operational efficiency, and enhance efficiency?
The essence behind the digitalization of marketing is the improvement of client capabilities and the scientificization of marketing decisions, with the long-term dual effect of opening sources and winding down. 1) Increased productivity and operational efficiency.
When a lighthouse plant is built, when the company’s production capacity is stable, improved packaging, storage and transport efficiency can reduce human costs and significantly improve production efficiency; while capital expenditure is amortized to the cost end with depreciation, the phase of income stabilization growth has little impact on cost rates.
The redevelopment of the production line is at a later stage than the digitalization, and we believe that the white wine class is mature, branding is basic, and that after completing the conversion of the production end, the cellars have a scale effect, or they can concentrate on the marketing of the elites against the digitalization and c-end cultivation of the marketing.
Barriers to improving the management of corporate channels and obtaining real images of consumers. In a consumer-centred shift, traditional distributors are bound to go through a profit-making phase and move from consumer to consumer-driven convergence, and we believe that the cellars are superior to other wine factories in terms of the fact that they constitute a medium-sized business.
Less high, relatively less resistance to reform; 2) product layouts with less impact on individual phasers; 3) firm has begun to tighten control of channels and direct control terminals during the three-yard period, distributors have adapted to costs 2) resettling of consumer assets and increasing sales of anti-breathing
The company invests in intellectual production, big data models, etc., to make its own transition from a “manufacturing” to a “technology” enterprise, which allows for the expansion of new intellectually productive enterprise client resources in the form of technical cooperation, and the development of science and technology opinion leaders.
The company works with the Triad across the border, and in May, experts on tvp and the national cellar interacted on a state-of-the-art basis. The digital management supports the expansion of the flow, and digital decision-making builds consumer models. As we mentioned earlier, consumer bargaining has increased in the current cycle, the properties of white wine in general have been enhanced, and the alcohol industry has generated income models from "single traders"
Transitioning to a single customer. We deconstruct sales into flows, conversion rates, unit prices, and multiplying the repurchase frequency. Digitalized run-off contributes to the chain. 1) With regard to stock flows, we integrate and analyse multi-dimensional data such as consumer territory, purchase time, consumption scenes, etc., and build consumer models.
Tier-level management is called different services, increasing individual contribution. 2) In the area of incremental traffic, expanding the number of end-points to digitally manage “1-10” and fine-tuning the cost-disbursing strategy. 3) In the area of anti-breeding decision-making, insight into trends in consumer lifestyles, planning for possible new demand points, pre-positioning of new items, creation
We believe that digital reform is not simply a system-building and application, but that the demands on organization and management remain high, such as the need for more professional operators.
In addition to the digitalization of channels, such as product entry, shop-scanning, consumer tracking, etc., there is still a great deal of market-based work to do; the huge and specialized ground sales team of the cellar itself supports the digitalization of the closed ring, which has accelerated, and the company’s year-end recognition conference has created such awards as the “King of Soldiers” to motivate business people.
Digital reform has high cost budget demands, the cellars have two powerful markets, Sichuan and Hebei, and digital marketing provides fertile soil, and phased high personnel and high cost inputs (wartime models) are expected to achieve better cost-effectiveness ratios, and later, with mature experience and brand radiation, are expected to open up to other markets.
Four big prices, one-size-fits-all, one-size-fits-all, and one-size-fits-all: looking at the future of the company, the layout of the product, and the regional expansion. On the product, the high state cellar holds prices steady at a thousand-dollar position, and the low state cellar has an advantage over the low-valued world.
In the region, short-term firms still maximize their cost-effectiveness by focusing on Kawasaki-Haobei, consolidating the core market terminals by 2.0 in 100 cities, and releasing stocks for medium- and long-term procyclical periods. 4.1 Product grab: cellar, capricious double wheel drive, multipriced with strong competitive edges
4.11 High-level guests: 1,000-bit price increases, 52-degree-priced 1573 products are solid, 1,000-bit-phased adjustments are low, and there is a long-term basis for growth. We measure the size of the White Wine kilo-bit market in 2024 at about $90 billion (statement calibre) and the volume of sales is about 5.46 million tons.
The demand for long-term scenarios (business, gifts, etc.) is expected to continue the pressure trend. For the long term, 1,000-bit prices are expected to continue to have a high rate of kinetic energy: 1) Business scenes are adjusted over several years, with greater macroeconomic warming and demand repair, while high-end consumption of white wine is highly correlated with the increase in total gdp, which is expected to increase by 2030
Figure 74: The 1,000-bit price increases are minimal, and there is still a long-term mass rise in kinetic power, the competitive pattern shuffling, and the future share is a test of the combined capacity of the alcohol industry. According to the competitive pattern, the five-point share of the 2024 white wine kilobit is further consolidated: the 1935 plate is down.
In the process, the price of a thousand-dollar package, such as the accelerator, the accelerator, has dropped considerably; the rest of the accelerator is itself running a weaker brand with high-priced brands, with channels and terminals in the lower cycle giving top-level brands; and if the 1,000-bit belt is strictly limited to more than $800, the current eighth-generation five-generation food fluids and five-generation fluids.
As we look at future patterns, we believe that the fragrance/regions will no longer be a shield, and that high-end prices will be tested, taking root down through products, services, channels, expanding the consumer base, marketing under 1935.
When the base is in place, 43 degrees of flying will take a 1,000-bit share; 2) 20 centimeters of wine and green flowers will be used in business scenes.
Costiers’ intellectual strengthening of their high-end brands requires upward and downward crowding through cultural output, channel reform, consumer repositioning, and so on. Each has its own focus, and the old cellar has its advantages in value chain management efficiency and multiple landscapes, and we still have it.
Look at the growth of the high cellars: Prices: Digital tools are more powerful than supply and demand management. Over the years, the high cellars have adopted a policy of tight price-fixing with P5 and a small multi-frequency price increase; they have adopted an all-price model on the channel, through cost incentives and countervailing.
To ensure, for example, that distributors have a greater margin of profit than competition, and that regulatory controls are put in place at the right time, depending on the market supply and demand situation, and that the value chain is stabilized. Digital tools are equipped to further enhance the efficiency of companies in maintaining market order, to fine-tune supply and demand to individuals, and to help the system to evaluate and pay more precisely; and to move below demand.
Quite a bit: the share of the advantaged regions has risen again, and nationalization has continued to grow. Currently, the high-level cellar is still in the south-western region, where the sales base is smaller in China, China, China, and the East, among others. Nationalization penetration remains empty.
In the current phase of shrinking demand for white wine across the country, priority is given to the market of the pavilion barns, such as Chengdu and its surroundings, to rapidly cover blank terminals through well-dwelling, conference warfare, etc., with a further increase in the share of the country's customers receiving around $2.1 billion in 2024, with over 40 per cent of the city's share and over 60 per cent of the opening rate. 2) Long-term companies will continue to follow suit.
The potential market break-through, the growth market has expanded in ideas such as the consolidation of the high-rise state cellar in the north of Hunan lake, and the introduction of a matrix for the development of the national cellar plus other priced products (the 100-city plan) in priority local cities across the country, with warmer demand and still room for expansion.
4.12 Low state cellars: White wine is very low, 38 are highly competitive, and the trend towards low white wine has continued in the age of rational drinking. In recent years, the trend of low white wine has accelerated, with about 77% of white wine consumers in 2024 prefering 35-49 degrees of medium- and low-level white wine.
Support for the development of diversification, fashionization, individualization, low-level white wine products: 2) the product itself has a lower alcohol content than the high alcohol content, reduces the harm done to the group after drinking and meets the health demands of people over the age of 40; 3) coupled with eight generalizations, consumer demands for rational drinking in official settings such as political and business exchanges: 4)
There is an increase in the consumption of children under the age of 30 and women, at a low level, in line with their preference for easy freedom. At the end of the supply, the head alcohol industry has also increased its support for low- and medium-level products, such as 39 degrees, 5 degrees, the 38-degree cellar is growing faster than average, and the number of mainstream singles, such as insignia, wine, etc., is also in the 40-plus medium range: the Main White, Yellow, 2025.
The low- and medium-level drinking areas are dominated by Ping Lu and Huadong, where alcohol consumption is high and production style is soft. In the low- and medium-level drinking areas, alcohol consumption is higher per capita, such as Anhui, Heilongjiang, Hebei, Shandong and Jiangsu, where alcohol consumption is higher than the national average.
The consumption scene consists mainly of business exchanges (Wahdong), public feasts (North-East and North-East) and out-of-town dinners, and the amount and frequency of wines determines the drinking habits that are dominated by low levels. Moreover, the Anhui and Jiangsu White wine districts are located in a soft, climate-friendly, wine-producing, and therefore the main product.
Focused on 40-50 degrees. Figure 81: Medium- and low-drinking areas where the 38-degree cellars are marketed earlier than 1573 and operate in a differentiated area with high-yielding products, are now in place in the main distribution area
The core advantage of a stronger brand mind is the quality of the product itself and the operational advantage of the channel. At the same time, the company has completed research and development and stocking of the 28-degree cellar, placing it on the market; the low series of cellars in the future is expected to take advantage of the low-intensity trend to re-enhance its market share.
The wine factory has been studying the low-degree market since the 1980s. The ethyl esters of butate in the strong white wine promote solubility between alcohol and water. The 38-degree cellar uses adsorption filters to hysteria, optimise the microbiological environment and enhance the taste of the product by using the "old wine + process innovation" method.
With regional advantages and the ability to operate through sophisticated channels, products are expected to accelerate their release. In 2004, companies began to raise their capacity in the Hebei region, targeting such business scenes as Tangshan and Stadium;
The annual Innovative Channel Operating Model (Yuquan) has created a market for the power of the big business; the 2015 adjustment period has been geared to fine-tuning regional management; and over the years, a strong share has emerged in the 600+-bit belt of Hebei. We believe that low-profile wine is still essentially operating nationwide at high-line, sub-high-end prices.
Liquor control and organizational management, the low state cellars are relatively stable at Hebei's price plate, operating to the point where the product channel is still more profitable than the same-priced competition, and the product will continue to be released; and in Hebei's maturity tests are expected to be replicated in other areas, such as Kyoto, Shandong and Zhejiang, to support medium- and long-term dimensions of growth.
With the gradual recovery of economic activity, the white wine will continue to grow by $500-800, and there will still be opportunities for the low price of the cellars. The year 2018-2021 will be accompanied by an increase in the consumption of white wine and high-end demand spillovers, with 500-800 high-end prices fast, weaker business demand, higher-high-end price differentiation, higher brand power monolithic shares, and new entrants.
And since the second half of 2024, around $600 prices have been growing in supply-driven terms: 1) the decline in the price of huts 1935 has resulted in the reduction of most of the high-end large monolith survival spaces to below $800; 2) the increase in the price of the public scene, the increase in the capacity of the region for deep-drinking, and the acceleration of 300-500 dollars to push the liquor industry into higher prices.
4.1.3 Silves series: Volkswagen price growth is becoming more resilient, capricious, multi-priced and mature, with national + regional brands leading to competition. We measure downgraded demand and rising demand for feasts, higher than industry average, 100-300 public consumption scenes.
The price belt is still the backbone of the market, under the pressure of the year’s external environment, and will be fully absorbed in the long term by mid-to-low-end price escalation, demand expansion, and internal growth in the price belt will gradually shift to sub-high. The trend has evolved that the current 100-500 dollar pattern of national large monolithic plus regional wine monolithic competition has been compared with brand mind.
The company is clearly driven by two wheels, and the center is being strengthened. The old Qingzhou Quixiang Quixiang Quixiang Quixiang Quixiang Xi Quixiang Quixiang Xi Xi, Quixiang Xi, Quixiang Xi Quixeng Xi, Quixeng Quixeng Xin Xi, Quixeng Xi Xi, Quixeng Xi Xi Xi Xi, Quixeng Quixeng Xi Xi Xi, Quixeng Xi Xi Xi, Quixeng Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Qi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Ximin Ximin Xi Xi Xi Xi X
In the last century, alcohol was placed on a broader consumer base; when the cellar was put on the market, the song skews, channels, resources concessions, etc.; after a long adjustment, the company emphasized a two-wheel drive strategy, with product positioning and prices largely cleaned up in mid-2021 and into the long run.
(i) Release 60 has a genetic and channel base for quality products, operating steadily and sustaining product growth. *The company launched special 60 in 2014 with a price belt of $400-500 (80th edition of the special in the same year, with a price of $500-600), with a package that focuses on “recording”, “remems”, and a product that recovers its early classics.
In 2022, the company again pushed the special 60-editing dress (R60) to expand the market segment. The 60-editing was relatively restrictive in terms of access, with long-term growth.
Industry depth adjustment cycles, with a view to sustaining the scarcity of product positioning and price-fix stability, are used only in band buying channels. In 2018, the 60th edition of the company architecture was perfected, the nostalgia companies began to nationalize the layout, adherence to the business model, incorporation into the city union, tight control of price systems and profit distribution programmes, and stabilization of value chains;
In 2021, the company further liberalized the channel of circulation in the Kawasaka region (the “Three Nuclear Multi-Level” Market), and the previous group purchased the slogans of political and business opinion leaders and products, which, despite a small drop in the price of the batch after the circulation, stabilized at $400 co-prices above the bid.
The market is concerned that the 60th edition of the Conservative Channel of the special over the past 2-3 years, while the 400-bit price belt is fast growing, has missed growth opportunities, and the swords of swords in the southern spring and the 20th of gin and wine, respectively, have gained a fast share in the feast and in the commercial market. We believe that in the adjustment cycle of demand, the company has kept the product and the market intact.
Support has also created a consumption climate; looking ahead to the next 60 editions with a longer life cycle, and with the resumption of business scenes, 60 editions will continue to be one of the corporate growth catchers.
From 2018 onwards, the channel was gradually imported into circulation (south-west only) and the product was upgraded.
Production: Launched in 2014 under industry pressure Organization: Nostalgia Alcohol Marketing Company as a company channel in 2018 Upgraded in 2019 to include the group purchase model
The 60th edition of the special, the product orientation is one of the top five branding companies. The 60th edition of the special is gradually being imported into the capital.
In 2021, further improvements were made to the distributioner layout and to the pilot operation of the market-deep-farming region ' s distribution channels: by 2018, only in the Kawasaka region.
• Channels: the traditional distribution channels in the Kawasaka region use “limits” to ensure the stability of the price of the product after entry into the channel.
Quota policy, which determines distributors according to historical trends
Immobilize, upgrade the packaging and improve the price, promote the price of the price, and the business leaders respond to the call for savings under the three-principal limit: at the same time, through quotas.
Upgraded; backbone clients continue to be based on a consortium model based strictly on federal supply prices. Regionally: Southwest: implementation of the “tri-nuclear multipolar” base city
Purchase price, retail price level 3 sales, prohibition of circulation through other channels, control to ensure profit and thrust of distributors, and introduction of a "drink ticket" purchase system to qualify
The field, the tritons of Chengdu, Chongqing, Kyongzhou, is so much the same as the coalition profit-distributors that are implementing corporate standards, the effects of starvation marketing.
Yang, Nanchang, Leishan, Utsijiang: The National Union of Dealers, “The Time” is based on the core opinion of the leader on the product: the year price for the 60th edition of the specialism in 2021.
High-efficiency and precision marketing. Red 60 was launched in 2022, but it did not operate on a large scale. (2) The old adage runs up the price, fully combing the channel, and there is room for growth when the adjustment is in place.
In 2016-2017, the company made small, fast price increases for the old word, along with various channels such as stoppages, ad hoc price appraisals, terminal quota systems, price double-tracking, and recommended a breakthrough in retail prices at the end of 2019.
Since 2021, the beat of the old word has slowed in order to drive stock degeneration and a return to value. As a result of faster price increases and parallel problems in the industry, dealers and terminal stocks have accumulated higher; 2021h2 drops in bulk prices as external demand weakens.
The chain is at the core, with a focus on marketing boosts and inventory degeneration; and a further online digital tool management channel in 2023. Following continuous adjustments, the current price of the old word batch is stable at around $230-240, stock is at a reasonable level, and the channel (3) is developing at a different point, with a focus on promoting a 60-year price rise.
The cellar age series was launched in 2011 to fill the gap in the price bands between the state cellar and the specials, with products of 30, 60, 90 years of age, covering 200-600 price bands, mainly for 60 years.
It is worth noting that in 2023, with the fall in consumption in the white industry, there was an increase in the demand for sub-high-end downs, that the cellars were better marketed in the north and east of China in 30 years, and that companies were increasingly focusing on the wrong development strategies of the cellar age series and the feature series.
The tweep series of district masters, the more silt age of coastal areas, the construction of their own strong areas based on the consumer base; marketing, where the scaffolding age is distinguished from the "first-use wine of the business elite" of the song's main caterers, restaurants, drinking, etc., captures the rejuvenation and quality expression; and on the price, the focus is on raising the price for 60 years.
The current sales volume is expected to be $1.82 billion, with a smaller size, and companies respect consumer demand for market fillings; there is also room for volume in the series following the upgrading of business activity. Figure 96: 53-year-old cellars 30/60/90 price
Fig. 97: Swede wine increases costs in the light season (4) and the black caps respond to changes in the external environment as a complement to the big light bottle strategy.
The quality continues the company’s savory, pure and mouth-sense alcohol, with a high price. After the last round of deep adjustment, the company focused on low- and middle-end products, with no headlines and no excess resources; the industry environment has seen a decline in business consumption and a rise in consumer quality prices in recent years.
The trend, leading-channel stock is largely adjusted, the company is going down, and the channel is going down, sharing the black caps, the high-light bottle, which is another company's big Takey product, which was upgraded to pure food and wine after the launch of the 2021 New State Bill. The company at the beginning of the black cap gave a lot of hope, but the price was around $80.
These years, as a result of the downgraded consumption environment and low consumer awareness, sales have generally performed, more generally, as the dominant single item of the company’s big light bottle strategy. During the period of spring sugar in 2025, the company launched a re-engineer 2 with a price of $65, with a more depressed price belt that fully meets the consumer’s demand for food rations.
After that, the black cap, the new diagonal, which has the advantage of packaging young, quality taste, fine channeling, and digitalization, is expected to grow as the consumption of light bottled wine rises. The old cellar in Chenzhou is a brand-new strategic monolith, based on the new strategy of the old cellar company in Chenzhou.
In the old cellars of the state, 91.3% of the industry's old pool resources are based on the core values of pure grain solid fermentation, luxuries transfer techniques, very simple environmental concepts, and the value poles of high-quality light bottle guides.
In the old cellar, under the creative industrial “shelter-drawn” technique, it was manufactured by Chinese engineers and experts from the Chinese Liquor Industry Association, and it reached the level of quality of cellar-breeding over 30 years old.
4.2 Regional expansion: Sichuan, Hebei Base Markets, with space for national expansion. Current inter-firm inter-regional developments are more uneven, and nationalization has a stronger procyclical character. Reverse history, when the white industry is up, the company grows faster across the country.
High-end push, and so on, has led to a more rapid increase in the valuation. As a result of a 10-year build-up of white wine gold with a “4 trillion” stimulus in 2008-2010, the cellar has benefited from a rapid rise in industry prices, while companies have used the spring model to bind large-scale business interests to nationalization;
In 2015-2017, when the industrial depths were adjusted, consumption rose again, and the cellars were hit high and back to high prices, especially the rapid start of the recovery of the Chinese region (the Henan region and the two lakes contributed more) and became a high-sheltered main market area. On the other hand, during the low-down phase of the wine industry, the main market was the main market.
And it's more resilient, mainly because of the high level of brand awareness and communication, and it's possible to take the lead in the new cycle, where demand shrinks focus on resources to run the two grain barns in the southwest and north of the country, and to maintain high-end, low-end state cellars, which we believe will be restored after the business scene is finally rejuvenated.
4.11 The Sichuan and Hebei markets have a solid consumer base, deep-farming, sinking and raising their share, and Sichuan as an absolute base market, with market expansion plus corporate shares rising to support growth. We believe that companies are supporting growth.
The central advantage of Kawachi is that during the last round of the deep adjustment cycle, the cellars concentrated their resources into the capital (highland market), several rounds of readjustment, high branding, and so far they have accumulated a strong brand awareness (almost flat to above five grain fluids), and the cellars are leading the way, and they are capable of radiating to popular prices and markets around them, such as the special 60.
Space outlook: In 2024, Sichuan people had an disposable income of $34,000, equivalent to the national average of 20-21 years, and the overall increase in consumption remained the main driving force. In terms of sales, Sichuan food and alcohol consumption accounted for the bulk of the consumption expenditure.
More than the entire country, white wine penetration is higher in political commerce, feasts, and self-drinking, and the medium-term dimension of consumption is not likely to decline. Assuming that Sichuan revenues are raised to the current level in the country over three years, the white wine market will be set at an ideal size of 60 + billion yuan, and the cellar will further upgrade its management of terminals and consumers through digital projects.
It is expected that its influence will increase even further at a thousand-dollar price, while its medium- and high-priced quality products will be supplemented by its own consolidation. Figure 101: Measuring the size of the Sichuan White Wine Market at 60 billion yuan, the national cellar brand of the entire radiation department, further raising the company's share of revenue. Price: Equivalent income per person.
At the country's level in 2021, food smoke, alcohol consumption expenditure and national parity; subsequent income growth led to an increase in average prices.
Quantities: White wine consumption per capita is higher, political business is less restricted, and the general public consumes more frequently and alcohol.
• Measurement: adjusted to the national average per capita disposable income level to maintain the consumption of tobacco and alcohol as a proportion of the population, with the same number of persons able to drink, equal to four
The size of the market is 60 + billion yuan. The share of the department is expected to rise again: 1) as consumption rises to a thousand-dollar ratio, the national cellar.
Brand marketing drives penetration; 2) high price in brand radiation, and the special + headlines + black caps are expected to be half.
Hebei’s share of the low cellars is solid, and it is expected to recover + the increase in prices. Historically, companies have operated through low product catch, precision of channels, etc., and Hebei has now become another major grain warehouse market, with the low cellars at more than US$ 500, at 40%, serving as a second-high lead.
Over the medium and long term, the rise in disposable income and the recovery of the consumption landscape have been accompanied by a more certain trend towards structural upgrading. Space outlook: assuming three years of rising disposable income for Hebeis at the national level, per capita consumption has taken place.
It is expected that repairs will be low, corresponding to the size of the Hebei White Market, which is more than $40 billion; and that at all price levels, the Xiangzhou cellar has developed a single self-sustaining boxing product that can grow, seepage in the context of the fine management of channels and digital growth of consumers.
At 2021 levels, the main consumption price of white wine was $50-150, compared to the average for the last three years: higher per capita consumption of white wine, public arenas
It's a habit to drink. The amount of alcohol in the current government business is at a historically low level, followed by a recovery space: • Measurement: average disposable income per person in the country.
The level, the proportion of spending on tobacco and alcohol has been adjusted to remain the same among the drinking population, corresponding to the 40-billion-dollar white wine market in Hebei.
In the old cellar, prices are growing rapidly, and all the prices are in the hands of the leaders of Hebei City, which is expected to cost them.
4.1.2 Nationalization progresses steadily, with multiple products active, and end-combined liftings. According to the company's “235+100” strategic plan, the two main base markets in the south-west and north-west of the country are ploughing, creating three strategic markets in the east, south-east, and central China, and breaking through five influential high-lying markets (Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Chengdu, Wuhan).
In 2017, the company launched a long triangle break-up as an important strategy for the Eastward advance, based on the dominant regions of Lake Kaa, Shanghai, Zhebei, and Su.
The South Highlands market, which went from the model market to the lower cities; and China’s revenue growth in 2017-2022, led the whole group. The company’s core, with weak demand (the East’s sensitivity to economic adjustment) since 2023, has been digitized as a tool to promote sales and to go to stock, although the growth slowed in 1-2 years, the firmness of the company and its focus
Customer marketing, keeping the cellar price plate stable, is still an important lead market for nationalization. We believe that the opportunity is: 1) micro-view, China East market channels are healthy and stocks have been adjusted to lower positions: distributors are more digitally accepted and there is relatively less resistance to channel transformation. 2) In Shanghai, Zhejiang, Su, watch.
South high-end white wine consumption has a better atmosphere, with a higher share of the three houses, the cellars, brand recognition (the region with the best Chinese taste) and the combination of the cellars, the finals, etc., which can maximize income-generating capacity and cost-effectiveness under digital tools.) At the macro level, in the East China District, it is possible to maximize income-generating capacity and cost-effectiveness.
In South China, a marketing center has been set up, and the product/channels have been distributed differently. In 2017, the company introduced the Eastward South Map.
In 2024, the Chinese wine market in Guangdong Province was 29.8 billion yuan, compared to 12.4%, and the old Chinese cellar set up a marketing centre to adjust sales models.
X-rays, deepening traditional channels and developing business cooperation have led to steady growth in sales performance.
China’s traditional niche markets, supported by brand perception and consumption base. The old cellars in Chenzhou entered China earlier, with a certain sales scale and consumption base, and in 2017, three provinces registered close to a third of their sales earnings.
However, adjustments were made earlier because of problems such as the construction of channels: 1) the Henan region was engaged in a war in 2020, albeit with little success in the post-2020 period, but it was optimized in terms of the structure of the channels and the manner in which consumers were raised, with the industry itself showing a tendency to recover the increase; 2) the two Lakes region enjoyed a better consumption habit of high fragrances, 2022.
The original plan followed the rise of the central region, and in recent years it has taken the initiative to develop channels and products.
As a traditional niche market for companies, China has a higher consumer awareness of cellar brands, and its innovative marketing model and consumer nurturing activities yield a higher output ratio of inputs (short-term rather than input focus): 3) Led by the power of cellar brands, there is also room for importing products.
In 2024, the company was upgraded by 2.0, compared to version 1.0, the precise input of more intensive resources and the end-of-pipe blending of liquid alcohol consumption in 2021-22, with 100 cities having increased sales through the "broadcasting" of the state cellar.
Sales per region; drops in demand for white wine in 2024 in all provinces of the country, and companies recognize that the cost of less branding is not as high as the regional cost, with 200 cities in combination with digital tools, incubating core strategic terminals to achieve “extension points”, product respect for market demand, and a combination of domestic customers plus middle-back products to strengthen local price bands.
Table 13: In 2024, the company launched the 100-city plan 2.0, which compares with phase 1.0, the consolidation of the terminals, the rapid growth of the company after the depth adjustment cycle, the return of the cellars to high-security margins, the company's active promotion of 100-city integration, and the maintenance of two-thirds of its personnel on the front line. The epidemic has a number of cities as a basis for future development, with South-East China making significant progress, the central rise, the west extension, and the present.
With the impact of phase 1.0 of the 100-city plan, the country’s economic policy has been adjusted and is recovering everywhere. The vip-consumption group, the new consumption group, and the end-system are moving fast.
There is limited scope for income growth, and companies prioritize resources in Kawasaka, the North China Base market, but also focus on strategic markets, incremental markets, and special needs. The company upgrades the 100-city plan by 2.0, integrates core terminals, incubates tactical retail terminals, and enhances the resilience of single points; and at the end upgrades, financing support, branding, tourism.
Macroeconomic growth slowed, and demographic and industrial restructuring took root. On the outside, white alcohol consumption dropped in all parts of the country, but it came back to the region’s main causes; white alcohol consumption fell back in all parts of the country, but there was one major cause; white alcohol consumption subsided in all parts of the country, with products driven from the middle waist through the brand of the country’s guest.
Overcovering, high penetration, and high-opening bottles drive the expansion of markets in the core markets and in the powerful regions of the country’s cellars. The weak regions of the waist produce much less difficult to spread if they have a strong local influence, and the potential for future high growth; and the weak markets have not given up their nurturing to do so.
The core assumptions are: short-term growth pressure, movement anchoring long-term, product and regional growth dynamics.
Reforms, regional focus on development: In essence, companies have a central advantage in managing their organizations, and are good at adapting their strategies to changes in the industry, ahead of the next round of industrial change and ahead of schedule in order to develop their reserves for the long term. The current round of digital reform drives two years, and ensures fair profits for distributors in a timely manner, in line with the external environment.
Price performance is balanced with manufacturing relationships. Short-term demand for objective environmental commerce is slowing down the growth of corporate incomes; long-term prospects are a balanced distribution of corporate products, multi-priced developments meet consumer demand, and digital engineering provides fewer channels for managing the costs of growing more consumers and prolongs growth.
Our sub-operational projections of the performance of the Penang cellar are based mainly on the following assumptions: High-end white wine (shelter series): the high-shelter value chain is relatively stable, with branding advantages such as Sichuan and Hunan, regional channels are sinking and penetration rates are expected to rise further; low-level cellar prices are high and are expected to benefit from them.
Low-level and light-business trends have led to greater nationalization. On top of this, short-term consumer repression, company owners, middle-grade white wine: companies now have strategic monolithics on the mainstream public price belts, led by the brand power of the cellar, and 100 city plans to form a combination of fists in phase 2.0, with local advantages.
More restraint, better product performance in the Kawasaka region, longer life-cycle or sub-high white wine at the national level: low-end liquor business has been dominated by streamlining sku over the past few years, industry re-alignment cycles have been fully adapted to the external environment in order to validate individual growth trends, followed by expected recovery of economic activity and the upgrading of light bottle alcohol,
Based on the digitized engineering rhythm, the peak input period for the production end construction was completed by 2021 and will be applied to the current cost in the form of depreciation. The current capital investment of the company is dominated by the smart technology re-engineering project, with a planned investment of $8.85 billion, which is expected to be invested over three years and will also be depreciated after capitalization, with little impact on the total cost;
This cost-side can be largely stable. Wide-ranging annual costs can be reduced in space or small, given short-term industry demand, high channel pressure, company or phased incremental cost inputs that maintain fair profits for distributors, and higher sales costs; and subsequent scale effects +
(2) Management cost rate: taking into account the firm's strong push for digitization reform, there is a need to invest in matching costs in the short-term, system-building, mode-run, long-term associated with improved internal management effectiveness, smooth reduction in management cost rates, projected 3) R & D cost rate: taking into account the company's ongoing digital engineering drive and new/other product-type R & D, projected
4) Taxes and surcharges: As a result of the reform of the industry consumption tax and the regularization of revenue collection, it is expected that the tax and surcharge rates will be split between our sub-groups, as shown in the table below: (a) Three stages, starting with the fcff valuation method to reflect the company ' s intrinsic value.
3 Eternity (2035): White wine consumption is both social and personal in nature, benefiting from my country’s unique culture of rituals, and the demand for white wine is more resilient. White wine, as a high-end product, is, by historical data, more powerful to raise prices and can beat inflation significantly over the same period. Second, white wine branding barriers are stronger.
On balance, we project fcff’s constant growth rate of 1.0%. Capital cost assumptions: a 10-year interest rate of 1.7% on national debt, a 7.5% equity market risk premium, and a 5.4% debt cost, based on the above assumptions, are about 8.84% in Wacc.
fcff valuation: we have chosen the fcff absolute valuation method to carry out an absolute valuation of the Wacc to 8.84 per cent and a constant growth rate of 1.0 per cent, with the company's inner value expected to be approximately $166.38-197.64 per share.
The downside of risk and growth does not mean long-term non-growth; on the contrary, corporate organization and management endowments are prominent, and the long-term phase of reform is the most likely way for the industry to make channel change, new consumer growth, digital empowerment, and, with scale effects and management gains, the net profit increase is expected to continue to materialize.
We've chosen a national and local leader, such as the Kutao, the Five Grains, the Shanxi Wine, in 2025/2026, the industry peg around 15.0/13.8x; given the company's long-term growth space, and the fact that the cellar's share of the high-end white wine can still be up and enjoy a certain growth and brand premium, which can be matched with the current valuation of the wine.
The market value is approximately 1979-224.3 billion yuan (median value approximately $211.1 billion) and the “better than the big market” rating is maintained. 5.3 Financial analysis: robust growth in performance, significant cost control and profit advantages 31.19 billion yuan per year + 3.19 per cent per year.
Ten thousand tons per year + 14.39%; high-end wine cellars are still important in high-end markets, deep-farming niche markets; channels are encrypted, with a projected 65% share of the state cellar brand revenue +; the middle-story series has grown faster in recent years. Other alcohol groups have generated $3.467 billion per year + 7.15% per year through the continuous enrichment of product lines and sales of 60.8 million tons per year.
Net interest rate hikes slowed down and overall profitability was higher than industry. In 2024, companies continued to drive supply-chain figures, and the company’s Māori ratio was second only to that of Guizhou, where it was more efficient to operate. The cost dimension, through sophisticated marketing and channel strategies in recent years, continued to increase the efficiency of marketing scale effects and channel management; although the white industry needed it.
In the context of the continued contraction, the alcohol industry’s increased cost input boosts marketing, and the company’s cost was relatively high, with sales falling to a relatively low industry rate of 11.34 per cent in 2024. At the net interest rate level, the net interest rate of the company reached figure 111: the company’s Māori rate is only lower than that of Kotao in Guizhou in 2024.
The company's cash flow is healthy and guarantees its productive activities. At the end of 2024, the company's cash and cash equivalent balance stood at 3,368 million yuan per year + 28.87 per cent, providing good security for the company's productive activities and the distribution of equity.
In terms of operating activities, the cash received in 2024 for the sale of goods and the provision of services was RMB 4036 million per year + 26.74 per cent, maintaining a steady performance. In terms of financing activities, the company obtained good money through low-interest bank loans and financial management (phase I), with a budget investment of RMB 4.78 billion, which is currently 23 per cent complete and is expected to be completed in August 2026.
Capital spending will remain stable over the next few years, and corporate cash flows will remain a source of dividends. 5.4 Investment proposals: proactive adjustment for a long-term period, or greater demand for the current round of industrial adjustment, which will influence the price performance of large single-shelter cellars, while firms themselves move into a phased adjustment.
We believe that market pricing based on short-term increases is biased, that companies are actively de-routing in the context of the current weak industry climate, that consumers are central to the digital transformation and forward-looking product layout, and that there is a common understanding of the comparative advantage of management; that the current level of Pe is nearing early 2013 levels, both at the operational and investment levels
Competing barriers: Management of endowments, full-value product layout. Companies in the industry are management-driven, organizing and channeling core advantages, with two rounds of historical restructuring leading to a breakdown through deep reforms. Corporate organization mechanisms are marketed, incentives are available, large and specialized sales teams are market-opening, and organizational strength underpins fine-tuned management models of channels.
Digitally speaking, the technology supply chain has been enhanced, with consumers at the centre of the competition barrier. For the last two years, the white industry has raised the barriers to competition.
Channels accelerate the transformation, and c-end speech power rises, from high-speed growth of online channels gmv to high-power immediate retailing to entry, forcing liquor companies to diversify and flatten the layout channels. Taking into account the transformational experience of beautiful groups, dopium beverages, digitization is a necessary tool to drive the dtc process, allowing flexible organizational mechanisms and streamlined channels to give way.
The “reshaping channels” has been better promoted since the 14th of May. Companies have used technology to supply supply chains, produce end-records, cut-off points, channels to improve management efficiency, large models of consumer-side construction needs, 2024 core terminals + 40%, member assets + 60%; and short-term companies have been flexible in adjusting their digitalized profit-splitting models and care channels.
At the product level, the high cellars have stabilized prices and share advantages, with economic repair and volume growth in space, and low-price prices are high and are expected to be achieved.
At the regional level, short-term companies are still maximizing the cost-effectiveness and medium- and long-term connectivity of the Tiancheng, Huabei Grain Market.
Investment proposal: short-term pressure does not change long-term growth dynamics and maintains a “better than the big market” rating. Considering short-term lines, p/e. Given companies’ proactive adjustment earlier than industry, multi-priced products are configured to nurture consumers with digital tools.
We have adopted absolute and relative valuation methods that combine multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company ' s free cash flow in the coming years, the calculation of weighted average capital cost (wacc), the assumption of tv and the selection of comparable valuation parameters of the company, all of which have been integrated into many individual judgements, leading to valuation deviations.
(b) We assume that the weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm's absolute valuation, assuming a risk-free rate of 1.7 per cent and a risk premium of 7.5 per cent in the calculation of Wacc, and that there may still be low estimates or take values for these parameters,
We assume that the company ' s tv growth rate will be 1.0 per cent over the next 10 years, that the industry in which the company is located may change more negatively over the next 10 years, and that the company ' s continued growth is actually low or negative, leading to high corporate valuations.
In terms of relative valuation, we have selected comparative valuation indicators for liquor companies like or close to the company ' s business, such as the Guizhou duo, the Five Grains, the Shanxi Liquor, etc., and have selected the comparative value of the average pere in 2026 as a reference, taking into account the company ' s growth space and management capacity and giving it a certain amount on the basis of industry averagepe
Price premiums may not take sufficient account of the market and the industry’s overall risk of overvaluation. And the risk that prices are expected to be optimistic, leading to an overestimation of performance over the next three years.
The recovery of the needs of the white wine industry, especially in the wake of macroeconomic warming, has increased and is uncertain. The national cellar system currently accounts for about 65% of the company’s revenue, at a higher price.
The company’s organization relies on management’s strategic determination and enforcement, the company’s management may change, macroeconomic growth is slower than expected, industrial policy adjustments affect the decline in consumption scenes and demand, and the white wine industry competes.
This is exacerbated by the limited increase in the size of the cellar at the top of the market; nationalization has advanced less than expected; digital engineering has advanced less than expected; authors have assured that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.