The user growth accelerated and the mixed dividend gradually materialized Sun Yung  Incident 1: The company issued an announcement that expected the company to move its main business revenue in the first three quarters of 2017.
It is expected to reach about RMB 117 billion, an increase of about 6.7 per cent over the same period last year.
According to the report, the net growth in mobile users was 3.981 million, while the net increase in 4g was 4.932 million. The firm firmly pushed the strategy of 212c and 2b2c to take over the market. The growth of mobile users has increased significantly: China's mobile operations have grown rapidly since 2017q3, and the number of mobile account users has increased for seven consecutive months, with the number of users growing by 3.82 million in September, reaching 3.82 million since January 2016.
More rarely, the number of users connected to 4g has increased significantly, and the absolute increase has moved beyond China for the first time, indicating a rapid increase in the competitiveness of the connected market. China’s growth in connected users has increased significantly, and is directly linked to the firm’s leadership’s efforts to promote 212c and 2b2c online sales, and the transformation of the mobile business development model.
In a competitive environment, since 2016q2, China Connect has been significantly lagging behind medium-sized mobile and Chinese telecommunications, and since the introduction of the innovative business model with Internet companies such as Batj, it has completed a touchback on user growth.
Lower, but in view of the rapid growth in traffic, connectivity will be approved through 2i2c and 2b2c targeted users that will contribute more to the company in the long term.
Obtaining a CVM endorsement means that companies can formally start a process by issuing their shares in a non-public manner, and that the dividends that companies will benefit from the mix will include: (a) a financial dividend, with companies receiving tens of billions of dollars in financial support through large-scale non-public issuances, reducing asset-liability ratios and raising profit levels by saving significant financial costs; and (b) a system reform dividend, with companies introducing strategic investors such as Batj, which will help to bring about innovation in the corporate management system through their advanced management experience and incentive systems.
Gearing up corporate efficiency; 3. Business development dividend, whereby companies rely on strategic partners to improve their capacity to open up and innovate in the city, helps to accelerate market development, achieves a higher number of high-performing, mixed-up programmes.
Users and operations. We are concerned about the marked acceleration of user growth in September, which shows that the mixed dividends of the Division are beginning to materialize and that future corporate performance is expected to continue with the number of users.
▪ Innovation cooperation is moving forward, and innovation becomes the driving force for companies in the medium to long term: when they are displaced, companies are expected to work further with strategic investors in their innovation business. The Internet is expected to continue to push ahead in areas such as retailing, home Internet, networking, cloud computing, big data, etc.; vertical industries
3. China Connect: Short-term profit-taking, increasing investment in systems integration, cdn, integrated services, etc.; financial operations focused on payments, etc. Cooperation in innovative business areas will facilitate the creation of emerging profit growth points for companies.
Imposition + 4g penetration + control Overall enhancement of corporate competitiveness in the new context. Expenditure + new business outbreak becomes performance
▪ Profit predictions and investment ratings: through the transformation of companies into state firms, the transformation of mixed ownership will bring significant new strategic opportunities for corporate development, with the mixed dividends beginning to materialize in terms of the growth in the number of users.
China Connect: Bottom of Performance + Policy Red Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board