Unpublished release successfully completed, core business growth dynamic restored Sun Yung  event: company announcements, company non-public issuances are progressing well, new shares are being issued
In addition, the Connected Group transferred nearly 1.9 billion shares to the Structural Adjustment Fund, and the Connected Group, which together held 37.70% of the stockholdings of listed companies, remained the controlling shareholder.
The completion of the development bank indicates that the mix has reached a new stage. Tens of billions of dollars have been made available, which means that the company has received two important benefits: one, that the company has received important capital inflows, which have led to a sharp drop in the pressure on the company ' s cash flow, and that there has been a marked decline in the company ' s long-term borrowing since this year, which is expected to follow.
By further reducing the amount of short-term borrowing and reducing the asset-liability ratio, the company will save considerable financial expenditure.
Millions of dollars in fund-raising will complement previous investment gaps, complete network upgrades, and enhance network competitiveness. For the 5-g era, connectivity will also be well-funded to sustain initial network deployment.
▪ Growth in income from the main business has accelerated, and the reversal of the downward trend in the arpu value has begun: China Connect has been moving rapidly since 2017q3, the number of mobile account users has continued to grow for seven months in a row, the growth of 4g users has increased markedly, and the net increase in September was the first in three operators.
Connected mobile user arpu values have risen from $46.4 to $48.4. With 1. China connectivity: user growth has accelerated, household growth has increased and the value of the arpu has risen, the company’s main business income, especially mobile main business, has increased.
The growth in revenue for business has accelerated faster than in the first half of the year, reflecting the growth of the company's core business.
Gretchen will present a major new strategic opportunity for corporate development, observing the growth in the number of users.
It is expected that the sustained drive for change, which is worth closing, and the outbreak of new business, will have a positive and sustained impact on companies, with a “buy-in” rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities and Supervisory Board, there is an advisory board on securities investment.