China Connect (600050) Communication
Events: The company issued an advance announcement on its performance in the third quarter of 2017, and the total main business revenue forecast for the first three quarters was approximately $187.79 billion, an increase of about 4.1 per cent over the same period last year, an increase of 3.2 per cent over the 3.2 per cent recorded in the first half of this year, a high growth in mobile operations and a rising profitability.
Positive growth, with income from mobile main camp operations projected at around RMB 1170 billion, up 6.7 per cent from the same period last year, rising continuously from 5.2 per cent in the first half of this year. This is mainly due to the company's transformation of mobile business development models, increasing online sales such as 212c, 2b2c, and improving the quality of new Internet users at a low user level.
The growth of mobile operations has been accelerated in the form of development costs and thin subsidies. In the first three quarters of 2017, companies moved a net increase of 1.304 million account users, reaching 277 million households, of which a net increase of 557.3 million user 4g, reaching 160 million households.
The project has been approved by the CVM, which means that a mix of changes has begun. At present, the company has engaged in substantive negotiations at the business level with four strategic shareholders: 100%, Ali, Tenteng, and Kyoutung, focusing mainly on new retailing, cloud computing, family Internet and networking, and is expected to be funded by the end of this year.
Cooperation will be comprehensive, bringing new clients and new sales growth points. At the same time, the corporate group headquarters has been streamlined, and the streamlining of subordinate local companies will continue.
• Faced with new opportunities for networking of 5g and goods, and based on de-telecommunication, co-benefits through collaborative innovation. In the upcoming 5g cycle, the company is expected to invest heavily, drawing on the experience and lessons of strategic development during the 4g period.
5g Networking, development of 5g industrial biosphere, promotion of 5g standardization and commercial applications, and significant improvement in business leadership and profitability. Companies have included the networking of goods as one of the seven priority innovations, developed a “netting platform plus” ecological strategy, and completed nb-iot pilot commercial openings in dozens of cities across the country, in the north.
Several regions, such as Kyoto and Guangdong, have launched an emtc pilot network that will enable emtc to be commercialized throughout the country next year. China Connect (600050).
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.