China Connect has entered a high-growth phase. On 19 October, China Connect issued its September Business Data Bulletin and its first three quarters of 2017, with an advance increase in performance. 10,000 households registered a high increase in the net number of mobile account users for two consecutive months, while 4g users registered a net increase this month.
In the first three quarters of 2017, China’s net profit on connectivity is expected to be about RMB 3.96 billion.
In dollar terms, there is a significant increase of about 168.4% over the same period last year, with a greater potential for growth. A significant increase in mobile user data means an increase in income and profits from subsequent mobile operations, a shift in the increase in user data as a result of a narrowing of the gap with competing players in network quality and increased connectivity.
Network company cooperation and initiatives to mix staff up are relevant, while mobile operations are now dominated by data flows, and the characteristics of data flow operations contribute to the reduction of the user gap between operators, factors that are continuing to drive the growth of mobile users: the Connect executive opened broadband operations in mid-September.
Symposium, which was an important reason for the sharp increase in the number of fixed Internet broadband users in September and which is expected to continue; in September, China Connect established the Big Data Corporation, which now has 270 million mobile subscribers and has great potential for providing mail and location-related services, while non-connected users can use it.
Communications between households and connected users provide indirect letters, and big data operations have a strong potential to increase the profitability of connectivity; and, in the light of the thin-body, streamlined institutional programme of connectivity reported in the media, the Connected High-level Team, with great courage and determination, is promoting mixed connectivity and is optimistic about the efficiency gains it brings about.
to maintain China Connect's “buy-in” rating, China's connection to mobile operations has shown high growth, China's fixed-net broadband operations have shown significant growth, big data, business growth potential is high, and the senior management team is making a great deal of determination to push for change in the terrain, resulting from the change in connectivity.
In West Side, at 28 West Rixie Street, at 1000 Hengsheng Building, Lujiang Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa, 6th tax-exempt trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
Innovative business development may not be ideal, and innovative business such as big data is new, with a low market share, a small market volume, and big rules.
The model’s roll-out found that there are still significant technical obstacles that are difficult to resolve over a period of time. The law, using legally compliant information, provides an independent and objective presentation of the report.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, nor does the reader with whom the company has no business relationship assume appropriate responsibility. This report is confidential to the company without its public disclosure or consent. If a non-corporate client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.