Reported steady growth in performance, city track + overseas operations good — mid 2025 performance rating, China General (stock code: 6880009.sh)
During the first quarter of 25 years, the company focused on + low-altitude double-tracks, and stock orders gradually turned into income, with steady growth in performance. q2 quarter performance was good, with revenues of $7,996 million, or 2.71 per cent, and net returns to mothers of $1,059 million, or 6.46 per cent;
□: lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn total contract and other operations revenue of $1.480 billion, i.e. +29.93 per cent, while overseas operations remain high
In the first half of the year, the company contracted +74.86 per cent for the high-iron renovation project and took over renovation works such as the Han subway line 1 and the Beijing subway line 5; there was a significant decline in overseas and general engineering contracting orders, mainly the company’s main focus, to accelerate its withdrawal from municipal housing.
At the technical level, the company and the faculty are structured around “low-air airspace control”, “low-air communications, perception resistance, digital bottoms, drones.”
Four coordinated 1+4 joint innovation systems. The company's low-altitude airspace smart control system and drones are able to patrol 15 platform deployments in Qingdao, Yuan, Shijia, etc.; the One-Tart One City programme has been tested on the Shinhua Railway, the All-Head Radio and Television Tower, and has been deployed in Qingjiang, Nanjing, etc.; awareness and reaction
The system was launched by Yu An, and was first used along the high iron line, with 14 units in the local ministries of Kyawjin, Long Triangle, and Kawasaka. In the field of demonstration applications, companies and Chinese companies, such as Sino-China and the Chinese Post, promoted typical applications, while expanding the scope of emergency relief, urban governance, etc., to reach out to 34 cities throughout the country.
A human flight survey serves 49 scenes. The corporate low-altitude industry is fast-growing, and with the rapid growth of the low-altitude economy, the future low-altitude business is expected to become a new growth point in the company’s performance.
The recommended ratings are maintained by multiples, 13 times, and the performance of the four-quarters has improved significantly, the performance of overseas operations has been impressive, the risk of increased competition, and the risk that overseas markets have not expanded as much as expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.