A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Yili Industrial (600887 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Shares could rally in relief on back of an in line
4Q22
Target Price
RMB44.0
(Previous TP
RMB41.5)
Up/Downside
+40.3%
We see trading opportunity on Yili into results season. This would mainly be
Current Price
RMB31.3
and 2023E), when we see subdued downside risk to current consensus estimates,
China Consumer -
and 2) a lagging valuation to peers who have already been re-rated on reopening
Food and beverages
sentiment. We argue the stock could play near term catch-up, when a likely in
line 4Q could relieve market sentiment. We are buy-rated on Yili, but prefer to
Joseph Wong
stick to CR Beer (291HK, Buy), Proya (603605CH, Buy) and CTGDF (601888CH,
Buy) as our preferred plays around this early-staged consumption-led recovery.
■ 4Q momentum showed sequential pick-up. We forecast 4Q revenue to
Stock Data
grow 6% YoY to RMB27bn. Momentum in October and November has been
weak, and a more obvious recovery has kicked-in in December. This was
driven by acceleration of liquid milk demand as a result of healthy restocking
momentum for the CNY in Jan 2023. GPM is likely to show QoQ improvement
thanks to higher gifting demand that improved sales mix. Opex ratio will
Shareholding Structure
decline YoY without much eventful spending (winter Olympic last year).
Meanwhile, we expect a flattish NPM at 8% for 2022.
2023E outlook. Overall we expect revenue growth to edge up from 2022E,
driven by accelerated liquid milk sales, from flattish in 2022 to about 5%
growth in 2023E. IMF business should remain high-growth, but from a high
Share Performance
base of 2022, we assert a 25% YoY growth for the segment. This is consistent
with management target of a 20% 4-year CAGR between 2021-25E. While
birth rate looks to have troughed, we do not expect it to rebound until late-23E.
In this case, given a muted segment growth, we would expect Yili to take up
market share from peers. For instance, Yili took up 11% of the market by end-
12-mth Price Performance
22, compared to 9% in 2021. Separately, low-temp SKU could maintain a 25-
30% YoY growth and we consider the temperature of summer this year the
major swing factor to our assumption.
Earnings change. Our 2022E estimates are largely unchanged. We have
lowered our 2023E GPM by 0.4pp and this led to a 4.2% cut in net profits.
Now, we assume Yili's net margins to expand by an average of 0.5pp over
2023-24E and this largely tallies with management's expectation.
Source: BBG
Valuation. Our new TP is based on an unchanged 25.0x rolled-forward end-23E
PE, which still benchmarks to its 3-year average. We believe our methodology
Related reports
appropriately reflects Yili's sequential recovery that begins from 4Q22.
Kweichow Moutai (600519 CH)
Proxy of China's consumption-
Earnings Summary
China Consumer - Positive
takeaway from F&B distributors;
but sector's bull-run could take a
breather from here - 31 Jan
CR Beer (291 HK) - Another
positive year for 2023; our
preferred pick for China's re-
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does
not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors
to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its
affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or
enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss,
damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information
contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information,
advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information
and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make
investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf
of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in
this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume
any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or
published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc..,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.