Beneficial HC capacity expansion with a 22% increase in net return to mother-to-child - Treasurehouse Energy Report 2020, March 11, 2021
Beneficiary HC output expanded with a 22% increase in the MN \triangleright compared to the same year. According to the company ' s announcement, the RMB 15.9 billion was raised in 2020, a 17% increase in the same year, and the RMB 4.6 billion, a 22% increase in the same year.
The rapid increase in revenue and net profit during the reporting period was mainly due to the production of 600,000 tons of methanol per year in October 2019, after the carbon gasification project. The increase in sales was 540 million tons, compared to 21 per cent in the same period, mainly due to increased production of polyolefin products, higher sales of products, transport handling costs and salaries of sales personnel.
The production of the tons/year-old hydrocarbon project, the increase in the volume of products sold, which resulted in an increase in cash inflows, coupled with the company's lowering of bank commitments, the unit's ratio of settlement of bills compared with the trend of 300 deep, which affected the increase in cash inflows. Looking forward, with the price of crude oil warming, the company's main product is maleene.
In May 2020, the import dependence on polyethylene was 46%. Domestic import dependence on polyethylene has been constant for almost a decade.
More than 40%, with a huge supply gap. Domestic imports of polyethylene in 2019 amounted to 16,66 million tons, a 19% increase over the same period; and production of polyethylene is expected to be only 24.8 million tons in 2022. Thus, the expansion of domestic polyethylene production will contribute to reducing its dependence on imports and replacing imports of polyethylene.
The increase in the production of polypropylene is mainly due to new processes such as coal-based hydrocarbons and propane dehydration. The demand for plastics and membrane below polypropylene has increased in recent years and will be new to polypropylene in the future.
The company’s cost advantages are clear, and the expansion of production capacity continues to open profitable ceilings. Since 2012, the cost of the coal-making process has been ahead of other processes.
1. In-depth report on energy wealth (600989): falling prices for Ethylene production: slower pace of project advancement.
Yang Jianxing: The Nanjing University Land Department, in conjunction with the United States Department of Chemicals, University of Rutgers, developed a PhD (Earth Detection and Information Technology, Calculating Chemical and Hydrocarbon Resources) in geochemistry. In October 2014, he joined the civil securities industry for industrial studies in the direction of petrochemicals and building materials. In 2015, the author of SkyEnds had the qualification or equivalent professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensuring that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,