Material materials to achieve negative growth at a volume supplement, with multiple ongoing projects insured with the same ratio +17.39 per cent; net return to the mother, $4.62 billion, +21.59 per cent, for the first quarter, respectively
The dollar (including taxes) is due to the company's intention to donate $300 million in cash to the Swallows Foundation, to the shareholders of the limited stock, to the shareholders of the limited stock, to compensate for the later payment of 0.26 dollars (including taxes) in each share of the limited share and 0.32 dollars (including taxes) in each share.
Shares in the Department, for future stock-holding schemes or equity incentives.
Total equity/flow (million shares) prices of main battalion products have fallen year-on-year to the second half of the year, with the recovery of the economy and demand leading to total market value/flow (millions)
The prices of the camp products rose and the same-year decline narrowed. In 2020, the average price of polyethylene was 12 months at the highest/minimum ($) average of $1158 per ton, or -0.2 per cent. At the same time, it benefited from the company ' s coke gasification system of 600,000 tons per year.
Production of 600,000 tonnes/year polyolefin in October 2019 for the post-Methanol phase of the Bulcan Energy Project (600989), energy: industry-wide chain expansion, coalification poles can grow.
In 2020, 686.2 million tons of polyethylene were sold, corresponding to +62.38%, and 63.39 million tons of polypropene were sold. Period - 2020/08/10 and +62.04% respectively, leading to a significant increase in corporate profits at a surcharge.
Newly high. As a result of rising coal self-sufficiency rates, the Māori rate for concentrated products has risen significantly, from 8.22 pct to 53.55%, although the Māori rate for both HFA products and fine chemical products has increased upstream coal self-sufficiency rates to a greater cost advantage.
In July 2020, the company obtained a mining licence for the 2.4 million tonnes/year Red Four coal mining project, which was jointly piloted in October and increased from 5.1 million tons to 7.5 million tons of coal from the company ' s coal to the raw self-sufficiency of the coal needed for the incineration of the industrial chain, which we measured to be the source of the device.
The company’s strength will expand further, as the self-production cost of coal is significantly lower than the cost of outsourcing. In addition, the Ding family coal mining project has been reviewed by the government to provide the basis for joint development with the sweet water river coal mine.
3. The continued expansion of production capacity in downstream products and strong guarantees for the future growth of companies The ongoing construction and planning projects of companies include: (1) 3 million tonnes/year coal co-carrying multi-product projects, which began in May 2020 and are proceeding in an orderly manner and are scheduled to be completed by the end of 2021;
(b) In September 2020, Ningdong 3 issues of 500,000 tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbons were combined with 500,000 tonnes/year of carbon-based hydrocarbons. On 7 September, the company announced that its subsidiary had invested in the construction of a demonstration project of 4 x 1 million tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbons.
The total investment in the project was 67.3 billion yuan, and the site of the Tuk industrial project area of the U.S. Su Rig Economic Development Area in the Mongolian Autonomous Region of Ordos. The project was approved by the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Council for Development Reform and the Office of Trade and Information and was completed in 2023.
2.6 million tonnes/year and 1.4 billion tonnes/year have been approved by the municipality of Ordos in July 2020 and January 2021, respectively, and construction is expected to commence after approval by the State Environmental Protection Department.
To support the construction of the 4x1 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon demonstration project of Inner Mon subsidiary, to accelerate financing and reduce financing costs. (4) The solar electrolytic hydrogen storage and integrated applications demonstration project phase was launched in February 2021.
4. Profit forecasting and rating takes into account the company's concentration of rich coal resources in the west combined with traditional coal industry chains and currents.
Coal Chemical industry chain, significant integration advantages, pro-cyclical elasticity, and maintenance of the Institute.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.