Annual Report 2022: Firms operating robustly and performing consistently Growing income and net profits of core pharmaceutical enterprises. Firms and subsidiaries operating robustly in 2022 achieved business income of $12.627 billion, up from the same period the previous year
658 million yuan to realize a net profit of 31 million yuan attributable to the owner of the parent company.                                                                                                  31 million
(b) The resulting adaptive disorders such as child growth disorders, and the increase in pre-adolescent child growth disorders associated with chronic kidney diseases (ckd) in early 2023, which increased the number of approved adaptive disorders for company growth hormone products to 12 and continued improvement of product matrices and adaptive layouts;
Industry leads continue to be consolidated, laying the foundation for sustained growth in performance. The injection of cytric acetic acid to prevent early ovulation has been approved for listing, for the treatment of late prostate cancers, for breast-milk injections, for diagnostic adaptive gs3-007a for adult growth hormone deficiency, and for the treatment of advanced prostate cancers.
"Yongchun Quixin " (000661); 2022 Queue 3 for the treatment of late-stage breast cancer eg017 and post-menopausal feminism eg017 Quarterly Review: A slight impact of the epidemic, products
Products such as ointment received clinical approval; 100-gram organisms: accelerated promotion of the liquid nose influenza vaccine, rabies (three sets) rabies vaccine, etc., focused on projects, including: successful obtaining of the Medicine Registration Certificate for herpe vaccine; and completion of the I phase of clinical trials for the 100-pack vaccine (three groups).
This is currently in preparation for the validation and production of clinical samples for the iii phase; the flu flu flu, the long spring and high spring (000661: mid-2022, the seedlings completed work on the I and ii clinical trials.
Report: Strong corporate resilience, low epidemic predictions and investment ratings: growth hormone needles are integrated into the coalition, prices are falling, and we are doubled. Growth hormone markets are vast, penetration rates are rising, rapid growth is emerging, and adaptive conditions are increasing.
To expand, we are looking at the growth of the company, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Three major financial forecasting tables for Changchun's new stock company, Dong Oo, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already have a portfolio investment advisory.