We reaffirm the “buy-in” rating of Time Electric (3898.hk/68818.ch), with a slight adjustment for the year, and the company's multiple business plates will contribute to growth. 1) It will benefit from the needs of China's new energy vehicle industry.
And the sic line is expected to see product output in the current year. 2) The overhaul of the security in the track trade will gradually become the focus of the company's business, with room for growth. 3) The company's new business, such as seamen's equipment, is expected to be covered in the short term.
High-speed growth and long-term growth ceilings. 4) The company is committed to expanding its overseas operations.
• Emerging business growth is strong: the company's 4q24 emerging business income is RMB 3.36 billion, an increase of 27/26 per cent in the same/ring ratio, up by three quarters more than in the same period. According to our estimates, the four-quarter Maori ratio ratio of the emerging business is generally stable.
Power semiconductor operations such as igbt have achieved income growth while maintaining a stable Māori rate. At the same time, the 4q24 company ' s seawork equipment and new energy vehicle power-drive products have maintained high income growth.
The growth of the business portfolio is significant. Thanks to the recovery in demand for the turn-over operation, and the demand for high iron overhauls and high-level renovations in Time Electric (3898.hk), the company’s income from the business portfolio increased steadily in 2024.
• Valuation: we give TimeElectrator 2025 orbital transport equipment, new equipment and its 52-week share price range (K$)
Investment risk: lack of power-driven and power-driven devices for new energy vehicles; greater expansion of production capacity in the power semiconductor industry; decline in Māori as a result of the downside price of power devices; increased competition in the industry; loss of profits; slowdown in the growth momentum of the trade-over recovery and insufficient continuity of demand for major repairs.
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Spob International.
Promising and pessimistic scenarios for the International Spdbi and the International Spob International: a share
Pessimistic scenario: Corporate revenue growth is not as good as expected
(a) Unexpected demand in the new energy automobile industry, with main drive and power devices pulling the goods up, generating higher revenue than the underlying scenario scenario;
The power semiconductor industry has expanded significantly, leading to oversupply: power plant prices have fallen, delaying the company's Māori rate; rail operations have performed better than expected, and security operations have led to growth dynamics
(a) Increased competition in the industry, delaying profit performance;
Promising and pessimistic scenarios: Port stock Pessimistic scenario: Corporate income growth below expectations Optimistic scenario: Corporate income growth is better than expected
(a) The continuing upswing in the sales of new energy vehicles, the driving power-driven and power-driven devices, the demand for new energy-based automobiles, the driving-driven and power-driven devices, and the upswing of the power-driven energy, with higher income rates than the underlying scenario scenario;
(a) The easing of pressure on the price of power devices, which led to higher growth in corporate income than the expansion of production capacity in the power semiconductor industry, leading to oversupply;
(b) Increased competition in the industry, delaying profit performance;
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report has indicated and assured that it is entitled to this report under the following conditions and has agreed to accept it:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Legion of Cards-Pulse International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
The information contained in this report shall not be used by any person for any other purpose. It shall not be construed as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as being exclusively for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.