M.M.I.P. (300,760) Review report. 01.04.2020. shows steady growth in performance and increased brand awareness of the epidemic.
On 1 April, the company announced that it had achieved operating income of $16.556 billion during the reporting period, 20.38 per cent of the same account, $4.681 billion of net profit to the mother, an increase of 25.85 per cent.
High growth in three major businesses, high-end products, and significant increases in profitability Life information and support: plate income of $6,341 million, a 21.38 per cent increase over the previous three years, domestic revenue from a range of products doubled and international income increased by more than 40 per cent. The new crown epidemic contributed to market share.
Further expansion. During the new crown protest, corporate first-aid units were approved for building an upper-body solution, rapid response and matching of the “Small Town” model and the development of a square-class hospital to be efficient, high-quality, high-yielding brand power, and to further enhance product visibility and recognition.
In vitro diagnosis: plate yields $5.814 billion, an increase of 25.69 per cent over the same period, and the fastest-growing plate, which has remained constant at 20 per cent + for the last three years, accounting for 35.12 per cent of total revenues.
The fastest, projected to be more than 80%, with more than 3,000 reagents installed worldwide. In 2019, the sale and installation of reagents continued to grow in 2019 in the research-Merry Medical (300,760) industry, where vd reagents are expected to provide certainty for subsequent high-speed growth of the plate.
Quick Performance Review: Steady Development, Epidemic Driver of Brands and Power Medical Image: The plate achieved income of $4.039 billion, an increase of 12.30 per cent, or 24.40 per cent of total revenues. The overall growth in the medical video industry slowed, and the company remained at the forefront.
In bits, high-end products are growing, and resona products are increasing at a rate of 50% +.
Assessment: High-end class leads, platform co-ordinated development. 2019.10.29 Robust medical equipment layouts such as veterinary surgery lamps, veterinary custody devices, veterinary blood cell analysers and animal ultrasound.
As the largest share of medical devices, Murray's health continues to grow into platforms, high-ends, globalization, and is often inspired by the epidemic, and it is hoped that demand will continue to grow, and that brands and technology will be strengthened during the epidemic.
The development of new products has not progressed as expected: policy implementation has fallen short of expectations: the risk of exchange rate fluctuations: product prices, business growth robustly and in line with market expectations. Companies achieved $16.556 billion in operating income in 2019, a year-on-year increase.
Billions (20.69% +), $4.300 billion (20.37% +), $4.74 billion (20.24%) and $4.177 billion. Three major sectors of business have been growing steadily, with high- and medium-end products active and city-based. During the epidemic, medical equipment in the country has been shown to be efficient, high-quality, high-yielding, branding and awareness-raising.
The plate has achieved an income of $6341 million, an increase of 21.38 per cent over the previous three years, maintaining 20 per cent + or 38.30 per cent of the total revenue. With the most sophisticated custodians, the company is constantly exporting its products, including anaesthetics, respirators, defibrillators, injection pumps, etc., icu as a whole.
The chain of custody products has grown by more than 20%, the domestic revenues of the priority N series have doubled, and the international revenues have increased by more than 40%. Corporate custodians, anaesthetics, respirators, defibrillators, etc. have achieved a single-digit status in the industry in order to further expand the market share over hard quality.
During the new crown protests, the company's first-aid unit was recognized for building physical solutions, responding quickly to and matching the Small Tom Mountain model and the square-class hospital to enhance its branding capacity efficiently, qualitatively, and productively.
The branding is expected to help the company further increase its product visibility and recognition. The product is still being rolled out over time, leading to the full development of low-end high-school products, with sustained increases in market penetration and occupancy.
Conservator epm series, new generation aedbeneheads and high-end anesthesia a9/a8 and high-end hand-lighted heyled series. The plate generated $5,814 million, an increase of 25.69 per cent, the fastest-growing plate, for nearly three years.
More than 80%, with more than 3,000 installed worldwide. Blood cells, blood condensation and biochemical products are growing by more than 20%, mainly due to a further increase in market share. The volume of reagent sales and equipment in 2019.
In 2019, the company continued to launch a blood station, cal 3,000plus, full-automatic chemical light, immuno-analyst cl-6000im2 and a range of new biochemical and immune reagent products, semi-automatic urinators.
Other sections, the overall growth rate of the medical video plate industry has slowed, and companies have remained at the forefront. High-end product leadership has increased, with resona products at 50% + market recognition.
However, the level-III hospital was more aggressive. In 2019, the company introduced the upgrades in high and low-end desktops and portable colours, which were more conducive to the downfall of the product. In addition to the three original plates, the company was active in the surgical market.
A series of rigid mirror systems, rigid mirror instruments, and the strengthening of veterinary medical devices such as veterinary surgical lamps, veterinary monitors, veterinary blood cell analysers and animal ultrasound. Māori levels declined slightly in 2019 as a result of the procurement environment and United States customs duties.
In the industry, zero-sum, intensive or tape purchases forced hospitals to purchase more value-for-money products: medical video plates 68.42 per cent, a decrease of 2.58 per cent in the same year, mainly in 2019, where private market purchases were low, cost controls were good at the grass-roots level, net interest rates were raised by 1.21 pct. Despite a slight decline in the Māori rate, company-time cost controls were practised
Well, the sales cost was 21.78 per cent, a decrease of 1.33 pct in the same year, an increase in corporate sales capacity and distributor management, and an increase in brand power; an increase in management cost of 4.62 per cent, a decrease of 0.58 pct in the same year; a decrease in financial cost of -2.46 per cent, a decrease of 1.30 pct in the same year, an increase in interest income.
Research and development inputs drive future growth, high-end manufacturing leadership platforms, and globalization. The medical equipment industry is driven by technological breakthroughs, and is the firm’s core competitiveness for maintaining high growth.
In December 2019, the company opened its ninth research and development centre in the Wuhan Valley to create a team of about 2,000 people to continue to expand research and development in autonomous innovation and high-end equipment manufacturing.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, has worked diligently and professionally to produce this report independently and objectively. I have committed to report using data from compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.