On April 28, 2020, the company released its report for the first quarter of 2020: income from business, net profit from maternity in the first quarter of 2020.
The net profits from lubricant and lubricant are 4,741 million yuan, 1.313 billion yuan, and 1,253 million yuan, representing an increase of 21.39 per cent, 30.58 per cent and a healthy and steady growth in the company’s main business as a whole. As a result of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the growth of the company’s many products directly related to the epidemic has accelerated to varying degrees:
(1) Life information and support: The demand for products such as monitors, respirators, injection pumps, etc. is high, resulting in a significant increase in the sales of such products for intensive care and treatment. We expect an explosive increase in the domestic guardianship system during the quarter, with a small base of products like smokers, injection pumps, etc., which is expected to increase several times more than in the past, leading to a 50% increase in the plate.
(2) In vitro diagnosis: Due to the decline in routine consultations, surgical procedures and medical examinations during the period of the hospital epidemic, we expect to slow down the consumption of in vitro diagnostic reagents such as biochemistry, luminum, etc. during the quarter, while the detection of diseases such as blood cells, crp, urine, etc. has increased slightly, and the overall income has declined slightly over the same period last year. However, it remains relatively positive with regard to instrumentation.
The normal rhythm is that more than 350 high-speed machines are installed during the quarter, with 6,000 of them rising as a percentage of the new ones, and 1,000 more are expected to be installed throughout the year. (3) Medical images: portable colours, mobile drs are the backbone of the disease-related inspection equipment, and we expect them to be available.
But the two lines of production are small, and desktop colours are not directly associated with the epidemic, and the whole plate is expected to grow in double digits. Billion dollars, an increase of 42.16% from the beginning of the year, provides a solid basis for income growth in the second quarter.
Corporate management is strengthened, management efficiency is improved, and business performance is improving in good health. The net return profits are increasing faster than operating income, and we estimate that they are mainly affected by a combination of (1) positive effects: delayed recruitment due to the epidemic, lower pay levels, and sales activities moving down the line from one to the next.
On the other hand, market promotion and travel costs have decreased, with sales rates falling by 0.49 pct to 20.03 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and the impact of the appreciation of the United States dollar on exchange gains and losses, with financial costs falling by 4.18 pct to 1.00 per cent on a year-on-year basis. (2) Negative effects: some material purchases and transportation costs have increased and the in vitro diagnostic reagent revenue has slowed down overall Maori.
1.28 pc to 64.52 per cent of the year-on-year decline in the Mäori rate; increased expenditure on immunization and increased incentives led to increased management expenditure, and management of Märi Medical (300760). Overall, the positive impact of the profit end was greater than the negative impact, with net interest rates rising by 1.95 pct to 27.71 per cent.
The products in question have grown rapidly, with 20q1 performances growing, and high-end client growth has accelerated branding during the epidemic, and people are returning to work early during the spring. From Spring Day to the end of March, the company has made emergency deliveries at the national and international levels, respectively.
2. Murray Medical (300,760) annual report rating: performance of 80,000 and 40,000 medical devices, as expected, with impact of scale increasing net interest rate
In the long run, we believe that the epidemic is expected to contribute to the building of hospitals that focus on infectious diseases, severe diseases, breathing, etc., and to deepen the understanding of strategic clients of the company’s products and organizational capabilities. Through the emergency procurement of the epidemic, the company will expand its outreach to high-end hospital clients and accelerate branding.
In the short term, companies have been positively affected by the epidemic, with products such as medium- and long-term high-end custody, chemical light, waterlines, high-end imagery, etc. Given the significant growth in the number of companies’ epidemic products, we have raised performance expectations, expectations, and corporate industry leadership, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The company ' s financial statement data projections are summarized and joined in January 2019, Tan Zimei, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts, University of Central and South China, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, 1 year of medical practice, May 2019.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.