On the 28th of April, 2020, the epidemic gave rise to an international campaign to promote the spread of the disease.
-Mary Medical Queens 2020 q1 reports an increase of 21.39 per cent in the same year; Mothers' net profit of $1.313 billion, an increase of 30.58 per cent in the same year.
The company has achieved a net profit increase of 21.39% and 30.58%, respectively, at the forecast median level.
Dr's demand has risen, and the build-up of the desktop superpurchase has been suspended, with a projected rate of 10%; the ivd plate is expected to return to high growth as the need for medical treatment returns in the second quarter. With the outbreak of the two seasons abroad, the internal outbreak has been reduced, and the expected performance is similar to that of the first quarter.
In the short term, despite a reduction in the number of outpatients and the impact on the regular bidding process, a higher than expected increase in the volume of medical facilities required to combat the disease is expected to have a positive effect on semi-annual performance. In the long run, the epidemic is dissipated, normal medical needs return, follow-up health systems are built or are expected to be strengthened, and companies are fast-tracked.
Reaction to high-quality, high-yield equipment, technology, services, brand image and strong leadership: significant increase in operating cash flows and less guaranteed profitability; sale cost of 20.03 per cent (-0.48 pt) and a slight reduction in sales travel; and administrative cost rates
The National Dollar Securities Corporation ' s Research-Mary Medical Care (300,760) 2019 Reported Review-Stable Performance Growth, Awareness of Epidemic Brand Enhancement
The dollar securities firm study -- Méri Medical (300,760) fell by 138.45% in 2019, mainly due to changes in exchange gains and losses. Net operating cash flows reached $3 billion, with quick performance ratings: steady growth, the epidemic driving more brand and real.
The same-year-old rise of 205.59% is higher than income and profit growth and further increases operational liquidity.
High-end activity continues, innovation is expected to be rolled out, and there is greater certainty about robust growth. It is expected that the development of new products and products will progress less than expected; policy implementation will fall short of expectations; exchange rate volatility risks; and product prices.
Liu Huimin reduced risk; China-United States trade risk, etc. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.