Growth is stable and the epidemic is expected to lead to further improvement in performance.
The company recently published its annual 2019 report, during which it achieved operating income of $16.556 billion, and its overall performance of Gogo Development Ltd. maintained rapid growth and the three main lines of operation steadily developed.
Corporate overall performance continued to grow faster throughout 2019, largely benefiting from the company’s three major business plates, with a sustained focus on innovation in research and development and further high-end client group breakthroughs in domestic and international markets, respectively. At the income end: income from life information and support operations, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery.
The market value of a share in circulation (in billions of yuan) continues to show a good business model for smoothing down payments and research and development. The corporate net interest rate is 28.30 per cent, an increase of 1.21 per cent over the same period, with a sustained increase in profitability. The net cash flow from operating activities is 4,722 million yuan.
The company ' s life information and support business grew by 21.38 per cent, continued to maintain a rapid growth trend and further consolidated its leading position in the area of life information and support products, particularly in the area of surveillance, surveillance and surveillance of the epidemic.
There has also been a marked increase in market demand for products such as respirators, especially since the overseas epidemic is still at a stage where it has yet to be contained _aa_Merry (300,760) in depth reports, and the detection of positive and severe patients is on the rise and it is expected that the operation will continue in the first quarter of the year.
_aaa_Mary Medical In-depth Report (Supreme) Wang Jung-seok has achieved 25.69% growth in the in vitro diagnostics business, showing an accelerated growth in production.
Through product and reagent upgrades, the Division has rapidly increased penetration in mid- and high-end hospitals through cost advantages and technological advantages, and companies have made significant technological breakthroughs in integration, automation, intelligence and informatization, and are expected to further expand their competitive advantages in the future.
The image business continued to grow double-digitally, with 12.30% growth in the overall industry market, demonstrating the continued competitiveness of the company's video equipment. In the field of medical imagery, companies have moved from following the world's leading technology to leading the world's technology.
A series of high-school low-end desktop and portable super-products has been introduced to sink high-end technologies and functions down to low- and medium-end products, and to enhance grass-roots market coverage. At the same time, as product competitiveness rises, firms have effectively made a breakthrough with high-end client groups.
In addition to the three product areas, the company is actively developing micro-surgery operations, which now include surgical cosmography systems, cold light, abdominal machines, optical endoscopic mirrors, microscopic surgical devices and surgical consumables, and provide a solid foundation for future sustained growth and the preservation of market positions.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: given the positive catalytic effect of the epidemic on custody and in vitro diagnostic operations, we expect to benefit from the associated growth in operations due to the spread of the epidemic overseas in 2020, with emphasis on:
The firm’s medium- and long-term development is certain: the medium- and long-term view, as described in our in-depth report, of opportunities for a new infrastructure of medical care in the general context of substitution and classification of production, and the long-term view of an increased concentration of medical devices. The company’s performance is expected to maintain a high degree of certainty at the current rate of growth, moving up to “buy”.
Subsequent exposure of high-end equipment to less than expected risks, the risk of significantly increased competition in the grass-roots market, and the risk of further increased volatility in the off-sea market.