Epidemics raise demand for products, Wong Schzie, harvests keep growing faster, and in vitro diagnosis leads to performance growth.
Net profit of $4,681 million, an increase of 25.85 per cent over the same period; net profit of $4,615 million for non-mortality, an increase of 25.04 per cent over the same period. From a breakdown of the business portfolio, the company ' s life information and support business received $6,341 million, an increase of 21.38 per cent over the same period.
The synergies that drive the synchronized growth of products such as anaesthesia, respirators, tremors, injection pumps, etc., have been highlighted, leading to steady growth in the overall income of the plate. In vitro diagnostics have generated $5,814 million, an increase of 25.69%, compared with the cost advantages and performance introduced by the company in 2019.
Automated cascade systems for high-speed biochemical analysis and chemical luminous immunology analysis, as well as associated biochemical and immuno-reagent products, thus rapidly increasing penetration in mid-to-high-end hospitals, driving major shareholders (2019y)
Within, the company has launched a series of low-end desktop and portable super-products covering high school, not only to innovate in high-end technology, but also to sink high-end technology and functionality into low- and medium-end products, which is a common breakthrough for the low-end clientele of high-school schools, with a gradual increase in market ownership and the continuous expansion of new markets.
Income structure (2019y), where firms continued to increase their R & D investment in order to improve technology, and in 2019, where firms continued to strengthen their R & D capabilities and enhance their market competitiveness
In 2019, the company continued to maintain high levels of research and development and to achieve technological breakthroughs, intelligence at the top of the monitor, interaction with high-end anesthesia machines and airways, video systems of 4k high-level endoscopes, new ultrasound imaging, ultrasound innovative applications and functions, ultrasound intelligence, high end blood thinning.
The high-end parameters of the cell analyser, the intellectualization and informationization of the sample analyser's waterlines have evolved. Meanwhile, the company has gradually increased its input into the veterinary business by introducing new products such as manual lamps, veterinary monitors, veterinary blood cell analysers, animal ultrasound, etc.
During this period, the company applied for 884 patents, authorizing 249. The continuous breakthrough in R & D resulted in higher market recognition of the company’s products. In the fifth series of good domestically produced medical equipment catalogues, published in 2019, several models of the company were selected.
In 2019, the company established the Wuhan Institute, a fully-owned subsidiary, to expand research and development of medical equipment and related products, opening up the ninth research and development centre in the world. The intensification of the epidemic has boosted market demand, and public health systems have been built for good long-term performance.
In recent days, along with the continued increase in the global new crown epidemic, the demand for products such as corporate custodians, respirators, dr, and blood cells has increased dramatically, which will have a positive impact on the company’s performance this year, as well as on the expansion of the global market. In the long run, the epidemic has exposed me.
The country's public health system is still underdeveloped, with the number of incu and isolation wards still smaller than in developed countries. Therefore, we believe that when the epidemic is over, the country will have a sound public health emergency management system that is likely to increase vulnerability.
The number of specialist beds, the icu intensive care beds, and the construction of specialized hospitals in various parts of the country, similar to Fire/Rain Hills, to store medical supplies, thereby boosting the need for medical equipment, equipment, consumables, etc., including monitors, respirators, dr, etc., as a result of various company-related productions.
The goods have been selected for the catalogue of products of good national medical equipment, which is expected to serve as an important reference for the procurement of medical equipment by hospitals at all levels, and therefore the company ' s future performance is expected to benefit further from the development of the public health system.
Industry regulatory policy change risks; product diffusion less than expected risks; product R & D less than expected risks: market competition increases the risk: the risk increases the epidemic, by meta-count, dynamic pe 54.48 times and 45.29 times, respectively.
The Department, as the leading company in the country’s medical apparatus, now has a good market base and marketing network. Thus, with the recent rise in global demand and the gradual improvement of our public health system, companies will be expected to highlight the leading advantages, expand markets rapidly, and raise the market’s performance.
Moreover, the company’s long-term focus on innovative inputs, its annual roll-out of innovative products, and its future expansion of product coverage will continue to increase its performance. We look forward to the future development of the industry and the company, maintaining a “prudentially upscaling” rating.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, relevant to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.