Q1 achieved operating income of $4,741 million in 2020, an increase of 21.39 per cent over the same period; and achieved a net return to the mother.
The profit was 1.313 billion yuan, an increase of 30.58% in the same year; the net profit of 1,253 million yuan, an increase of 25.53% in the same year; and the net cash flow of operating activities, a growth of 1,420 million yuan, an increase of 204.34% in the same year.
Q1 Performance Upgrade, q2 Needs Projected €100 million, accounts payable of $1,907 million (1,242 million at the beginning of the period) to respond to rising demand for the epidemic.
Positively, there has been an increase in raw material purchases and supplies. At the same time, the contractual liability of $1.73 billion and the apparent increase in advance payments compared to the beginning of the period reflect, in our view, the high demand for the company’s related products and the abundance of orders.
Increased demand for disease control directs life information to monitor and support production lines, respirators, injection pumps, portable colours of medical video lines, mobile drs, various instruments of external diagnostic lines, etc., and the epidemic.
The growth of closed products has accelerated to varying degrees. In vitro diagnostic reagents and desktop-colored product lines have been affected by the fact that the demand for regular consultations has been suppressed during the epidemic.
As the epidemic spreads overseas, and corporate demand for overseas orders rises, it is expected that q2 will continue, and companies are expected to reach out to overseas hospital clients to accelerate the implementation of the internationalization strategy. At the same time, considering that domestic hospitals often have a good basis for growth in their performance.
This time, the company has achieved a significant increase in brand awareness and recognition in the anti-epidemic process, both within and outside the country, and is expected to boost the company’s advantages in domestic import substitution and expansion of the internationalized market. Consolidating the industry, we continue to appreciate the company’s leadership and influence in the national production of medical equipment.
High-end products in the domestic market of Afford Corporations have broken through and accelerated overseas deployment, predicting changes in the company ' s industrial policy from 2020-2022, vuanwei@aiza.com.cn; trade friction-related risks; exchange rate volatility risks; dealer model risks, etc.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment