On 1 April 2020, the company released its annual report for 2019: a year-round return of business income, net return of profits, deductions.
Net profits increased by 20.38 per cent, 25.85 per cent and 25.04 per cent, respectively. Net cash flows from operating activities increased by 17.03 per cent to 4,722 million yuan.
1. Life information and support plate yields $6341 million, an increase of 21.38 per cent. The sales of primary product monitors increased by 9.47 per cent on a year-on-year basis, taking into account that the high end n series doubles in the country and is more than 40 per cent higher internationally, the introduction of custodians has led to a synchronized increase in the production of anaesthesia machines, defibrillators, respirators, injection pumps, etc.
The Unit achieved 34.47 per cent and 14.62 per cent increases in sales of defibrillators and anaesthesia machines, respectively, compared to 300 per cent in depth; the respirators and injection pumps are small, and we expect to achieve more than 40 per cent growth. Based on the need for new and expanded hospitals, the light towers are sold.
With the combined effects of the introduction of new products, sales, low equity and lower fiscal allocations, industry growth has declined significantly, but companies have introduced high-end re-products that have made a breakthrough in high-end client groups and more than 50% growth in the country, bringing the whole of the plate to two.
Due to a decline in Māori rates due to product expansion, good cost controls contributed to higher net interest rates \triangleright 62.53 per cent), 3 adjustments in prices of ultrasound products in low-end markets (Māori rates for medical imaging products drop by 2.58 pct-
68.42. With the introduction of the in vitro diagnostics, the reagent ups and the high-end expansion of the three production lines compared to the sales teams of previous years, we found that cost control was better than in 2019, and that the effects were reflected in a decrease of 1.50 pct, 0.58 pct, 0.36 pct, respectively, in sales rates, management rates and research and development costs.
Review: Performance is growing at a robust pace, leading to further excellence in the global supply chain, tight control of the billing period and good operational capability
The company continued to optimize the global supply chain with an inventory turnover rate of 2.90 in 2019, an increase of 0.09 over the same period; strict control of the account period, 2. Murray Medical (300,760) tri-quarter report in 2019.
In response to the outbreak of the new coronary virus, during the spring season, the company's functions of manufacturing, logistics, marketing, clothing, technical support, etc. Installation and commissioning of medical equipment and simultaneous delivery; by the end of March, more than 80,000 emergency deliveries had been made nationwide.
Medical equipment. With regard to overseas markets, companies are receiving procurement needs from regions such as Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and the Middle East in response to the epidemic, with Italy, in Europe’s most affected region, urgently procuring the first nearly 10,000 units of anti-epidemic equipment, such as respirators, monitors, and so on, and the company will deliver them in an orderly and phased manner.
Impact of the epidemic on short-term performance: 1 Life Information and Support: As the outbreak unfolds, the demand for products increases exponentially over time, resulting in a significant increase in the sale of products associated with the need for intensive care and treatment, such as company respirators, monitors, injection pumps, etc., which are expected to lead to a higher growth in life information and support operations. 2 In vitro diagnosis: we expect blood.
The growth of the global product is good, and the increase in detection demand associated with the epidemic is expected to offset some of the decline in the demand for routine clinics. 3 Medical pictures: mobile dr, portable colours are the backbone of the disease-related inspection equipment, demand increases, and sales of desktop colours are likely to be affected by the procurement of basic medical care and the private market.
In the longer term, the epidemic is expected to contribute to the construction of hospitals that focus on infectious diseases, severe diseases, breathing, etc.
In the medium and long term, products such as high-end custodians, chemical light and running water lines, high-end images, etc., have greater scope for growth. And the company’s industry has a leading role in maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Tam Zimei, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Science, University of Central and South China, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, one year of experience in medicine and medicine, joined the civil securities industry in May 2019. The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, to seek, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to the advice or influence of any third party.