Murray Medical (300,760): Core product markets have steadily increased their share, and new respiratory operations are operating in Murray Medical Services.
Incident: The supply of domestic breathing machines is inadequate, with distributors saying that the price increase is now around 30% to 80% in the three main areas of diagnosis, medical imagery, etc. In between, the respirator manufacturer said there was no spot, and the order was scheduled for July/August.
In the next 3-6 months, the number of orders for overseas respirators is about 10,000, and the order is about June. During the outbreak, the company's respirator is in short supply.
Debt relief and cross-stocking: more than 1,000 deliveries. With the outbreak abroad, domestic firms have begun to take overseas orders, and at present, the number of Méri Medical Respirator orders is about 10,000, and the order is about as high as June.
Core products have achieved a steady increase in their market share, with high-end client groups breaking through. As corporate brand competitiveness and ownership of innovation have increased, core products have accelerated import substitution in domestic markets, resulting in deep breakthroughs in high-end client groups in overseas markets. Domestic market revenues grew by more than 20% in 2019, and international market revenues.
In 2019, the life information and support industry achieved an operating income of $6,341 million, an increase of 21.38 per cent over the previous year. Of this, the N series of high-end custodians nearly doubled the amount sold in the domestic market, increasing the international market by about 40 per cent; and the re series of high-end colours.
Products, domestic markets, have grown by more than 50%. In vitro diagnostics have generated operating income of $5,814 million, an increase of 25.69% compared to the previous year. There are about 3,000 new chemical luminous stations in the world, with global revenues of about $1.3 billion, with an increase of more than 70%; high-end five-class blood cell testing, crp integration testing,
The medical imaging industry has achieved operating income of $4,039 million, an increase of 12.30% over the previous year, which is among the highest in the industry. In the emerging business, there has been an increase of more than 40% in the respirator, the pump, and so on.
1. There is a shortage of breathing machines in overseas markets, and emergency orders are difficult to meet clinical needs. Europe’s epidemic has erupted, and medical resources are in critical need.
On March 25, the committee revealed that the supply chain for European-wide respirators could meet only 10% of the demand. Italy, Spain, decided, respectively, to stop providing respirators to patients aged 60 and over, and older persons aged 65 and over.
From the outbreak to March 3, the Ministry of Trade and Communications focused on monitoring companies that provided approximately 14,000 non-respirators and more than 2900 respirators to the north of the lake, mainly Wuhan.
As the domestic epidemic calmed down, the overseas epidemic erupted, domestic firms began to take orders from overseas, and now the public sector has about 100 units per day, the company's overseas breathing machine orders are up to about 10,000, and the orders are about as high as June.
On 31 March, the company disclosed nearly 100 respirators per day, assuming that it produced 100 units per day; The company had a sv 300 and a sv 600 historical winning price of $148.8 million and $254.5 million, respectively, assuming that the company's respiratory terminal was valued at an average cost of $200,000 and the factory price at a 30-80 per cent discount on the terminal price.
As the country's technological breakthroughs and industrial support policies have landed, the national production-substitution trend has led to a “value-for-money dividend”, which has gradually evolved from low-end to high-end, with low-level hospitals permeating high-end medical institutions.
In keeping with the service concept of providing a “one-stop” holistic solution, the core business continues to grow at a high rate: 1) Deep Surgical Fields provide comprehensive life-guard support. The company provides a comprehensive care solution to hospitals by using the chain of custody products as a domestic entry point, and by setting up the entire series of surgical rooms; and in the international market, the company has developed a good branding effect based on the quality of the international first-class products, with a high end.
In 2019, life information and support operations achieved an operating income of $6,341 million, an increase of 21.38 per cent over the same period. Of this, the N series of high-end custodians, which nearly doubled the amount sold in the domestic market, increased the international market by about 40 per cent; re series of high-end superproducts, which increased the domestic market by more than 50 per cent; and 2) continued to enrich the in vitro diagnostic products and enhance the synergy of the test plates.
Chemical luminous analysis products and a variety of reagents with reliable quality and cost advantages are expected to create a more visible replacement for imported brands. At the same time, chemical luminous products will create better synergies with biochemical analysis, high-end five-class blood cell analysis and Crp integration testing, further increasing market penetration in mid- and high-end hospitals.
Growth of 25.69%. The number of newly installed chemical luminous products increased by about 2,000, at a rate of more than 70% a year; high-end blood cell testing, biochemistry, disease-free waterlines, etc., led to an increase of about 25% in domestic market revenues. 3) The market position for medical imagery was tightened, and colours continued to advance to higher-end markets.
By filling the gap in high-end markets, with higher-end hospitals recognizing products, firms have developed better customer stickyness, both within and outside the country. At the same time, firms have been able to enhance their product competitiveness by sinking high-end functions to medium- and low-end products, upgrading them across the board. 4) Emerging operations have grown at a high rate, with respirators and pump operations growing by more than 40% in 2019.
At the same time, the company began building the ninth global centre for research and development (the Wuhan Institute), with efficient research and development inputs that provide a solid foundation for continuous breakthroughs in the company’s products.
In order to build competitiveness in international markets, companies have chosen leading global health-care institutions as long-term partners, and have worked with leading international medical institutions, including the Mayo Clinic, the Massachusetts General Hospital, and corporate products have gained wide recognition in countries such as the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, etc., and have gradually developed a strong international branding effect, bringing about deep breakthroughs in high-end client groups in overseas markets.
Internal growth is strong, and external M&As are strong. Companies, while pursuing their own product's rigid quality, technologically leading, go from home and abroad to the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
East Hing Securities Co. reported M.M.M. (300760): The market share of core products has been rising steadily, benefiting from the export of new and emerging respirators, acquiring a wide range of marketing channels and first-class product technologies. Since the company started global M&As in 2008, life information and support have been provided, respectively.
A number of M&As have been carried out in the field of business, in vitro diagnostics, medical imaging, endoscopics and high-value osteoporosis operations. Through the continuous integration of available resources, a global development platform has been formed for integrated R & D, marketing and manufacturing, providing a long-term dynamic for companies to do their jobs, corresponding to 52.68x, 42.69x and 34.96x, respectively.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Murray Medical Care (300,760): The market share of core products has increased steadily, benefiting from the export of new respirators, the source of financial growth in the East, the pharmaceutical industry, nine years of experience in medical research in the securities industry, and has been a core member of the new wealth team in medicine.
The research assistant gives an overview of the researcher's own views.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.