Méri Medical (300760.sz) Medical equipment iii
Three major business lines continue to grow, with new opportunities ahead: the company announcement 2019, which achieved business income of $16,556 million a year-on-year increase of 20.38 per cent; net profit return of $4,681 million a year-on-year increase of 25.85 per cent; and deduction of $4,615 million a year-on-year increase of 25.04 per cent;
Operating cash flows of $4,722 million, an increase of 17.03 per cent. At the same time, the company announced that it was planning to continue to increase its three largest operations per 10 shareholders, with the fastest increase in in vitro diagnosis: the company ' s three major business lines continued to grow in 2019, first at a world-class level, while other products were gradually reaching world-class levels; and life information and support were comprehensive.
Line products have grown better, and high-school low-end products have developed. In vitro diagnostics have generated $5,814 million, an increase of 25.69 per cent compared to the previous year: high-end products have gained significant advantages, penetration in mid- and high-end hospitals has increased rapidly, and chemical light products have grown significantly as the load and reagent varieties have risen.
With $4,039 million, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the same period, corporate ultrasound products are now fully covered at the lower end of the country ' s high-school market, and market participation on the international market is gradually increasing, but the pace of growth, influenced by the pace of domestic bidding, has slowed.
Middle-end monitor epm series, new generation aedbeneheadets/c series, high-end anaesthesia machine a9/a8, high-end surgery light hylyedx series, air abdominal hs/gs series hard mirror system, new product in rigid mirrors series, high-end desktop supers3v91.1, medium-high-end desktop superdc-80xiv2.0, medium-end supered with te7v4.0,
Plus, the full-automatic chemical lumination analysercl-6000im2 and new and upgraded products such as a series of new biochemical and immuno-reagent products, semi-automatic urinary machines opm-15 series.
(c) Veterinary blood cell analysers bc-30vet, vetus 8/7 and z50/60 animal ultrasound products; and
Murray Health Care: Performance is as expected, with three main areas of operation holding more than 99% of medical institutions and tri-a-hospitals. In 2019, company products were successfully placed in a number of high-end medical institutions: a breakthrough was achieved in the country with a large tri-a hospital, a large new hospital, and a full-time solution was also achieved in Tri-a-hospital hospital.
The company has expanded its strategic collaboration with large medical groups, third-party testing groups. The company has gradually moved from for-profit hospitals in North America to medical associations.
Murray Health Care: Performance meets expectations, leading advantage is evident in breaking down more high-end blank hospitals in Europe. Corporate products are also entering high-end hospitals, group hospitals, and large chain laboratories in many emerging market countries.
Murray Medical Care: The surge in demand for thin-haired medical equipment and the spread of the epidemic abroad have led to new opportunities for companies following the epidemic: during the epidemic, the demand for medical equipment such as company respirators, monitors, etc., has increased significantly and is expected to boost performance in the first quarter of the year.
There's about $11 million worth of equipment at Fire and Thunder Mountain Hospitals. There is an increase in the need for medical equipment to drive the epidemic overseas. The Italian government has recently made an emergency purchase of nearly 10,000 anti-epidemic equipment from companies, including respirators, monitors, etc., which will be delivered in an orderly manner. The epidemic has exposed the state's ability to control major epidemics.
We believe that, after the epidemic, the Government will further increase its public health investments and promote the building and capacity of priority hospitals, district hospitals, and primary health-care institutions. This gives new opportunities for medical equipment.
The Director-General is now technically able to achieve technological breakthroughs in the areas of guardianship, blood-ball analysers, medium- and low-end coloured superproducts, high-end chemical luminous, automated waterlines, and high-end specialist lottery.
In 2020-2022, the net profits were 20.19 billion yuan, 24.154 million yuan and 29,172 million yuan, respectively.