Short-term outbreak catalytic performance, continuing long-term growth.
The company recently published a performance report for the first quarter of 2020: during the reporting period, $4.741 billion in operating income was realized.
• Catalysing of the short-term epidemic, with the recommended rate of net revenue growth The first quarter of 2020 saw sustained growth in corporate operating income and steady growth in three major areas of operation.
The growth of products directly related to the epidemic, such as a variety of instruments, has accelerated to varying degrees, and life information has played a particularly significant role in supporting the pull-up of production lines.
At present, the overseas epidemic has not been significantly curbed, and the demand for overseas guardianship equipment is still high, with the share showing a relative depth of 300 indexes.
At the same time, the domestic epidemic has largely subsided, and the resumption of work has proceeded in an orderly manner. It is expected that the company ' s in vitro diagnostic operations will accelerate with the gradual recovery of medical consultations in the successor country, Méri.
At the same time, the company ' s q1 operating cash flow of $1.42 billion, a significant increase over the same period, significant branding in the event of the epidemic, accelerated internationalization and, by the end of March, the company had delivered more than 80,000 and 40,000 emergency deliveries at the national and international levels, respectively.
Medical equipment. At a time when the epidemic is still severe overseas, the company continues to provide timely delivery of its products to endemic areas abroad with a mature system of localization that has been put in place and, by providing full-scale after-sales services, creates an image of high-end manufacturing of Chinese products, which further accelerates international efforts.
The process of globalization has provided a strong guarantee for the growth of firms in the medium to long term. Investment in R & D has increased, guaranteeing long-term market competitiveness of products q1 R & D investment of $480 million, a significant increase of 40% over the previous year, significantly higher than the growth in incomes.
In recent years, the company has made a marked breakthrough in the area of high-end products, which, along with further increases in research and development inputs, is expected to accelerate the penetration of the market for high-end medical devices.
AaaMerry Medical (300,760) In-depth report (below) _aaa_Merry Medical (300,760) In-depth report (up-) Capital construction, with a high degree of certainty about future growth, maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: the risk of subsequent high-end equipment being released less than expected, the risk of increased competition at the grass-roots level, and the risk of further increased volatility in overseas markets.