Rapid growth in epidemic-related products, with performance in 2001 increasing by about 30 per cent - Méri Medical Services performance forecast for the first quarter of 2020. On 9 April 2020, the company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2020: income is expected to be 44.92-48.82 in the first quarter of the year.
Non-recurrent gains and losses are expected to have an impact on the net profit of the mother of about $60.4 million, excluding the net profit growth rate of the mother of the mother of the new crown: the catalytic effect of the pneumonia epidemic, particularly on life information and support lines of production. Overall, the company’s main business income has grown healthy and smooth.
The growth of products directly linked to the epidemic has accelerated to varying degrees: 1) Life information and support: the demand for products such as monitors, respirators, injection pumps, etc. has increased significantly the sales of such products for intensive care and treatment. We expect that the domestic system will grow by more than 80% in the first quarter of the year.
2) In vitro diagnosis: Due to the decline in the number of routine consultations, surgery and medical examinations during the hospital outbreak, we expect a slowdown in the consumption of extra vitro diagnostic reagents such as biochemistry, luminum, etc. during the quarter, while detection products associated with outbreaks such as blood cells, crp, urine, etc. have increased slightly, overall showing a slight decline in income over the same period last year.
The rhythm is that more than 350 high-speed machines have been installed in the quarter, and 6,000 of them have risen as a percentage of the new ones, and it is still possible to complete 1,000 new ones throughout the year. 3) Medical images: portable colours, mobile drs are the backbone of the disease-related inspection equipment, and we expect them to be.
We think that the epidemic is likely to contribute to the construction of hospitals that focus on infectious diseases, severe diseases, respiratorys, etc., and that deepens the understanding of strategic clients of the company’s product and organizational capabilities.
A higher-end hospital client is being expanded to accelerate branding. Profit ends: performance increases faster than income increases, and costs fall due to a variety of factors.
The higher rate of growth than business income, we estimate, is mainly affected by a combination of positive effects: delays in recruitment due to the epidemic, lower remuneration rates on a year-on-year basis; shifts in marketing activities from the bottom to the line, resulting in lower market outreach, lower travel costs; and the projected appreciation of the dollar, which has an impact on exchange gains and losses.
2) Adverse effects: Increased costs of partial material procurement and transportation: The slowdown in in vitro diagnostic reagent income has reduced the overall Māori rate: expenditure on overtime subsidies, vaccinations, donations, long-term cash incentives, etc. Taken together, the positive impact of the profit end is greater than the negative impact, resulting in faster profits.
1. Murray Medical (300,760) annual report: Performance: Efficient assistance to priority areas during the epidemic, expansion of high-end clients and acceleration of branding impact
In the face of the outbreak of the new coronary virus, the company's manufacturing, logistics, marketing, clothing and technical support functions during the Spring Festival 2. Murray Medical (300,760) performance report 2019. Installation, commissioning and synchronized delivery of medical equipment. By the end of March, over 80,000 emergency deliveries had been made throughout the country.
With regard to overseas markets, companies are receiving procurement needs from regions including Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and the Middle East in response to the epidemic, in which Italy, in Europe's most affected region, has urgently purchased the first nearly 10,000 respirators, monitors, etc.
In the short term, the company has been positively affected by the epidemic, with products such as medium- and long-term high-end custody, chemical light and running water lines, high-end images, etc., receiving 58.3, 48.2 and 40.0 times the price.
Corporate policy risks, product R & D risks, price risk decline, trade friction risks in Central America, and exchange rate fluctuations risks.
Tan Zimei, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts, University of Central and South China, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, 1 year of medical research experience, and May 2019, joined the student securities. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,