q2 achieves high performances suzhoutfcopticalcommunicati Rating: outperform
Incident: On 14 July, Tianfu News released its semi-annual performance report for 2023, which achieved gross operating income of $664 million (+15.01 per cent of the year) in the first half of the year 2023, and a net profit of $234 million to the mother (compared with weiminyu).
53.82% growth in the quarter. Companies achieve a two-fold increase in income and profits, benefiting from a steady and sustained increase in demand for lightware products, driven by global data, especially higher demand for high-speed products, leading to a sustained build-up of some of the company’s product lines: on the other hand, sales from the company are sold.
The United States dollar predominates and exchange rate fluctuations during the reporting period have had a positive impact on the company’s profits. In addition, the increase in financial interest income from the company’s due term deposits during the reporting period and the inclusion of the first half of the year’s research and development fee deduction policy have had an impact on income tax costs during the reporting period.
Focus on core business, stocking in parallel with growth: companies continue to provide high-quality products and services to PV panel clients, `high-speed light engine construction projects for 5 g and data centres' step-by-step incremental battalion `light radar and photocommunication light device technical reuse, successfully opening the laser radar market and achieving mass production'
Delivery, start the second growth curve of operations, maintain technological leadership and consolidate collaboration with head clients. • Promote global distribution of production capacity, and build overseas plants to strengthen supply chain advantages: companies are highly integrated in global industrial chains in markets such as light communications, laser mines, etc., and work closely together.
DCC: Japan and Shenzhen are research and development branches: the United States, Singapore, Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Wuhan are sales branches: Jiangxi, Shenzhen and Suzhou are global web-based layouts, while new Thai factories are scheduled to become operational in 2023, building a globally competitive optical equipment production base for customers
• Profit predictions and investment proposals. Companies accumulate more technology and process in the field of optical devices, and we believe that they are more resilient to the speed with which they can access the project to land and laser radar.
Wirtschaftschaftsprüfer is located upstream of the light module, and the product high-speed light engine is the core of the high-speed photoreceivable module.