Fortune communications (300394.sz) with a steady increase in the return of mothers and a steady improvement in the release of active products over 46.38%. Of this, $377 million was collected in the second quarter alone, an increase of 27.97% in the same year, with an increase in the ring.
At the end of performance, the increase in corporate revenue in the first half of the year was mainly due to a significant increase in revenue from active businesses. In the case of 23h1, the increase in corporate profitability was more pronounced: 23h1 Māori/net interest rates were the main factors in the increase in profitability of the Division, and 23h1 Māori rates were different for the source/source products.
The company expands from passive to active products, building a one-stop light device platform, and the active business is expected to increase. \triangleright is now more. \i leads to a demand for light communication devices, downstream to high speed, and high integration is required.
Step by step, the company has invested in a variety of research and development projects, including special fibre-optic devices for the silicon module and the development of single-channel high-power laser products, multi-channel high-power surges for the application of the cpo-els module
The development of light engines, etc.; and the firm’s steady push for the light engine project, whose products are of high importance in cpo technology, will be further highlighted, providing more imagination for the company in the medium to long term. Profit forecasting, valuation analysis, and investment proposals: the company’s projected net profits in 2023-25x
Dollars, pe 69.9/47.2/34.8 times. The company expands from a sourceless source to a source device, forming a light module. Upstream supply is available. Source products are expected to be released with high-speed light; and corporate light-inducing products are important cpo components, and cpo is expected to become the main route after 2024-25, with long-term benefits.
Good corporate performance and profitability, the company’s light engine project is now progressing in an orderly fashion, and for the first time, based on the above logic, it covers the risk of “buy-in-a” ratings being given.
With professional accumulation in a number of fields, such as basic materials and components, optical design, integrated envelopes, it has been expanded to provide new products for customers in areas such as downstream laser radar. As at the date of disclosure, the laser radar lightware product was produced on a large scale, while multiple customers, both in and out of the country, were in the sample validation phase, but the total was
There is uncertainty as to whether the product can be successfully passed through the transfer and obtain more large orders. If there is insufficient downstream demand for products in new areas, or if the company’s products are not competitive enough to be expected to lead to the company’s new product not expanding as expected, it may not be.
Industry policy and development risks: the company ' s optical instruments products are now more sold in the optical communication plate, with downstream applications mainly in the global telecommunications, fibre-optic connectivity and data centre markets, and in the light communication industry.
The demand climate has a greater impact and is more relevant to the capital spending of global telecommunications operators and data centre cloud operators. If the global telecommunications network, fibre-optic connectivity and data centre construction phase are not as planned, or national support policies change, or new technologies, accelerated upgrading of new products and so on, may cause companies to become involved.
Lower demand for downstream applications and slower growth in market size will lead to slower growth in corporate incomes and even risks of international trade disputes: the ratio of overseas receipts by companies continued to rise during the reporting period, while part of the raw materials and equipment of the public sector was imported from abroad, and there was some uncertainty about the future evolution of international trade disputes.
There may be changes in the country’s trade policy. The company’s establishment of a plant in Thailand for this purpose will contribute to global production, while maintaining global diversification of the supply chain, but a clear adverse change in the country’s international trade policy may affect the company’s procurement and sales output.
The risk of a decline in the Māori ratio of products: the lightware industry is more competitive and prices for most of the company’s products continue to decline. While the Māori ratio of companies has generally remained relatively stable over the past few years, it has been associated with the market.
Increased competition, where future prices of products continue to decline while unit costs of products are subject to the impact of factors such as raw material costs, technical maturity of products and space constraints for regulatory efficiency enhancement, may also expose the public to the risk of a decline in the Māori rate, which may adversely affect the performance of the company.
The high-speed light engine projects where companies issue equity funds to specific targets are relatively low, and as the fund-raising projects gradually increase their sales earnings, they may reduce the company’s overall Māori rate. To this end, the company will continue to optimize its product life-cycle portfolio, increase its efforts to automate product lines and promote efficiency reductions.
Efforts have been made to contain the risk of a decline in the Maori rate. Risks of less-than-expected output of new products in light communication: company R & D inputs have increased steadily in recent years, building up OSa high-speed light devices, light separators, high-density cable connectors, lens
Many new product lines, such as arrray fibre-optic lens arrays, pm protection devices, fau fibre-optic arrays, awg array wave guides, rasters, high-speed light engines, etc.
Inadequate competitiveness of new product lines, or reduced market demand, such as new technologies, which result in inadequate access to adequate orders, may result in insufficient or even loss of profitability of individual product lines, thereby slowing or even reducing the rate of growth in corporate earnings and adversely affecting the sustainable development of firms.
1. Fibre communication: a single-stop lightware supplier, no-source-to-source horizontal extension, a single-stop solution provider of a single-stop light communication device. The company was established in 2005 to conduct three major operations, namely, ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters and optical-receivable interface components. In 2015, the company was successfully listed, expanding the product area to source devices after listing and extending operations to source devices.
Odm/oem encapsulation, with an increase of $786 million in 2020 for investment in high-speed light engine projects to further strengthen corporate competitiveness. Figure 1: Corporate development history.
A packaged Oem programme, with products added to pre-market main operations, such product lines as fibre optic lenses/separators/wire connectors/awg/plating, resulting in wave-combined coupling technology, fau fibre array design manufacturing technology, to-can/box chip containment technology, parallel optical design manufacturing technology, optical component plating technology, nanoscale precision molding technology, metal material micromethane manufacturing technology, ceramic material formation sintering technology
Technology and innovation platforms, such as technology, plc chip processing tests, now have the capacity to produce more high volumes of photo modules upstream, and can provide a one-stop solution for vertical integration of optical devices. Companies in Hong Kong, China, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Japan, the United States, Singapore, Thailand, etc., through autonomous investment and equity acquisitions
The State has successively established molecular companies to divide production and expand distribution networks. Among these, Goa An Tienfu is responsible for producing the company's traditional sourceless products. Jiangxi Tianfu is responsible for producing fibreglass lenses, separators, plating plating, awg array of wave-guiding rasters, etc., which have been expanded since the company's listing. In 2020, the company acquired precision and arctic light power, optical filtration tablets, optical spectrometers, optical spectrometers, etc. from the North.
A step-by-step expansion has now led to the formation of the Sioux State-based and R & D Centre; Japan and Shenzhen as R & D branches; and the United States, Singapore, Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Wuhan as a marketing branch: Jiangxi, Shenzhen and Su, while 23H1 has built new Thai factories to promote greater profitability and good performance of source devices.
At the end of performance, corporate revenue growth has been robust in recent years, and the rate of increase in net return profits has accelerated. By 2020-23h1, the demand for separate products has grown faster, leading to a sustained build-up of some of the company’s product lines.
Māori is higher than the source than the source, and the sourcer Māori has increased more significantly in recent years. 2020-23h1 Company Unsourced Devices Detachment Development, special fibre optic devices for silicon modules and single-channel high-power laser product development, fiber Array device product development for various special application scenarios, multi-channel high-power laser development for cpo-els module applications, vehicle-mounted laser radar lightware research
New areas of product development do not reach the expected risk, and the company relies on the development of a platform for optical device development for many years, building on professional accumulations in a variety of fields, such as basic materials and components, optical design, integrated envelopes, etc., and expanding to new products for customers in areas such as downstream laser radar.
On the disclosure day, while the laser radar lightware product is already produced on a large scale, and multiple customers, both in and out of the country, are in the sample validation stage, but the overall volume of production is shorter, the volume of customers is temporarily relatively small, and multiple customers send samples to verify that there is uncertainty as to whether the product can be successfully delivered through a transfer and obtain a larger volume of orders. If there is insufficient downstream demand for the product in the new area or if the company’s product is not competitive enough to lead to the expected expansion of the product in the new area, it is likely that the company’s output will not expand as much as it is expected.
Industry policy and development risks: the company’s optical instruments products are now sold relatively high on the optical communication plate, with downstream applications mainly in the global electricity, telecommunications, fibre-optic connectivity and data centre markets, more influenced by market demand in the optical communications industry, and with global telecommunications operators and data centre clouds
Producers’ capital expenditures are more relevant. If global telecommunications networks, fibre-optic connections and data centre construction are not as planned, or national support policies change, or new technologies, accelerated upgrading of new products, etc., may lead to reduced demand for downstream applications and a slowdown in market size, which will lead to a slowdown or even a decline in corporate income, with adverse effects on the company’s business performance and future development.
Risks from international trade disputes: The company’s share of overseas receipts continued to rise during the reporting period, while some of the company’s raw materials and equipment were imported from abroad, and there was some uncertainty about the development of future international trade disputes, which could lead to changes in the relevant country’s trade policies. The company set up Thai factories to promote global production and production, while maintaining global diversification of supply chains, if they involved countries involved in the company’s export and import operations
The risk of a decline in the Māori ratio of products: the lightware industry is more competitive and the prices of most of the company’s products continue to decline. While corporate Māori rates have generally remained relatively stable over the past few years, with increased market competition, if future product prices continue to decline while product unit yields continue to fall.
The company may be at risk of falling Māori rates, which may adversely affect its business performance. At the same time, the Māori rate is relatively low in high-speed light engine projects where the company issues equity funds to specific target audiences, and may reduce the overall Māori rate as the revenue from sales increases over time.
To this end, the company will continuously optimize its product life-cycle portfolio, increase its efforts to automate product lines, promote efficiency gains, and work to control the risks of below-expected output of new products in light communication at the Māori rate: the company ' s research and development inputs have increased continuously in recent years, and construction has expanded the OSa high-speed, light separators, high-density cable connectors, Lensarray fibre optic lens arrays, pm deflectors, fau fibre arrays,
There are several new product lines, such as awg arrays, and high-speed light engines. The expansion of new product lines, sustained upswings, while gaining customer recognition, has been accompanied by robust growth in corporate overall performance in recent years, but in the future, when new product lines are not competitive enough or new technologies have become iterative, as a result of reduced market demand, they may result in insufficient or even loss of individual product lines’ profitability and, consequently, companies.
The rate of profit growth slowed or even declined, adversely affecting the sustainable development of the company. 3.8834 million shares of Tienfu communications held during the period, representing 0.98 per cent of Tianfu communications total; on 30 June, the company announced that Tianfu Nin and 29.9595 million shares of Tianfu communications held between 20 June 2023 and 29 June 2023, accounting for Tian Fu Tong.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.