Tianfu communications (300394) light engines phased in, q2 performance significantly increased, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Billion dollars, 28 per cent more than year-on-year growth, 31.4 per cent more ring growth; net return to mothers of 140 million yuan, 59.7 per cent more than year-on-year growth; double growth in earnings and profits, mainly benefiting from the development of artificial intelligence ai technology and increased demand for arithmetic; and global data centre construction, leading to sustained and steady growth in demand for high-speed light device products, especially high-speed production
The growth in demand has been faster, leading to a sustained expansion of the company’s product line. The rate of gross and light-sourced devices has risen. In 2023, h1, the company’s bare-source devices earned $430 million, a decline of 12.9 per cent compared to the previous year; and the rate of gross and light devices is 55.1 per cent, a rise of 3.2 pp compared to the previous year.
High end product share rises; light source devices earn $220 million, an increase of 185.1 per cent in the same year; Māori is 41.5 per cent, an increase of 14.8 pp in the same year, mainly in the rapid release of high-speed light engines. As a person's needs for arithmetic rise, high end product production expands continuously, adding up to downstream customer demand guidelines, two companies
Business is expected to continue to grow. .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Companies are more sticky with large clients, and their share is expected to increase continuously, and is expected to continue to outpace expectations in the second half of the year. In overseas markets, companies accelerated the construction of Thai production bases and Singapore marketing platforms, and factories were established in Thailand during the reporting period to actively expand production capacity to respond to downstream demand.
Efficient operating capacity wins the trust and depth of cooperation of mainstream global clients. Dollars, corresponding to 57, 41, 30 times greater, cover, for the first time, the “possession” rating.
Sioux Tianfu Communications Inc. (tfc) was established in 2005 and landed on the China Enterprise Board in 2015. The Department has now become a leading provider of integrated solutions for optical subcomponents, widely used in fibre-optic communications, optical sensors, laser radar and bio-optics. Through independent R & D and industrial mergers, companies are working on ceramics, plastics, metals, glass, etc.
Several industrially leading processes and technologies have accumulated, such as Japanese tsuoismold's ultra-precision optical tools and mirroring techniques, high-precision coatings (film coatings) and microfiche (film) technologies, auxora's array wave conductor (awg) technology, providing a combination of vertically integrated products. The company has evolved from a sophisticated component supplier to a variety of packaging technologies.
The business layout of the foil communication extends from the sourceless light component to the high end of the sourceless light device, and then to the source-enclosed solution. The development process can be divided into three phases: phase I (2005-2010): product lines with ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters, and optical-receivable interface components III.
The company was set up in 2005 to promote rapid growth in capacity and technology development (2011-2014): horizontal expansion of high-end, non-sourced products, including separators, fibre-optic lenses,
Cable connectors, optical plating devices, awg, security devices, fa, etc., new product lines, along with the development of active light device replacements and wrapping product lines, including osaodm/oem product lines, box/to wrap product lines, etc. Phase III (2015 to date): extension of the sourceless device to source devices, with companies expanding the application area to radical applications
In 2020, the company fully acquired the Japanese tff-type company, the Arctic Photoelectric (Shen) Ltd., integrated resources and technology, and upgraded the company’s ability to serve as a one-stop provider of optical communications precision devices. It will continue to work as a world leader in the field of optical subassemblies.
First business, and then photon integration. Figure 1: Corporate history has changed, corporate equity structure is clear, and Xiaojun and Euros are corporate realists. As of August 2023, the top 10 shareholders
In China, there is a connection between Tianfuin and Investment Management Ltd. in Suzhou and Dream Chase Investment Management Ltd., which is a co-actor of Tianfuyn and Investment Management Limited in Suzhou. The company actually controls Zou Tianjin, the Euro-Yong couple and their children (co-operators) and Tian Fu and Tian Hin together holds 100% of the shares.
In recent years, the company has been deeply pursuing its strategy of localizing its services through autonomous investment and equity acquisitions, which have been set up in Hong Kong, China, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Japan, the United States, Singapore, Thailand, etc.
Molecular companies have been formed. Suzhou is now the headquarters and R & D centre; Japan and Shenzhen are the R & D branch; and the United States, Shinpao, Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Wuhan are the sales arm: Jiangxi, Shenzhen, and Su.
Over the years, the company has developed a management system suited to its own characteristics, accumulated management experience adapted to the company's business characteristics, and developed a pool of highly qualified managers.
A pool of highly qualified professionals from both within and outside the country in research and development, professional management, knowledge of the direction and dynamics of the industry, forward-looking industry layout, a deep understanding of client needs, efficient assistance to clients in the development of advanced products and the presentation of business solutions.
In recent years, the application of optical devices products from the company’s main camp has been extended from the light communication industry to laser radar. In the field of light-based communications, companies have been working on a long-term basis on the development, production, sale and servicing of various medium- and high-speed optical devices, providing vertically integrated one-stop solutions for lower-visit households, including high-speed coaxware package solutions, high-speed box package packages.
Reassembly solutions, awg-series lightwareless solutions, microoptic solutions, etc.. Depending on the existing mature optical communication industrial optical device development platform, using team expertise in a variety of areas such as basic materials and components, optical design, integrated sealing, etc., to expand to new products for customers such as downstream laser radar, including basic component products and integrated device products.
In order to respond positively to changes in the industry environment, corporate collections have shown an upward trend. During the four-year period 2018-2022, 36.4 per cent of the company ' s operating income achieved a double increase in operating income and profits, mainly as a result of the growth in the development and arithmetic of artificial intelligence technology, and the construction of global data centres led to a steady and sustained increase in demand for high-speed lightware products, especially at high rates.
In recent years, the company’s net profit on parent companies has continued to rise, and in 2022 up to 4 production bases and Singapore marketing platforms have been set up to improve the global distribution of corporate business. 2023h1 on parent companies’ net profit.
In 2022, sales of lightless devices were 80.2 per cent, while sales of lightless devices were 18.2 per cent, while sales of lightless devices were 63.2 per cent and 33.6 per cent in the first half of 2023.
Decline, but earnings have increased on a year-to-year basis, mainly as a result of product structure, with lower orders and sales of parts of the zero-component product line, and an increase in some orders of the same product line. The Māori rate has risen by 2% over the same period the previous year. The Māori rate has risen in both lightless and light-sourced devices.
Upgraded by 3.2 pp to the same ratio; 41.5% to the same year increase by 14.8 pp to the same rate. The company will continue its deep-farming communications industry by anchoring its 2023 business objectives, scratching products, focusing on the market opportunities for data centres as a result of artificial intelligence ai technology, accelerating the steady quality of high-speed lightware products, and increasing production capacity.
Increased sales and the rapid growth of core operations; market capture, enhanced call exchanges and road signs for domestic and foreign clients, especially for some overseas clients, with a global output distribution requirement of 1.7 per cent for corporate sales and $11.336 million for sales, an increase of 23.9 per cent over the same period, mainly due to salaries and fairs.
5.4 per cent of the year, management costs increased by 22.1 per cent over the same period, mainly due to increases in remuneration and security production costs; maturity in recent periods resulted in an increase in financial interest income on a year-on-year basis and an increase in exchange rate gains due to the impact of the United States dollar exchange rate.
Many new product lines, such as Lensarray fibreglass arrays, pm offset devices, fau fibre arrays, awg array-guided rasters, and high-speed light engines. Thanks to the expansion of new product lines, the company’s overall performance has grown steadily in recent years, while it has been recognized by its clients.
Assumption 1: As the big one model is being built like fire and the computing requirements are rising, the demand for the company's sourced devices is breaking out. Assumption 2: benefits from the upturn in the communications industry brought by aigc, higher value added products are expected to increase by a factor of zero. Aigc catalytic stacking with high-speed light engines continues to expand, companies continue to operate well, and corporate compound growth is occurring over the next three years.
The rate was 40.5 per cent, with a mixed performance growth rate of 38.3 per cent, which was significantly better than the industry, and the first coverage was given as a “holding” rating, and Noro will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.