Unsourced + active lightware platform layout, full benefit ai 13/09/2023 Arithmetic build-up wave
Keywords: # Second Curve: The company is the industry ' s leading provider of the overall solution of the optical device, with steady growth in performance and a steady increase in profitability at a higher level. For more than 10 years, the foil communications deep-farming device industry has built up a sourceless +
The company's 2022 and 2023-h1 revenues, respectively, are an important expense for North American cloud producers, and are expected to continue to double-click growth. North American four cloud producers have stressed in their latest financial statements that they will continue to focus on the construction of arithmetic facilities, although
Although short-term Google, Meta, Amazon, due to delays in the delivery of equipment, slower logistics platform construction, etc., have led to lower capital spending, in the long term, it is expected that the total costs of the arithmetic will be met.
Long. According to the Openai calculations for 2012-2018, the rate of increase will be 10 times higher per year. Although it will slow down, the rate of increase will still be much higher than the Moor Law, which predicts global ai eflops in 2030, during which period cagr = 47.6% of the corresponding data are transmitted in the context of the arithmetic explosion.
Report forecasts: h1 has outperformed expectations and ring demand for hardware is also an inevitable trend, and we can measure the cumulative market space for global arithmetic-related optical devices or more than $27 billion in different scenarios until 2030.
The high-speed light engines and lasers have been able to form a platform for casting light devices, which is expected to benefit the entire spectrum. The company maintains high R & D inputs, deposits high-quality products and enjoys the industry’s head rate of Maori.
There is a gradual expansion of strategic product maps, including investment fund-raising, equity acquisition, and early deployment of a potential trend product, such as Telecommunications (300394); a high-speed light engine in 2022, which meets high-speed light, high-integration light from downstream customers.
Quarterly: A steady growth in performance, a new race in demand for engines and high-speed optical devices, with full potential benefits.
▪ Profit predictions and investment ratings: we look forward to matching the company’s products with the growing demand of customers in the context of the wave, and to accelerating the spread. We predict that the company’s net profit share for the period 2023-2025 will fall short of expectations; there will be increased competition in the industry.
1. The company has provided an overall solution to the optical device, with eight solutions to the 13 major product lines. Suzhou Skyline Communications Inc. was established in 2005 in the field of deep-ferry devices for many years and has been a leader in the industry.
The company, through its own R & D and industrial M & A, has accumulated a number of industry-led technology technologies in such basic materials as precision ceramics, engineering plastics, composite metals, optical glass, which should be widely used in fibre-optic communications, optical sensors, laser radar, biooptics. At the same time, the company focuses on the international chemical industry.
Button, with Suzhou as its headquarters and R & D centre, Japan and Shenzhen as its R & D branch, Jiangxi, Shenzhen and Suzhou as its production base, and Thai factories are also expected to be operational this year.
Wirtschaftsprüfer is dedicated to the development, production, sale, and servicing of various medium- and high-speed optical device products, with 13 major product lines. It also provides a vertically integrated one-stop solution for downstream customers, with eight solutions, including a high-speed coax package, a high-speed box package package solution, and awg series of open-source solutions.
Fibre communication lines and programs can be divided into lightless and light-sourced devices.
The company uses laser radars and light communication devices for technical reuse, opening up the laser radar market and achieving volume delivery, which is expected to open up the new volume business. 1.2. Realistic controllers accompany the growth of the company, and equity incentives show confidence in the development of the company.
The founder, who has grown up to this day, is the company’s de facto controller. The chairman and chief engineer, Mr. Zou, and the director, Mr. and Mrs. O’Yan, are the company’s founders, acting in concert with their children, holding 38.13% of the shares as of July 25, 2023, through Furuyan, Suzhou, and Investment Management Limited.
In order to fully mobilize the motivation and creativity of directors, senior managers, core technical (business) staff and to effectively enhance core team cohesion and enterprise core competitiveness, companies launched equity incentive schemes in 2018 and 2021, respectively, with a performance appraisal of the equity incentive scheme in 2021.
The company's total operating income for 22 years has been 1,200 million yuan, and in the first half of the same year it achieved a net return of 40/240 million yuan, an increase of 31.5 per cent/36.4 per cent, compared to the 31.5 per cent increase of 31.5 per cent, which is a steady increase in the operation of a source-sourced device for communications, which continuously optimizes the profitability of the product structure.
At the same time that the bare-sourced product has performed well, the company ' s revenue from the light-sourced devices in recent years has also been from the 1990s, which is the 1990s, figure 8: Māori and net interest rates for Skyfoil communications, figure 7: unit prices for Skyfoil communications products (in dollars)
For many years, communications have maintained high levels of R & D inputs, and the cost has been kept under control. Fibre communications insist on R & D as the lead, and strive to remain innovative, exploratory, leading in the field of optical devices for the long term. In recent years, they have been active in opening up the luminous product lines, with R & D costs at around 10%.
2. Lightware: the core of the chain of light communications industry, ai-litre space 2.1. Light communication: the most dominant mode of transmission of information, with various categories of light devices used. Photocommunication is the mode of communication with light waves and is now the most dominant mode of transmission of information worldwide.
The system can transmit information from one place to another, and optical communication is a optical wave communication system that transmits information from fibre-optics. The basic optical communication system consists of three parts: a optical transmitter, a communications channel, and a light receiver, which converts a telecom into a light signal and sends the light signal it receives to a fibre-optic, which returns the light signal from the fibre-optic output.
The optical communications industry chain involves upstream chip components to downstream terminal equipment.
Tosa, light receivers (rosa) and so forth are produced through the optical device design manufacturing process and sold to downstream light module manufacturers. The latter assembles the tossa, Rossa, etc., into a light module, integrated into the light communication system equipment and eventually applied to the telecommunications network.
Figure 13: Photocommunication Industrial Chain 2.2. Light Modules & Light Devices: Important Parts in Photocommunication Industrial Chains
The light module is one of the basic building blocks of the physical layer of the light communication system, with the light module in the 5g light communication system costing up to 50-70% of the cost of the equipment in the system, the light launcher and the light receiver are the core parts of the light module, and the core parts of the light device are the optical chip. For example, the hardware cost structure of the 2022 end-of-the-light module is the light device.
Figure 14: Typical cost structure of intermediate light module (2022) Figure 15: Higher light chip cost ratio in higher light module (2022)
The total power of the light module is increased by the speed of communication, so that the plug-in module will double its power in the system. According to Cisco data, the total power of the light communication exchange system was 22 times higher in 2022 than in 2010, with optical components, including the optical module, accounting for 26 times the power of the relevant components. According to Lightconing and fibre optics online, the year 2018-2022 was deployed in cloud numbers.
According to the Centre, the total power of the light module was 330mw or 1.2twh, slightly higher than 1 per cent of the current total capacity of the cloud data centre, which is expected to rise to over 8 per cent in 2028. The Silicon-based +cpo programme is the potential best solution, and the cpo penetration rate is expected to increase continuously.
By contrast, the cpo option can significantly reduce its power consumption. When single-channel transmission is 200 g, the cpo programme power is only about half of the available plug-ins, and the silicon-based envelope + silicon chip is expected to be the best solution, given that the cpo option, photochips, optical devices, etc. (or light engines) need to be placed in the same base plate as the switch.
The ratio of cpo to 800g and 1.6t light modules will reach nearly 30% in 2027. The light engine, the core optical device of the cpo programme, is expected to continue to penetrate. The level of light module end integration is also increasing as the light module-exchange chip encapsulation evolves. Starting with 2.5dcpo, the light module
The end will be integrated into a base plate in the form of a light engine with a switch chip, while in the 3dcpo option, the light engine will be connected to the switch chip through the interpolator layer in the form of an integrated optical chip (opticintainedchip, oic), and in the cpo option, the light engine will be the most important photoelectric device.
2.4. Market prospects: telecommunications based on traditional digital markets, demand associated with the ai-litre market: high arithmetic demand drives the structural growth of 800g light modules. Model data volumes have expanded and arithmetic demand has continued to grow. Gpt parameters have grown exponentially,
Chatgpt's total power consumption is approximately 3640 pf-days (one billion times per second, 3640 days); gpt-4 adds interactive types of information such as images, videos, etc. to chhatgpt, with a content capacity of 25,000 words, and requires much more calculus than simple text interactions.
Says that gtp-5 was released between the end of 2024 and 2025 with a parameter of 100 times the value of gtp-3 and the required calculation of 200-400 times the amount of gtp-3. As the user and application range of chhatgpt continues to expand, the pressure on data processing increases, creating a huge demand for arithmetic.
The annual ai count increases 10 times a year, and although it will slow down gradually thereafter, it will continue to grow at a much faster rate than the “Moor Law”, which is projected to be more than 105 zflops in 2030, and 500 times more in 2020-2030, while idc anticipates a rapid increase in the corresponding demand for data transmission hardware in the context of an arithmetic eruption.
Hardware algorithms increase, and high-speed transmission pulls 800 g light modules. In May 2020, Anveta released a100, double-precision floats up from 7.8 tflops to 9.7 tflops, 8 a100 trainings 3.5 times as fast as 8 v100; and in March 2022, Anveta released H100 two-precision floats at a similar rate of a100.
The fast-up arithmetic requires high-speed transmission structures to match, and high-speed light modules such as 800g need to be upgraded. For example, 8 h100gpu make up one h100system, with a h100xh100system.
Each H100System is a node, 32 H00System nodes form an expansable unit (su), currently composed of up to 4 su, dgxh100sperpod, plus the number of gpus used by connetx-7 and superpod is 1016 pieces (for 4 sux32 h100system nodes x 8 pieces).
h100gpu, one of which is used to install network monitoring units without gpu, and 32 and 16 for spinal and leaf exchanges, respectively. 8 leaf switches per su, calculated for a total of 1,024 two-way connections (4 between nodes and leaf exchanges)
Sox 32 h100system nodes x 8 leaf switches, with a total of 512 two-way connections (32 leaf exchanges x 16 spinal switches) between the leaves-ridge switches. The original version of dgxh100 Superpod is transmitted between the nodes-leaf exchanges at 400g, and according to our research, it is expected that 800 g and above will be replaced in the follow-up network architecture.
Blocks, on the basis of which the following node-leaf switch will either use 2048 800g light modules, the leaf-ridge switch will use 1,024 800g light modules, and the 800g light module will be associated with the number of h100gpu approximately 3:1. Reference to the structure design of dgxa100 Superpod, using a two-layer structure when su is four
In seven cases, a three-storey structure is used, allowing the time module to compare the number of gpus with the same calculation process as in the above. As the need for arithmetic is raised, dgxh100 Superpod will be similarly extended to seven su-3 structures, with 800 g light modules related to H100 increasing to 4:1-6:1.
Based on the following data and assumptions, we estimate that the global ailight module and associated lightware stock market will reach 105 zlops or 1.05e+23flops by 2030;
The equivalent of 800 g light modules versus H100 is 3/4/5/6 in the unsympathetic context; the single g price is $0.6; and the combined Māori ratio of i-related 800g and above is 32 per cent;
Ai-related light module raw materials represent 95 per cent of operating costs, light device costs 60 per cent of the light module.
Accumulated stock market space for the global ai light module was $720/9100/144 billion, and the associated accumulated stock market space was $279,372/455/55.8 million, respectively.
Global data volumes are growing rapidly, and cloud producers' arithmetic capital spending is expected to continue to rise. The annual global production will increase from 33zb in 2018 to 175zb in 2025, with a capr 26.9%. Data eruptions bring high data demand processing, with single-quarter capital spending on head cloud companies like Facebook, Google, Amazon and Microsoft in the last five years.
In 2022, the capital expenditure of the four largest producers amounted to about $15.2 billion, an increase of 18.5% over the same period, and despite the local experience, the producers were positive about the development of the arithmetic, which is expected to increase structurally. Data centre transmission rates are rising, and 800g light modules are gaining speed.
25.6t conversion to 51.2t, in order to meet the increased exchange rate, there are two types of light module applications, one for upgrading light module usage, such as 64 400g light modules to 128, and the other for upgrading light module speed and replacing 64 400g light modules with 64 800g light modules. Compared to the 400g light module, 800g light module singlebit power consumption
Even lower, and more economically useful for cloud producers, the 800g light module is expected to add to the traditional cloud computing field the telecommunications operator market: 5g in the second half of construction, the operator ' s arithmetic build-up expenditure increased in 2023, the country ' s 5g investment gradually peaked, and the number of 5g base stations in the country stabilized.
In 2022, China built 887,000 new 5g base stations, with a cumulative delivery of 2,312,000, and in 2023, the number of new and open 5g base stations is expected to reach 600,000, bringing the total number of 5g base stations to 2.9 million. The data from the gsma show that China is the world's largest 5g market, with 5g connections at the end of 2022 exceeding 60% of the global total.
The total number of 5g base stations amounted to about 3.9 million, with 5g user penetration rising from 15% in 2020. The combined capital expenditure of the three major telecommunications operators in 2022 amounted to $35.91 billion, an increase of 2.0% over the year, and the cloud computing industry grew by more than 100% in total, and the operator cloud computing business is expected to expand a new wave through the ai application.
In terms of the structure of commercial capital expenditure, the “East-West” and digital economic development drive rapid growth in the demand for numeracy, with capital spending by the three major operators tilted towards numeracy network construction, and in 2023, the numeracy network-related capital expenditure by the three major operators amounted to approximately 89.1 billion yuan, an increase of 34.2 per cent over the same period (of which China's telecommunications base was expected in 2022), and in total capital.
Based on the following data and assumptions, we measure the global telecommunications and luminous modules and associated optical devices market space 2023-2030 (Note: The light modules in the calculations below refer to telecommunications and traditional luminous modules): according to Lightcounting, the global sales of telecommunication and luminous modules in 2022 were approximately $14 billion;
The global sales of light modules in 2023-2030 were distributed at a rate of 4 to 8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, as detailed in the table below;
According to our calculations, global telecoms and traditional optical module market space could reach $164.36 billion in 2025 and 2030, respectively, and the relevant optical device market space could reach $6.09 billion respectively.
The company has always focused on research and development, and the investment in research and development has been growing and maintained at the top of the industry. After more than a decade of cultivation, the company has accumulated a number of world leaders in such basic materials as precision ceramics, engineering plastics, composite metals, optical glass.
At the same time, the company has gradually expanded its strategic product layout through self-financing, equity acquisition, and now has the capability to develop and produce instruments of a more sophisticated type of upstream optical device for the optical and sender module. Depending on the diversity of the client, the company offers the client a vertical one-stop product solution for customizing the optical device and enjoys a leader in the industry.
The company’s forward-looking high-speed light engine products and associated zero-components will benefit fully from the wave. In 2020, Moul communications raised $786 million, dependent on the company’s technological deposition in the field of non-sourced devices and source coupling, forward looking, and the integration of open-source products into multiple product lines.
Household demand for high-speed light modules, high-integration light engines and high-speed light devices has expanded simultaneously and the company is expected to benefit fully.
Key assumptions and profit projections 1. Unsourced lightware products: In the context of the acceleration of the arithmetic construction, the demand for 800g light modules by overseas cloud producers began to grow rapidly this year, following on from the fall of overseas arithmetic to the traditional tectonics.
The 800g light module product, and the three-fold factor for building high-speed ai arithmetic for domestic customers, will continuously boost the market size of the high-speed light module and associated devices. The company is a leading provider of overall solutions to the industry, supplying customware products to industry head customers over the long term and maintaining a high Māori rate, and is expected to benefit fully from this round.
Arithmetic build-up wave. We predict that the company's sourceless lightware products will be collected in 2023-2025, respectively.
We expect this series to be another growth pole. In 2023-2025, each of us will be able to pick Sumiko, Taimei, photobank technology, and viewing technology for the same national PV manufacturer, which will be 61.0/43.7.30.6 times more than each. Given the company's role as a platform-type PV manufacturer in the industry, it will be a product.
A better layout and business size, with a higher level of profitability, is expected to benefit fully from an arithmetic builder, which can be valued higher, with a first-time overlay rating for “buy-in.” High-speed light devices require less than expected: if subsequent downstream client computing is not invested as expected, or if the light module is located in ai
(a) The use of the server network structure does not meet expectations in the present report and the demand for high-speed optical devices will fall short of expectations and corporate performance will be affected;
(a) In the case of clients, the company's performance will be affected;
Increased competition in the industry: the company is now in the lead in the industry, and if competition in the industry continues to increase, there is a potential for a decline in the share of the company ' s products.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.