The National Energy Agency has recently issued a circular calling for the acceleration of a number of priority transmission projects.
Work, in the next two years, will approve 12 ultra-high-pressure projects with a combined power capacity of 57 million kilowatts. As a leading power grid company, companies with core technologies such as super-high-pressure switch valves, control protection technologies, and stable city rates will benefit fully from the peak of this cycle of super-pressure construction, with robust performance growth.
The reported robust performance was slightly higher than expected: the company achieved business income of $10,558 million in 2018 h1, (oy+20.09 per cent) to the mother ' s net profit of $1,352 million, (yoy+50.77 per cent), and the change in accounting standards, netting off accounts receivable, generated gains of $260 million, and the return to the mother ' s net profit increased by the same amount of 21.54 per cent, slightly higher than expected.
The Māori rate declined by 1.62 pct, followed by a decline in revenue from guaranteed and flexible transmission operations affected by the pace of work, a peak in super-high-pressure construction, and a strong future performance: last year ' s sub-optimal high-pressure approval, which led to a decrease of RMB 1.386 billion in company relay protection and flexible transmission revenues in the first half of the year, a 22.17 per cent decline in the same year.
Recently released by the Department of Energy, 12 super-pressures, super-pressures for new approvals and openings will be approved in the next two years.
The firm, as a super-high-pressure locomotive, has a core of high-pressure flow valves, control and protection technologies, and a stable market rate that will benefit fully from this super-high-pressure construction peak.
Electricity network automation and industrial controls are growing steadily, and information and communications operations are increasing: companies have traditionally maintained robust growth in the automation of primary power grids and industrial controls, with a steady and equal increase in the share of cities, with revenues of $6,652 million (yoy+36.28 per cent) in the first half of the year, representing 63 per cent of total revenues.
In the first half of the year, interest and communication operations benefited from a trend towards grid intelligence, with revenues of 1,427 million yuan (yoy+49.58%), showing a high growth rate.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or re-distributed for any purpose in all or part of the report issued or printed.