Six-monthly review of the industrial layout, electricity grid automation and fast-growing communications revenue of $10,557 million, or 20.09 per cent, and net return to the mother of $1,352 million, or more.
The company has been actively engaged in the restructuring of the industry after the merger and purchase of Swe, the Ministry of Electricity and Networks, the Ministry of Information and Communications Technology, the Ministry of Electricity and Industry, and the further development of grid automation.
The electricity grid automation and engineering operations generated $6,652 million (yoy+36.28%), a centralized tender, market concentration and a similar increase, the winning bid for the South Net General Power Surveillance, the Shandong Direct Flow Mixed Distribution Network, Chongqing Leases, Xu State Metro Line 2 and the Beijing Metro Line 3, among other major projects.
Projects such as data warehouse single machines, power-control centre automation, big-scale, real-time data service platforms, etc.. The process of re-electrification accelerates as the way energy is produced and consumed, with a high proportion of new energy sources, access, the widespread use of new energy devices, the physical properties of traditional power grids, operating patterns, market patterns
In this context, we believe that domestic grid investments tend to be skewed towards enhancing grid security and grid intelligence, deepening the integration of modern information technology with grid technology.
More and more, the company’s electricity grid automation and information and communications operations are expected to continue to grow at a sustained high rate, with a slight decline in the same year’s coverage, related to the progress of the direct-flow project, followed by the maintenance and flexible transmission of electricity, which remains the company’s most resilient plate, generating $1,385 million in 2018h1.
(yoy-22.17%) Actively involved in several demonstration projects, such as the North-Soften Direct Flow, the Shandong T-Light-Closed Ring Network, and other core equipment, such as straight-flow breakers and high-speed measurements. On the subsidiary side, 2018h1 has achieved a net profit of $719 million (Yoy+77.97%) on electrical security, and a net gain on insurance.
93 million yuan (Yoy-18.42 per cent) and a net profit of 87 million yuan (Yoy-52.88 per cent) was realized by the Central Te Puri.
In the future, we believe that we will benefit from yet another build-up peak of direct-flow super-pressure. As R & D investment continues to increase, the cost of three increases.
Disruption of critical techniques such as hyperpressure straight flow failure analysis and co-disposal, multi-end flexible straight flow control protection, smart distribution control terminals, new three-way video surveillance devices, generic quantum vpn, and encryption cards. For three rates, the sales cost of 2018h1 was 5.93%, up from the same period last year.
The main reasons for the increase in costs and management costs were the increase in salaries of employees following the reorganization, which, respectively, affected current sales costs of $65 million and administrative costs of $77 million.
Soft direct flow operations are expected to benefit from the background of the super-high-pressure intensive construction plan, and we measure that the grid automation process is not as high as expected; grid security is not as high as expected; network information is not growing as expected; super-high-pressure construction is not progressing as expected.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City