In the first half of 2018, corporate revenue grew steadily and profits were on track. In the first half of 2018, the company achieved business income of $10.58 billion, an increase of 20.09 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of 2018, the company electricity network automation and industrial control operations generated $6,653 million, an increase of 36.28 per cent, or 63,01 per cent of the total, and a Māori rate of 28.45 per cent; the electricity automated communications business is expected to reach revenue targets of approximately $3.5 trillion by 2020, with huge market prospects.
In the area of automation and industrial control, the competitive bidding market share has increased by the same amount, and new operations such as systems protection, cloud control, and deployment to integration have made a breakthrough.
On the operational side, there is a significant expansion of information and communication services, regulatory and advisory services, information security operations, major projects such as network management of the data network, data warehouse single machines, automation of the power control subcentres, high-volume real-time maintenance of the data service platform.
After a decline in the collection rate of SMS operations and Māori, the company managed to raise $1.386 billion during the reporting period, a 22.17 per cent decrease over the same period, which was largely influenced by the progress of direct-flow engineering. The company was actively involved in the Cheong Kit Nai and Shandong high-pressure communication rings.
The company was involved in the construction of several grid demonstration projects, and the world’s most high voltage level and maximum capacity of 500kv sub-pfc was successfully delivered, leading to the completion of ~535kv.
Soft-line core equipment is developed and validated, with an overall international leader. Camera equipment is integrated into the market of 100%, with a winning range of 750kv seaside patches, 220kv algal alumina upfc in Shanghai, a demonstration of the Suzhou Direct Fluid Network, the Sutong Gil Integrated Colony Engineering Monitoring System, the Yoon Qing direct flow distribution network.
Demonstration project, Zaqing Auxiliary Control Project, under the World's Maximum Capacity Battery Repository -- Dalian Current, The 200mw Repository Energy Project of the State.
(600406): A steady increase in performance, with a combined winning value of $2.5 billion in the first tender for equipment for the second pilot project, with a high market share for single projects as much as the parent-package ready to be issued
65%, further reflecting the company’s technical advantage in the soft-flow field. The successful introduction of strategic investors improved public access through the completion of matching financing, the introduction of strategic investors, the introduction of two strategic investors in the isthmus, and the introduction of the National Investment Commission’s Industrial Fund, among others.
The division’s equity structure has injected new dynamism into the company and contributed to the efficiency of corporate governance, and is looking forward to its future. About $2.5 billion of the funds raised will be used to pay for the cash exchange and $3.433 billion for project investment, to be invested in the industrialization of the igbt module, the power electronic equipment production line, and the power power-driven power drive.
Projects such as production lines, industrialization of electrical engineering and security protection equipment, of which $2.1 billion will be used for the development of the igbt electrical electronics industry, which is the core power unit for grid equipment and will become the company's future business.
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.