Power grid automation, information and communication services as growth engines The company in the country (600406) achieved business income of $10,558 million in the first half of 2018, an increase of 20.09 per cent in the same year;
Growth in operating income in the first half of the year resulted mainly from grid automation and industrial control, electricity automation and interest communication operations, with revenues of $6,653 million and $1,427 million, respectively, representing an increase of 36.28 per cent and 36.28 per cent, respectively.
There was a decline in ultra-high voltage, soft transmission projects, a fall in revenue of 22.17 per cent to $1,386 million, and a decline in Māori rates of 3.32 pct to 36.14 per cent. Power generation and hydro-environmental operations have cut off revenues from photovoltaic operations by 2 pct to 14.01 per cent, offsetting the impact of Māori rates and further promoting profit growth.
□ Short-term growth benefits from grid automation, information construction
A number of major projects, such as the Shandong direct stream distribution network, Chongqing lease, Xuzhou subway line 2 and Beijing subway line 3. The country’s grid distribution network was accelerated by 2020, followed by the electricity grid automation industry, one of the major developments in the area of smart grid construction, and the company’s efforts to expand information and communication services.
The performance of the company will continue to improve. The company won the pilot demonstration of the North-Flexible Direct Electricity Network in the first quarter and obtained 2.5 billion yuan in orders, in addition to the mountain high-voltage communication ring project, which continues to maintain a high-high-voltage and flexible power transmission rate.
In view of the short-term lack of growth in the relay protection and flexible transmission operations, the future tender for Utung Deok Fu and the Qinghai-Hananan T-shirts will also be released.
Xu Chengmeng has no rating - it is impossible to give a clear investment rating because it is impossible to obtain the necessary information, or because the company is faced with significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons. The market benchmark index is 300.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.