Changes in accounting standards and the automation of the net profit grid and the performance of industrial controls and telecommunications were highlighted.
Investment rating: on 28 August, the company issued its semi-annual 2018 report, which generated $10,558 million in revenue for the current period, an increase of 20.09 per cent over the same period, attributable to the net profit of the parent company
The company is a listed platform under the flag of the national network, with two major power grids in place: the company's main system integration and engineering operations, which are designed, manufactured, sold and related to it. These are the automation of our electricity systems, super/high voltage/direct transmission of electricity, soft sex/direct flow.
With the restructuring of electricity transmission, hydropower automation, orbital traffic surveillance and industrial control, and integrated energy, power secondary equipment has become more secure. The company’s largest share is the Nanxi Group, which is actually a public platform under the national grid.
The performance for the current period was in line with expectations, and the increase in net profit was a result of changes in accounting standards: the firm actually increased in the current period (s07905180001).
The accounting estimates for the range of bad accounts receivable (receivables, other receivables, etc.) prepared and open-source equity companies have been revised to apply the applicable method in the future for this accounting estimate,
Urban Gate B, 5th floor, $263 million. After deducting this increase in profits, net profits grew by about 21% over the year.
Upgraded industrial layout and operating mechanisms, grid automation, industrial controls, and high levels of ICT performance are expected to sustain growth in the future: semi-annual reports indicate that during the reporting period, firstly, electricity grid automation and industrial control generated revenues of $6.653 billion, compared with the corresponding figures.
36.28 per cent increase in the previous year. The main reason for this is that in the area of grid automation and industrial control, companies increased their share of the competitive bidding market in the first half of the year, and breakthroughs were made in new operations such as system protection, cloud control, and redeployment to integration. For example, the central switchboard electricity monitor of the winning south grid.
Second, electricity automation information and communication currently earns 1,427 million, an increase of 49.58 per cent over the previous year.
Six months of active expansion of information and communication operations, the management of the network of the winning data network, the data warehouse unit, the automation of the power control points centre, and the maintenance of the big real-time data service platform.
With 1,386 million, the same year down by 22.17%, largely affected by the progress of the direct-flow project, it is expected to grow back in the future as the project lands. Overall, electricity grid automation and industrial controls are expected to continue to drive growth, and so on.
Don't fall back, the company's looking good.