Sound business goes hand in hand with smart hardware.
The company is the leading international electronics company, the main business is the electronics and electronic parts business, and the micromics and high-end vr products are the first in the market. The company’s business income in 17 years was $9,974 million, an increase of 52 per cent over the same period, a net profit of $719 million attributable to its parent shareholders, an increase of 52 per cent over the same period, and an increase in performance.
Quick. In the future, companies are expected to benefit from the rapid development of the audio appliance upgrade and electronic fittings business, re-enhancement of the smartphones, continued robust development of the electrophone business, and future companies will benefit from an increase in the number of smartphone speakers (singk-double spk-4spk), waterproofness.
Yang Ouane can upgrade products (ip67-ip68), increase the number of microphones, increase the volume of noise ratios, and raise the single machine value of the audio and learning devices. With the boost of Apple phones, the state-produced Andre is expected to keep up with the upgrade of the product.
The spread of smart hardware has become a new engine for the growth of companies. The share of business income in electronic parts business has increased from 27% in 15 years to the first half of 17 years.
In 2016, electronic parts were produced at 205 million, as a result of the launch of a realistic product project by Betti. Gore acquired the sound company Dana and audio technology solver am3d, set up the wearable product research and development company anima, and published the Vr design platform in collaboration with Hightower, vr 820 and so on.
In the future, the company will fully benefit from the industrial development dividend and its performance is expected to increase further.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 1,000th Hengsheng Da, Lujiang Gate Road, and Fukuda District, Fukuwa 6th tax-free.
China's free trade experiment in the city's highland conglomerates is the leading international electronics company that owns the market for micro-mics and high-end vr products.
First, it is the second largest market in the area of microphones, leading the market in areas such as headphone products, smart electronics, mems microphones. Corporate performance is expected to grow steadily as acoustic components are upgraded and electronic parts are operating rapidly.
In the long term, the cost of cellular acoustic devices is expected to continue to rise in the context of the development of smartphones in the acoustics business, which will continue to benefit; in the area of smart parts, the share of corporate revenue in total operating income is rising year by year and is expected to increase in the rapid development of the vr industry.
As for the main differences with market views: the market believes that the current decline in the mobile phone market may affect the company’s main business.
In the first quarter of next year, part of the machine orders of some mobile brands have been adjusted to normal, which does not represent a reversal of the medium- and long-term trend in mobile sales. At the stock competition stage, the mobile phone industry chain will be driven by a new upgrade, which is an important driver of performance growth.
It's now 27 times higher than the security margin. It's complete, and the company's capacity will increase further. It's expected that with the upgrading of acoustic components and electronic parts, the company will be the leading international electronics company.
For more than a decade now, the Acoustics component of deep-deep farming has been at the top of the world's electronics equipment. Gore S.A. was established in June 2001 and placed on the market at the deep-seated site in May 2008. The company's main business is the audioware business and the electronic parts business. The main products of the former are micromics, miniatures, and microscopic.
Sound speakers, speaker modules, antenna modules, wired headphones, wireless headphones, mems sensors and their other electronic components. The latter are mainly smart sound products, smart home video game parts, smart enough to wear electronics, virtual reality/enhanced reality products, industrial automation products, etc.
According to the company announcement, the company is first in the market in micromics, first in high-end virtual reality products, second in the market in microphones, headphones, smarts in electronics, smart home video game parts, mems microphones,
Some areas, such as mfms sensors, have taken the lead in the market.
As of August 2017, the top ten shareholders in Gore's shares were Gore Group Limited, Kang Bin, Kang Long, etc. The top ten shareholders together held 52.48% of the companies and the stock structure was fragmented.
Born as a real controlr of the company and initiated by the company's predecessor, Elyda, for Mr. Kang Bin, among others, to stabilize the international control of the human person. 1.3 Products have a high level of Maori, and electronic parts are growing faster.
Corporate operating income has increased steadily in recent years, from $19,288 million in 16 years to 21.6 per cent in 12-16 years, combined growth rates that have been affected by the decline in the volume of goods delivered by large clients over 15 years, and net profit returns from the parent sector, where the share of electronic parts in two major businesses has increased over the years, with 57 per cent of operating income in 17 years.
Self-sounding devices, 39% of which come from electronic accessories. With the advent of the future era of artificial intelligence + smart hardware, the electronic parts business is expected to continue to be a new driver of performance growth.
Companies continue to scale up the development of new technologies, new products, new processes, research and development inputs, electronic components, sensors, smart sound, virtual reality products, smart-to-use electronics, smart manufacturing, etc. In the first half of 17 years, companies have continued to increase their R & D investment to facilitate global competition for their products.
Further increases in competition and occupancy rates. R & D costs are higher (millions of yuan) and M & A levels are maintained at higher levels (%)
The main products of the company's audio equipment business are micro-microphones, micro-speakers, speaker groups, antennas.
Modules, wire headset, bluetooth headphones, mems sensors, and other electronic components. Companies occupy first place in micromics, second in microphones, and lead in areas such as headphones, mems microphones, mems sensors, etc.
In the first half of 2017, following the strategic direction of “parts plus whole”, the company continued to strengthen the market leadership of the electronics domain, introducing new types of electrical capacity with waterproof, stereo-sounding, higher albedo performance, with the growth of downstream demand in 2016 and the continued roll-out of new products.
Continuous expansion, with 1.75 billion electrophones capable of producing 1.98 per cent more than the previous year. In 2016, 89.05 per cent of the company ' s electroacoustic equipment was used, a smaller change than in the previous year, at a reasonable level. According to production, the company produced 1,558 million electroacoustic units in 2016, an increase of 1.44 per cent compared to the previous year.
Microsound devices and module extension projects have grown in capacity, resulting from increased billing capacity. In 2014, companies issued debt-transferable projects, mainly three projects: smart car sound and car sound systems, wearing products and smart sensors, smart terminal antennas, and loudspeaker modules.
The project is expected to reach its intended operational status by the end of 17 years.
Microphone. Although mobile phone styles are constantly being updated, including the newly released metascope of Mi's mix, which uses the suspense electro-ceramic sound technology, these three basic functional devices cannot be bypassed for the time being.
The circulatory circle is connected to the membrane, which uses the man's voice through the air to act on the pulse circuits and magnetic fields.
Under the pulse circuit and the magnetic field vibrating, and then under the membrane, electromagnetic sensors are generated.
Under, create an electromagnetic sensor, because of the working principles, the coils, the coils, the coils, the coils.
And it creates the drive, the amplification, and it creates the drive, the amplification, the magnetic field formed by the magnets of the wheat head.
Vibration after strength, oppression of air, post vibration, oppression of air, cutting, forming a weak current.
The cost of smartphone acoustic devices is not very high, but with the demonstration of iPhone's upgrade to acoustic devices, acoustic devices are in stereos (increased number of speakers), waterproof (ip67-ip68), and so on.
2.2.1 Stereo: Increased number of speakers, single spk-double spk-4spk. Previously, smartphones were able to achieve stereo effect through single spk switching power, and now mainstream mobile phone manufacturers
The biggest change in the iPhone7 audio device is that it actually achieves stereo sound. When a user overturns a cell phone, its stereo speaker has a single voice on both sides of the right and left, and is able to recognize and convert automatically when a user flips a cell phone.
In addition to the fact that smartphones are built outside loudspeakers, which can be matched with headphones that can be enhanced by stereos, the coolie changers s1, vivoxplay6, oppor9, Central axon 7 are also starting to use two-speakers to achieve stereos.
The upgrade of the national Andre model is also under way, and Gore is expected to increase the market share of non-North American large clients in the trend towards product upgrading. Figure 11: Stereo sound effects through the configuration of double spk
iphone5&note5 (singk) galaxyc9&iphonex (double spk) The future direction is to upgrade the rcv to spk from the top of the cell phone to two down at the time of play
Spk can play stereos and double the value. A path from single to double spk and then to 4 spk. The country’s electronics industry has started late, and after many years, it is now the world’s largest.
Producing and exporting countries, as well as global centres for the processing of electrophone devices. The Chinese Institute of Commerce and Industry predicts that in 2017 we will produce 1,954 million speakers, an increase of 3 per cent over the same period.
ip68 usually refers to the level of ip, of which ip is the abbreviation of the index protection. ipxx, of which xx is two arabic numbers, the first marker number is the level of exposure to protection and protection of the alien, and the second is the level of protection.
Mark numbers indicate the level of waterproofing, and the higher the level of protection, the better. ip68 is the highest level of waterproofing, and ip68 equipment is representative of the ability to completely prevent dust entry and, at a certain pressure, to leach for a long period of time without damaging the equipment.
Acoustic waterproofing materials can be used mainly in acoustic products such as cellular horns, hearing tubes, mics, bluetooth earphones, and so forth. This increases the single machine value of the products in the absence of an increase in the number of acoustic devices.
i. A waterproofing film is installed at the port of the equipment to provide pressure discharges and balancing functions for the equipment when it is exposed to dust, spatters and temporarily immersed water. A waterproofing product provides sound equipment with dust and spatter barriers, without causing a significant decrease in the transmission, integrity or quality of sound.
ii. Gas products prevent daily fluid intrusions, such as carbonated drinks and coffee.
Although this year's new product, iphone8/x, introduced by Apple, did not reach the ip68 level, the trend is that the three-star level of the future transition from ip67 to ip68 is also increasing the single machine value of the acoustic device.
Figure 14: ip68 waterproof dust specification is a future trend of 2.2.3 microphones: Increased number of mems, increased noise ratio
New demand, for example, has led to an increase in the number of microphones and product upgrades. With the type of microphones, mems microphones have replaced e-cm-macks with their excellent audio collection systems, temperature stability, and small sizes.
On the number of microphones, iphone 5s/6 with three microphones, iphone 6s with four mems microphones, and mame 9 with four microphones. The increased number of smartphones allows for sound loss, increased sound quality, and so on, and is the way forward.
In terms of noise ratio, now that microphone noise is generally around 60db, the future noise ratio will be further up to 72db, which will effectively increase the value of acoustic devices and raise the cost of bom. According to idc, apple cellular output reaches quarterly in the fourth quarter of each year and in the first quarter of the second year.
It is expected that in the first quarter of 2018, mobile sales will continue to perform well, driven by two more innovators, iphone8 and iphonex. Apples, or a few more, will continue to boost sales during the second half of the year.
Gore shares are expected to benefit from the high sales volume of North American major clients’ products, as well as from the higher cost of upgraded acoustic devices, leading to performance growth. Thirdly, the extensive layout of smart hardware has become a new engine for corporate growth.
3.1 Wide distribution of smart hardware, with a gradual increase in the share of the company's electronic parts operations, mainly smart sound products, smart home video game parts, intellectual ability to wear electronics, vr/ar products, industrial automation products, etc., are widely used for intellectual purposes.
Figure 15: Products of company smart television accessories, Figure 16: Products of company home video games, etc.
Gore, based on the core advantages of the acoustic component and hardware, works with the world’s leading producers of voice interaction, sports control, technology, etc., actively on the layout of hardware and technology. The sound company Dana was acquired, the research and development company anima was set up, the audio technology solver am3d was acquired, and it worked with high-tech.
The distribution of the vr design platform vr 820 etc. is an extension of Gore in the field of smart hardware. The revenue from the electronic parts business is higher than it is every year, with 57% of the revenue from the 17-year h1 business coming from the electronics and 39% from the electronics, which is a significant increase from last year.
In 2016, with the growth of downstream demand and the continued roll-out of new products, the capacity of companies continued to expand. The capacity of electronic components was 205 million, an increase of 10.81% over the same period.
The production capacity of electronic parts was 82.42% and the capacity utilization rate was higher. The production of electronic parts of companies was 169 million, an increase of 2.62% over the same period, mainly as a result of the increased capacity of companies to produce products that they could wear, virtual real products, and order orders.
Table 7. Production of electronic parts for companies, 2015-2016. Currently, the more common mode of operation in the electronics and electronic parts industry in our country is the oem and odm model, which is most evident in the production of tags and billings, as the cycle of new technology development is shrinking.
The growing individualization of demand, the rapid shift in consumption preferences and the increasing fragmentation of consumption have led to increasing competition for electronics, a rapid fall in prices, and a shrinking product life cycle. Gore will provide product designs, manufactures, and services in the future, based on the personalized needs of clients, and will be passive.
The odm model translates into an active jdm model, that is, joint design and manufacturing with clients. Gore, in the context of new smart hardware products, is working in business areas such as “hearable, viewable, wearable, robotics” :
1. In terms of virtual reality. Gore accounted for 70% of the world ' s top vr output in 2016. In addition to a series of collaborations with Chase, Gore, as a co-founder of the Virtual Real Estate Alliance, is working with companies, vice-presidents, and with other institutions to advance virtual real estate development; and
Gore is also concerned with 360-degree cameras, as well as the processing of vr3d images, which enables more people to produce 3d content themselves.
In the area of smart watches, Gore has built the country's first 3g children's smart watch, based on a three-year technical advantage in communications. In the design of research and development, Gore can provide id design, electronic design, architecture design, software development.
At the same time, Gore has a wealth of high-quality zeroware product lines, such as sensors, motors, antennas, precision structures, etc., that can be vertically integrated into smart-dressed products.
According to the Home Environment Record, “maps” plan routes, circumvent barriers to autonomous access to a given location, achieve usual voice commands and interactions, remote video and voice chats, etc. 3.2 Smart products are growing rapidly and companies enjoy the dividends of industry growth
3.2.1 vr product application scenes are becoming more widespread, and now industry is generally of the view that vr penetration is only a matter of time, five years slow, and maybe even three years fast. Whatever the reality is going to be, it's going to be more intense.
And more and more of the vr products, including the oculus head display equipment, are already in our everyday lives, and the intelligent products are on a fast-growing path.vr has a number of vertical fields, from games, video, medicine, education, simulating driving, action capture, etc.
Holograms, panoramic cameras, optical, naked 3d, brain waves, neuromusculars, etc., can be perfectly integrated with the vr technology. From a disaggregated field, the vr industrial chain can be divided into equipment, manipulation, camera/3d projection technology.
Classes, development tools, studios, education, etc... The equipment class is represented by top-level equipment such as oculusvr, htcvi; the control class includes products such as a virtuixomni full-way jockey, leapmotion body controller; and the camera/3d projection technology class includes 360 degrees virtual at professional levels such as jantvr
Reality cameras; tools such as unity development platforms, worldviz toolkits, etc.; education directions, including wofbert, provide art education on virtual reality platforms. The vr industry chain is very deep and wide, and there is still great potential to be exploited.
The vr equipment in the current market is dominated by products such as Samsunggearvr, Sony Playstationvr, oculus rift, and htcvive, which can give consumers a sense of being present. Gore shares are currently involved in co-production of oculus and playstationvr, with technology leading the world.
The data released by Trendforce show that global virtual reality equipment will be sold to 14 million units in 2016, increasing to 18 million in 2017 and increasing to 38 million in 2020, with vr products growing rapidly.
In this area, Gore shares accounted for 70% of the world’s top vr output in 2016. In the future, companies are expected to take a pre-eminence on the fast track of virtual real-world product development as industries grow at a high rate.
3.2.2 Smart watches are expected to lead to a high growth in equipment that can be worn directly on its body, or a portable device that can be integrated into the user’s clothes or accessories.
In order for the cloud to interact with each other to achieve a powerful function, wearable devices will make a great difference to our lives and perceptions. According to Gartner's projections, 504 million items are expected to be sold globally in 2021, and smart watches and head displays will be the two types of equipment with the highest rate of increase in sales in the future.
It has introduced an applewatch3 with remarkable progress, and Samsung has introduced a better-movemented Gearsport. It is also important to highlight new sports performances, but also to focus on digital outdoors.
The introduction of the watch2 and the brand-size brand new products has also attracted the market, and Gore has been providing intellectual/oem/odm services to brand companies such as Sony and Hua since 2013. Companies will benefit from the boom in industry in the future.
The company’s main business is electronics and electronic parts. In 2014, the company issued debtable items for smart car sound and car sound systems, wearable products and smart sensors, smart terminal antennas, and loudspeaker modules.
The company’s output expansion is largely complete in its state of use. In 17 years, the company’s profits began to increase, with production capacity.
Electronic parts business: Prospective net contribution for 17-19 of a fund-raising project, products and smart sensors. Company is expected to make a steady growth in acoustic components business, and electronic parts business is growing year by year. Company management is robust, and we use a comparable companype valuation method.
Smart product markets are not growing as expected, and slow growth in smart product markets may affect corporate smart parts operations, and hence corporate profits, core technology brain drain.
Increased demand and competition for high-end technology research and development and production talent in the consumer electronics sector could lead to the loss of core skilled personnel and the leakage of core technology, which could affect companies ' long-term development if firms fail to continuously refine the various incentive mechanisms.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) does not regard the recipient as a client and not a reader who has no business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.