Merchant snakes: one more son of the buyer of Xiangzhou, one more child of the producer city, one more success of the union.
The value of the land is 11,662 acres, including 3,376 acres of the double-fish island, and the cost advantages are evident in its non-marketing capacity, where the average floor price for residential land is less than 8,000 yuan per square metre, and the co-development model of the former port-central zone-back town is replicated to share the co-development of the co-development policy of the former port-central zone-back town.
We maintain the view of the recent report, " Resource Quality for Growth, Production-Cities for Eco-Integration " , which, on 8th of January, was announced that we would acquire $8,853 million in self-financing.
(b) Upon completion of the transaction, the merchant snakes became the shareholders of the comptoirs and acquired a level I land development area of 11,662 acres, including 3,376 acres of the Twin Fish Island, the first of which was approved by the State Council to operate the artificial island project.
2.5 On 10 April, the company released its April operational data: in April 2018, the company achieved a non-marketized land area1 and increased cost-benefit profit. The deal expanded the land area by about 7.77 million, including the first approved operational artificial island - 2.25 million for Double Fish Island, according to
The average cost of land is less than $1,500 per square metre for a transaction of $8,853 million. Of the 1.5 million plots of land in the total earth reserve, 1.2 million are on the double-fish island, and the housing floor is less than $8,000 per square metre, compared to the surrounding land price (one thousand yuan per square metre) without taking into account commercial and industrial land.
Since 2017, the company has relied on the vanity of leading state companies, working with Kun, Wu Gang, East Wind Real Estate, Zhejiang Agro-Development Group, among others, to highlight resource integration and non-marketized land acquisition capabilities.
The “former port-central zone-back town” model is replicated to share the policy dividends of the city.
Merchant Snakes fast-tracked 2017 performance: excellent, high-tech port-of-the-art industry is able to play its full radiation-driven role. The company releases this pattern, with high growth in the future.
The synergies between the development and operation of the community and the park will be further promoted, the development model of the former port centre-back town will be implemented in depth, and the seaside plate will be targeted in advance to further develop the dividends.
China-China Silver International Securities Company Ltd., which is expected to gradually narrow down the price gap with Xiamen, share the economic radiation from the Xiangmen and Xiaoqing City, qualify for portfolio investment consultancy.
Real estate: real estate development is expected to be more innovative. We maintain our recent report, Resource Quality for Growth, Production Cities for Eco-consolidation.
The main risk to ratings is a significant decline in sales in the real estate sector and a significant upturn in interest rates.