Kang Eining's performance has increased significantly, sales have increased at a steady rate, with a “buy-in” rating of q1 published in 2018, yielding yy + 32 per cent, net profit yy + 172 per cent (net profit after deduction)
The company ' s 2018q1 performance increased significantly: the company issued its 2018 q1 financial report, which generated operating income of 9.16 billion yuan, an increase of 32 per cent, and the net profit of shareholders belonging to listed companies of 5.78 billion yuan.
Performance analysis: The significant growth in corporate performance of 201801 over the same period was mainly due to (1) a significant increase in the share of the Shenzhen region ' s high Maori projects carried over from the company ' s real estate development business during the reporting period, with the combined Māori rate rising by 26.3 percentage points to 49.5 per cent over the same period. (2) The equity share of the company ' s carry-over projects during the reporting period
Corporate exchange gains increased by $230 million on a year-on-year basis over the period of the product portfolio, while management and sales costs decreased to varying degrees, with the overall three rates falling significantly by 4.1 percentage points to 3.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
During the period, the company gained investment gains of $3.8 billion in three total asset transfers, an increase of $1.350 billion, yoy + 54 per cent over the same period.The company ' s 2018q1 real estate sales increased at a steady rate: the company ' s 2018q1 achieved 1.49 million flat sales.
Pyre, yoy+8.9 per cent better than the average in the real estate sector (in January-March, the national market area for merchandise houses q1 was actively expanded and sufficient resources were made available: 218q1 accumulated 3.6 million squares of new land construction, 2.4 times the area sold, paying 29 billion yuan in land prices, representing the amount sold
Ninety-three per cent of the company’s land expansion has increased considerably. The company currently has over 25 million square metres to develop, and plans to start 10.6 million squares of new work throughout the year, with 6 million squares completed, sufficient land reserves and stocks, and effective safeguards for the company’s development and extension needs over the next two years; resources can be carried over.
We measure the company's outstanding sales at the end of 2017 at about $95 billion, adding up the company's 18-year target Profit Forecasts and Investment Proposal: while corporate q1 performance has increased significantly, real estate company performance is more relevant to project carry-over, and the share of high-mori projects carried forward in the future is or will decrease.
Over-expected growth in performance and a significant increase in proceeds from the sale of the project as a whole, with a small increase in our expectations (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.