Performance analysis: performance in 2017 meets expectations; growth drivers are intact, business is well ahead of business
We believe that: (1) the company owns high-quality plots in Hong Kong and Australia (more than 10 million square metres in Shenzhen, which accounts for about 40 per cent of the total land stock); and (2) the parent company ' s cross-sector resources provide a wide range of land outreach channels and create sufficient resources for the company to expand its diverse portfolio of assets.
Opportunities; (3) Companies actively promote equity options and employee incentives such as projects and investment, and have access to low-cost finance through diversified financing, which will help create better medium- and long-term growth prospects for business contacts.
1. Income increased by 19 per cent to RMB 75 billion on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of an increase in the average settlement price and a 2 per cent increase in the area of completion. Real estate development/work, by business block, rose to 40 per cent in the fourth quarter, based on the impact of the land value added tax (VAT) in Shenzhen and Shanghai.
High-profit project delivery (about 20 per cent of summary income) contributed to an increase in the annual Māori rate of about 5 to 35 per cent, 3 percentage points above our projections, mainly due to differences in the composition of the items.
Impacts are largely offset by increases in real tax rates and lower than expected proceeds from asset disposal (the sale of three Beijing/Shanghai assets will result in an estimated RMB 2 billion in revenue to be added to the real estate base in 2018.
110 per cent of income (average of 75 per cent) and the net liability ratio at the end of 2017 from Commissary (001979.sz) income statement (rmmn)
The annual level is consistent with our projections, with a 3 per cent return on dividends calculated on the basis of the latest round-up price. $265 million (21 per cent in Shenzhen). Based on 57 per cent of the sales rate, management's goal was to increase the volume of contract sales by 31 per cent in 2018, following the same decline in the area completed in 2017.
Sales are expected to grow robustly; we expect an increase in revenue to 29 per cent in 2018. 3. Merchant snakes are one of the major national companies that have spearheaded the introduction of incentives and innovative sources of financing: (1) 23 projects in 17 cities have been covered since the launch of the cooperation programme in May 2017, with 1,200 employees investing more than RMB1
billion yuan (1.14 per cent of total project investment and 5 per cent of the ceiling set by the company); (2) merchants also take the lead in promoting innovative sources of financing, such as long-rent apartments cmbs (RMB 6 billion, 18 years, interest rate issued 5.7 per cent, first issue completed) and abn (RMB 20 billion, 15 years). The ability to access low-cost long-term financing is important for companies.
A slowdown in industry and a tightening of the credit environment are essential to achieve strong and sustainable growth. 4. Expanding synergies with parent companies and opening up diversified access to land: over the past three years, the share of new projects acquired by commercial snakes through multiple partnerships has reached around 50% (at the cost of equity land).
The cross-sectoral resources of the Commissariat Group, through which traders have access to land to expand asset portfolios such as the old city renovation, the consolidation of State-owned assets and the development of the cruise mother port, may significantly broaden the growth prospects of companies, as reflected in recent achievements.
Merchant snakes currently offer a significant discount of 41% on the value of the expected net assets at the end of 2018 (average discount for developers in the scope of the study 1. The risk of a concentration of business in Shenzhen. Shenzhen implements severe regulatory measures and the merchant snakes are more sensitive to potential large fluctuations in the city of the Shenzhen building, which may result in lower than expected sales and profit margins.
The oversupply of property over demand may put pressure on the future of the Shenzhen rental market, especially if Shenzhen develops and advances from the trading zone and fails to implement the development of the pre-Haitian sector: (1) the details of the project's development plan are still under negotiation with the local government of the former Sea; and (2) it is a priority project with a high-profile development cycle of up to a decade.
We, Li Wei, Wang Jing, cfa, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the research industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. Returns are the sum of the capital return indicators projected for each year, such as croci, average application of capital return and net asset return. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gain, dividends return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of historical fluctuations of 12 months and adjusted for dividends.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. We then rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two of which represents a medium probability (15-30%) and three of which is a lower probability of Qantum.
Quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or to compare gssustain gssustain between firms in different industries and markets, a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries.
Rewards, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risks to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance) are expected to be successful in the long term vis-à-vis industry leaders around the world. Candidates are based mainly on a comprehensive quantitative analysis of business performance in these three areas.
China’s real estate sector: Yagulai properties, Heng Dao, Kim Mau, China’s shares, China’s shares, China’s Hongyang, China’s overseas territories, China’s overseas lands, China’s overseas lands, Huank (h), Bei Gui Park, Green City, China’s Fulbright Estates, Da Ying City, Kanthai Fu, Yong Dynasty, Lung Dynasty, Dragon Lake Estate, Conservation Industry, Red Star Mi Qilong, Shi Mau Real Estate, Faro Estate, Soho China, In-Hing Land.
Statutory corporate disclosures Company ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions Return decisions. Any stock that has not received a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. a stock that is not suspended, not rated, suspended or not studied) is considered to be a neutral rating.
The distribution of purchase and sale ratings in the industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Board. Moreover, each regional investment assessment board manages a list of strong regional purchases or sales, which changes the investment rating of these stocks.
Gives investment ratings and price targets. The investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply.