By the time the value is paid, 2018 is expected to go up to the next level, and the annual report (001979) will be published by the merchants, with a total of 75,455 million yuan in business income achieved by the company throughout the year in 2017, compared to the previous year.
Increase of 18.69 per cent, net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $12.2 billion, an increase of 27.54 per cent over the same period, sales volume up hundreds of billions of steps, and acceleration of the Māori uplift to meet performance commitments \triangleright
In 2017, approximately 200 projects were sold in nearly 50 cities throughout the country, as well as in Hong Kong and New Zealand, achieving a contracted sales area of 570.01 million square metres, an increase of 20.98 per cent over the same period; sales averaged 1978.5 per square metre, and the pace of the company ' s four-quarter closing accelerated with a single-quarter carry-over of 48.970 billion yuan, or +82.5 per cent, representing 64.9 per cent of the year ' s total.
At the same time, thanks to a 3.1 and 0.7 percentage points increase in sales rates and net interest rates in 2017 respectively, companies have outperformed their commitments throughout the year. Diversification has expanded positively, with a strong future sales base.
During the reporting period \triangleright, the company maintained a high rate of expansion and built on the old deep-deep cities into the cities of Nanton, Kunshan, Ka Hing, Tin-free. According to the annual report, in 2017, the company was heavy on the first line, the second core line, and the surroundings.
In addition to the demand for urban access to land resources of 1,023,000 square metres, including 5.94 million square metres of equity, which is 45.7 per cent and 37.8 per cent, respectively, the company has a strong advantage through various channels such as inter-firm cooperation, political entrepreneurship, mergers and acquisitions, intra-group resource synergies, and the expansion of new industrial cities.
In 2018, the company will continue to take advantage of the opportunity to expand rapidly, with plans to achieve a new construction area of 10,66 million square metres, a completed area of 5.93 million square metres, a signed sales amount, multi-channel financing that maintains a cost advantage, and investment mechanisms that motivate employees.
\triangleright completes the issuance of several direct financing products. During the reporting period, the company successfully completed the registration and issuance of the $5 billion medium-term bill, and was granted the $15 billion amount of corporate debt issued and the first 2.4 billion issued, for the first time on the exchange.
Single-store long-lease apartments with an amount of 6 billion yuan and joint construction of banks to complete the first inter-bank market. Long-rent flats with a value of 20 billion yuan are registered, financial instruments are used effectively to build up the stock of assets, and substantial financial security is secured for the company’s long-lease product follow-up development.
The Kyoto Real Estate Fund, at $5 billion, opens up a new model for stock turnover; completes the agreement to establish a permanent fund and a commercial fund to introduce a stable fund partner for the company, and contributes to the strategic development of the company.
Cost, average corporate financing cost of 4.8 per cent in the reporting period, 0.3 percentage points higher than in 2016, continued to be in the industry. Companies formally implemented the project and investment system during the reporting period, combining the previous employee-equity schemes and equity incentives.
Over the past six months, the investment system has covered 17 cities in five regions. It has already reached 100 million yuan, improved its efficiency and kept the company’s cost low.
"Survey and Practice of State Enterprise Reforms - 150 Central Enterprises " , prepared by the organization, as a national business reform book, sold back to warm, plated or to be repaired ad4dildmlaconcernit&din
At the end of the reporting period, the company had set up a “one-ton” white-collar apartment, a “one-ton” condo, and a “one-ton” service flat.
In the reporting period, the company’s owner’s apartment business accelerated, and an apartment was signed in Beijing, Chongqing, and Shenzhen Hai Yiku.
In 2017, the three pillars of corporate community development and operation, park development and operation, and cruise industry construction and operation continued to develop in synergy. In the area of park development and operation, the companies established industrial research branches in Shenzhen, Beijing and Shanghai during the reporting period to conduct in-depth studies on industrial policy, industry ecology, and the future direction of industry.
To guide the direction of industrial convergence in corporate parks, and in conjunction with the People's Daily News, a “New Industry Alliance of China” was established to bring together leading enterprises in the emerging economy, high-growth small and medium-sized enterprises and industry associations, focusing on production alliances among different stakeholders, working in depth with industry through brands, finance, scientific research, platforms, etc.
In 2017, in the construction and operation of the cruise industry, the first year of the complete operation of the Prince's Bay, the Mother Port, followed by the reception of a number of international cruise ships, such as the Virgin Star, Silver Shadow, Oceanic Navigator, Atlantic, Cloudtop Dream, a cumulative fleet of 109 cruises throughout the year, covering the world's Top5 cruises.
In addition, the company, in conjunction with the Shenzhen City Department of Human Tourism, organized the Shenzhen cruise carnival to promote the cultural immersion of the cruise to foster the customs of the Shenzhen market. In order to promote the virtuous development of the cruise market, the company led the establishment of the cruise tourism union and actively explored the establishment of the cruise sales.
The new model: wharf services, cruise ship services are also increasing in practice.
Incentive systems have been actively pursued to achieve rapid growth in performance in recent years. Corporate resources have been of high quality, with significant land reserves in the second-line cities, particularly in the heart of the Australasia Bay region of Hong Kong, where the three operations of communities, parks, and cruise ships have developed in tandem and have great potential for future development and are expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
Figure 1: Growth of corporate sales in recent years Figure 2: Growth of corporate business income in recent years Figure 3: Growth of corporate net profits in recent years
Figure 4: Increases in both Māori and net sales interest rates for corporate sales Figure 5: Maintenance of low cost ratio Figure 6: History of company peband
A summary of company financial statement data projections. Research on the direction of industrial development. Wang Yui, Master of Accounting, Zhejiang University, used to be a real estate trust for three years.
In 2017, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, was admitted to the civil securities industry, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial, and not to be influenced or influenced by any third party.