A significant increase in profitability, the successful release of Bentua 3 incident: Nasda published its semi-annual report for 2024, and the company collected $12,794 million in the first half of the year, Nastya (002180.sz)
4% increase over the same year; net return to the mother is 974 million yuan, an increase of 177% over the same year; net profit is realized; Bent: overall sales ring ratio is improved, national production of a3 laser printer is successfully released. 2024h1, Pang Sinxing
Some of the company ' s core operations show that: (1) Pronto Electronics: it achieved operating income of 2,202 million yuan, a 4 per cent decline in the same year, and the Māori rate improved significantly in the same year, with net profits of 386 million yuan, a 43 per cent increase in the same year. In the first half of 2024, the overall sales of the map printer decreased by 15 per cent on the same year, but last year ' s third year.
Since the quarter, the sales of the Mercedes printer have improved for three consecutive quarters, and the round has continued to grow by 20% in the second quarter of this year. In the case of the IT market, the first six months of the year saw a 32% increase in the volume of the original printer, based on a fully autonomous core of technology and the competitiveness of excellent products.
Exploiting overseas markets, the two-quarter ring sales of Mercedes printers have increased significantly, at a rate of about 50 per cent. (2) LALI: LAA has achieved revenues of $1,085 million, a 6 per cent increase compared to the previous year; LAA printer sales have increased by 22 per cent on the same basis, interest tax depreciation and pre-distribution profits (ebitda) in the first half of the year
One hundred and twenty-seven million dollars, a 45 per cent increase over the same period. The successful release of China’s first all-China printer, the main a3 printer, in May of this year, means that the map is fully equipped with the core technology for the industrialization of laser printers.
In the first half of the year 2024, in the chip business, the amount of $675 million, a 12 per cent drop in the same year, was lost in the amount of US$ 675 million.
A 14 per cent increase in the ring ratio in the second quarter; net profit of $299 million, an increase of over 100 per cent in the same year; net profit of $68 million, net profit of withholding. In general consumption business: H1 generated revenue of $3,193 million in 2024, an increase of 10 per cent in the same year; net profit of $87 million was realized
Dollars, 10 per cent increase in the same year; overall general consumption sales, 21 per cent increase in the same year.
Ping has successfully filled the domestic market gap; also in the industrial sector, polar micro has launched the first ghd3440 power plant-specific fence drive. In the future, companies will accelerate layout in high-end product applications, providing strong support for performance growth.
In the first half of 2024, the overall Māori ratio of the company was CindaSecuritiesco., Ltd.
Prior preparation of market demand; 2) subsidiaries affected by policy, whose repayments were delayed; 3) reduced the current year's financial recovery associated with the operation of Kim Dynasty No. 127, Wumen West Avenue, Beijing.
(a) Profit forecasts and investment ratings: the Benevolent Industries Letters are expected to produce significant increases; the first half of the year, the Benevolent Maps published a3-all-owned laser printers, with high product competitiveness and high market potential;
The components of \triangleright are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consulting.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.