The world's kings of lithium electricity continue to lead the industry upwards.
▪ The profits are far higher than expected, highlighting the company’s resilience to fluctuations in the supply and demand cycle of $7,396 million, and the four-quarter earnings are far higher than the expectations. We analyse the reasons why the expectations are higher: (1) the supply of high-quality batteries is in short supply and the price of battery products rises; and (2) the company’s forward-looking pre-stocking of the less secure industries in large amounts of industry.
Material, to avoid significant increases in raw materials such as lithium carbonate since 2021 q4 affecting profit margins; and (3) storage, to release and recover raw materials-related businesses with higher profitability. The company’s control of the industrial chain up and down, its understanding of the product’s price cycle, its energy at the end of the procurement, and its enforcement are still one level higher than that of my competitor.
At the end of 2021, the market was concerned about the share of other battery plants in the company, which, according to China's Alliance for Innovation in the Automotive Battery Industry, was rising further. In 2020, its domestic loading market was 50%, 2021%.
The data show that the share of global installed aircraft in the Ningde era was 31.8%, leading the second place, lg (20.5%) 10pc, up from 7pc or more in the whole year 2020 (24.1%). The Ningde era global dominance is stronger.
(1) The chocolate-for-blocks are expected to match the model developed by 80 per cent of the world's pure power platforms, which are already on the market and will be on the market in the next three years; and (2) a brand of new services in evogo, with three features: a car with more than one electric vehicle, on demand.
Rentable, refillable electricity; (3) its “Small Green Ring Family” member No. 1: a Bent Nat mix to replace electricity, highlighting the history of the flagship, 2021.10.28 In the future, 10 cities will be selected for the first start-up of the power exchange service, and more branded replacements will be published.
Corporate Information Updates (CIR)-32 billion investment in positive pre-optimal ratios versus operating vehicles, mainly in terms of: (a) breaking through the battery end-of-service market, completing material integration, increasing medium- and long-term cost advantages -
Batteries have closed their entire life-cycle value chain and have created recycling channels; (b) some degree of uniformity in battery chassis standards is expected, and this historic task is most likely to be accomplished by more than 50% of the companies with the highest barriers.
It's a show-off, continuing the upward cycle of new energy sources.