Super-expected performance, leading the global market - The Ninder Times (300,750) Dynamics Review (first time)
In the Ningde era, the net return profit is expected to be $14-16.5 billion in 2021, with excellent performance, power cell taps, and the company is the leading producer of lithium batteries around the world.
The company expects 2021q4 to be the number one in 2021, with 97gwh/yoy+168% total, based on sneresearch data; and 33%/yoy+8pc.
Largely above the lgc loading capacity of 60gwh/yoy+76%; global cities 20%/yoy-3pct. Pine, byd, and sk are ranked 3-5th, and global cities are ranked. Overall, corporate performance is high, and global cities are significantly higher, through
The multi-dimensional dimensions of technology, product rotation, cost advantage, etc. continue to consolidate their global power pool leadership status. We believe that companies are expected to continue to lead the industry with their powerful technological, productive advantages.
Global production is expanding, industrial chains are heavily spread, companies are actively expanding production capacity, cash flows are strong, and chain chains are continuously stuck. Public production is expected to exceed 700gwh. We expect the company to deliver about the volume of lithium batteries in 2021.
The company has a sophisticated and deep industrial chain that expands its core competitive advantage. The company achieves positive poles (Bump, German, Yung, Yu, etc.), diaphragms (Engye, etc.), and electrolyte (Technology, Yong, etc.) through joint ventures, acquisitions, strategic cooperation, etc.
Many raw materials, such as Tai, Sicon of the time, negative poles, copper beads (Kimmy, Kawon), lithium (the superb), equipment (the first-intelligent), equipment, etc., are supplied, secured and supplied to secure the supply chain and expand the cost advantage.
At the same time, the company has been active in such applications as power switching, storage, etc., deep industrial chains, deep-ploughing lithium gold track, highlighting competitive advantages, deep-ploughing lithium gold track, deep-covering electric vehicles, storage, power switching, etc.
With the scene, there is a lot of room for future growth. Technically, the company has been able to optimize the performance of its products, expand the course, add the code sodium batteries, and sodium batteries. The company has been able to create four new technologies around materials, systems, manufacturing, and business models.
New system with high focus energy (330wh/kg energy density), long life (up to 16 years or 2 million km), super fast (up to 5 minutes to 80%), high safety, self-controlled temperature, and technological innovation in management,
We believe that corporate R & D power, technology storage industry leads, actively pushes forward innovative applications like ctp/ctc, high voltage, high nickel technology, pet bronze, and companies play the three main platforms of material innovation, product innovation, intelligent innovation, and keep pushing the product.
Updates and updates. Implants around “Replacement of fixed fossil energy with renewable energy and storage at its core”, “Removable fossil energy generation with power cells at its core”, and “Integration of market applications with electrodynamic + intelligence at its core
Based on the precautionary principle, the impact of the increase on performance and equity is not considered for the time being. It is expected that the company’s high-quality track, with full client coverage, will have the advantage of a leading global competition.
We appreciate the opportunities for companies to grow up in the medium to long term and give a “recommend” to the risk of policy volatility; downstream demand is lower than expected; product prices are lower than expected; competitive patterns are less risky; capacity expansion and digestion are less than expected; and progress is less advanced than expected.
Yin Bin: Dr. Science, Chief of New Energy. Four years of business + five years of securities + one year of fund experience, served successively in Biade, Central Thai, East Wu, Bothai, and China Sea. As a core member, it covers lithium power cells, fuel cells, storage energy and related chain of industry related to listed companies and new energy vehicles.
Li Jiangtao: Master of Quantities in Economics, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, one year of famous pe practice, four years of securities tested, 2021 of new energy cars and listed companies, reflecting my research views.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.