Circular Express (600233): In line with industry trends, the digital transition is promising, and it is a combination of domestic leaders in courier logistics, technology, aviation, finance, commerce, etc.
Circular Express is an integrated international supply chain of courier logistics, technology, aviation, and interoperability. Companies use alliances as their main mode of operation, using a hub transit centre, a comprehensive international supply chain of finance, commerce, etc.
A business model of self-employment and end-of-end network flattening has built up a well-developed business in harmony with partners. By the end of 2022, circular couriers had two delivery platforms.
Listed companies, the whole network has over 5,100 branches, more than 80,000 service outlets and terminals, and a variety of centres.
In addition, it can be observed that the increase in corporate profits in 2022 was significantly greater than that of other couriers.
We believe that the corporate-driven digitalization shift towards the conglomerates responds to the larger trends in industry and is the main underlying factor behind the higher performance of firms than comparable firms. Industry outlook: shift from price-based to diversified competition, where the quality of services determines product premiums
After many years of competition, the product hierarchy of the express delivery industry is becoming clear. The appliance sector is a mere 52 weeks of equity space, and the space for further price reductions is shrinking, and the customer’s demand for quality of service continues to rise.
This means that the business strategy of relying on price instruments to capture incremental customers faces a diminishing marginal return on business strategies that rely on high-quality services to obtain product premiums, and a marginal gain on business strategies.
As the industry moves from the incremental market to the stock market, the real decision about the profitability of the business is pricing the word of the flow b/h (million shares). To do this, the enterprise needs to improve the quality of its services and become deeply involved in the customer’s supply chain system.
And moving digitalization from headquarters to a full-fledged ally is a competitive strategy in the face of a business transition. Corporate change: Digital transformation leaders, building a “non-pollution camp system.”
In its annual report of 2020, the company proposed to deepen the overall digital transformation, creating a “non-directed direct business system” as a central objective of the company in the coming years. Given the high degree of digitization of the company’s direct transit system, the main objective of the transformation is to digitize the association system.
Digital transformation is driven by the trust of allies in headquarters. Full digitalization means that partners need to record a lot of customer and business information into their headquarters information systems. And that information is what allies are for. If headquarters and partners are not able to build good mutual trust, the digital transformation is stuck in data acquisition.
So digital transformation is not just a technical issue, but more a question of trust or the distribution of benefits. At the implementation level, the circle goes through two main system tools: "Netmaster" and "customer butler"
The current pain spots of the industry are targeted optimized: in process optimization, the piper's software converts a large amount of process-type work that would otherwise need to be done manually into on-line auto-processing, and the user simply needs to provide specific information or give judgement instructions at key nodes.
Not only did it significantly reduce the burden on software users, but it also significantly reduced the full process processing time for complex operations like refunds, settlement of claims, etc. In terms of efficiency mitigation, the housekeeper system can help the allies complete more accurate cost estimates within a short period of time.
In addition, the introduction of webmasters has resulted in a significant increase in efficiency in billing, a significant reduction in client repayment cycles, a week of association funds, and an increase in Eastern financial intelligence.
In the long run, the digital transformation of the federator can help the couriers to achieve a positive cycle at the operational level, in essence by connecting information channels between headquarters and the conglomerates through the digitalization bridge, strengthening bilateral mutual trust, and reducing internal consumption within the federated system, thereby achieving a win-win. This is also what the “non-directed direct-account system” wants.
Consistency Express competition has sunk from the headquarters level to the Allies level. A strong company, which empowers allieds and helps create more value for allieds and end-of-pipe points, is the main line of competition in the new industry. Unlike the automation transition that prevailed in the industry a few years ago, the Allies have been joined.
The overall digital transformation has a more obvious pre-emptive advantage, and the quality of the services it brings to it clearly enhances customer stickyness and plays a vital role in the retention of high-quality customers. The fact that the circle is now at the forefront of the industry in terms of enabling allied businesses is the main reason why we recommend companies.
Year-end values are 13.0, 11.6 and 10.4 times. The first coverage is given as a “recommended” rating.
Full coverage of municipalities above the county level in the provinces (districts, municipalities). The company has developed a well-developed express delivery business platform in harmony with its partners, using the hub transit centre self-employment and end-of-pipe network flattening operating model, which effectively guarantees the company ' s ability to balance control over the overall express delivery service network.
Industry dynamics and business realities, timely and flexible management adjustments to coordinate and balance global benefits. Figure 1: Companies rely on the business model of the direct transit network and the end-of-end federated network for their services. In recent years, companies have maintained a robust business style, with business growth consistently above industry average, with market shares gradually moving from about 13% in 18 years.
Figure 2: Corporate business growth continues to be higher than industry growth Sources of Eastern financial and intellectual excellence In terms of profit structure, the regular year couriers contributed around 80% of Māori, with lower prices in 20-21 on the one hand due to competitive prices in the industry
In the following year, the net interest rate and the Roe level for couriers are expected to continue to decline over the period 19-21, mainly because of the effects of the epidemic, which combined with the price wars in the industry. In 2022, the industry quickly emerged from the price-trigger trap as a result of increased restrictions on low-cost dumping by the Ministry of Regulation.
By contrast with other Express companies, we find that the boom in profits in 2022 is more pronounced than in other companies. So, the strong recovery in circular profits has benefited, in addition to the reasons for the overall warming of the industry, from the inherent changes in circulars.
2. The industry outlook: price wars can be controlled, competitively diversified and profitable industry leaders 2.1 price wars will be long-standing, but the intensity can be controlled.
The industry has entered a price stabilization period since the second half of the year, during which period unit prices have continued to shrink, with a marked recovery in income from the HQ, a situation that continued until the end of last year. But since this year, there has been a marked increase in Express price competition over last year, with the Post Office’s one-size-fits-all price and HQ single-gauge revenues showing a downward trend.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Round Express (600233): In line with industry trends, the digital transition is promising. Figure 8: Increase in unit prices for ex situs from the beginning of the year to the present (in parts/inputs)
On the one hand, some investors consider the apparent erosion of regulatory pressure to be one of the main reasons for the resurgence of price wars, but this is only a superficial expression. The regulatory sector has never opposed price competition, which is an essential route to industrial development.
On the other hand, some investors believe that once regulation has weakened, the industry can easily slide back into the pitfall of vicious price competition. We don’t think it is appropriate to go too low.
In the long run, self-restraint in the industry is the first to avoid a vicious price war, and regulation can intervene strongly in a short period of time, but it is unlikely to continue. The current weakening of regulatory intervention suggests that the industry’s self-restraint mechanism is not ineffective.
The price wars that will follow will be maintained in a benign competition context, and it is unlikely that the vicious competition of 20-21 years will be repeated. 2.2 Industry operations will gradually become clear, and price competition will gradually shift to differentiated competition.
1. At the top of the price ladder are personal and commercial items, characterized by low price sensitivity on the part of clients, but high requirements for prescription and services, which are currently occupied by two straight couriers, Comfort and Ems. 2. High-end high-priced electrical items in electronics are mainly related to products such as 3c products, high-end cosmetics, and they share the same requirements for timeliness and safety.
There are also some price differences within the mainstream power suppliers. The middle and circle prices are relatively high, and the hymn and offer prices are quite low. The main power suppliers have higher demands on the economy, but the cost of the power suppliers continues to fall.
In the broader context, the quality of services has gradually become an important target for clients in the selection of courier companies, and they are willing to pay a premium for it. 4. Low prices cover mainly the most price-sensitive clients, and are now mainly the most competitive in the field between the rabbits and Shin-Tung.
Figure 10: The bottom-up penetration of stock markets has proved extremely difficult, but upward penetration is feasible, and as the product level of the express delivery business has become clearer, intra-line competition has begun to diversify. On the one hand, for customers with different claims, it is natural to buy products of different attributes; on the other hand, since long-term price reductions have become cheaper than express deliveries themselves and continue to decline.
At the same time, we find it increasingly difficult to move through the current situation by expanding the user base by lowering prices, making it more difficult for cross-products to penetrate downwards, as well as the fact that the “low-price” network of acquisitions marks the end of direct delivery to the area of association.
As downward penetration is bound to be subject to cost and reputational pressures, it is likely that there will be a loss or loss if there is not enough incremental customers to make up for it, and that there will be insurmountable barriers to scale. In the larger context of rising speeds in the express delivery industry, the viability of sinking-style development is being eroded.
Thus, for most couriers, the search for upward penetration based on steady-stock customers is a sound development strategy. Whether it is steady-stock customers or up-flowing incremental customers, price-based instruments are not an upscaling option, and relying on better quality of services to achieve goals is a way to make investment less rewarding in the long run.
Different types of customer distress points vary for customers using couriers. Some industries, for example, have pain spots in exchange for goods, some of which are vulnerable and some of which are subject to higher prescription requirements, so that the ability to provide services to different customers targeting their pain spots would greatly enhance their customer stickyness and thus obtain a service premium.
2.3 The competitive dimension of the competition has been a great success, and the industry’s price elasticity is far greater than its quantitative elasticity. From 2021 to the present data, the market competitive environment has indeed shifted from price to competition.
First, the strategy was to exchange higher business growth for low-cost strategies; instead of the offer, the strategist strategy was to abandon some of the low-priced clients voluntarily through business restructuring, thereby maintaining a lower rate of business growth but maintaining a higher level of unit prices; and the circular followed a more conservative middle course. As can be seen, different firms in the industry were divided over “heavier share” and “heavily price.”
Figure 11: Growing speeds in corporate business (three months smooth)
In the case of customers who are price-sensitive, the continued use of price strategies is a natural choice, but if customers are more sensitive to the quality of services, it is rational to raise the price of services by giving them a higher-quality experience. From a long-term business perspective, it is clear that companies are more likely to profit from service-sensitive customers, which is also industry warming in the second half of the year.
The main reason why hyphenics, even in the face of short-term pressures, has driven business quickly since then is why, from the point of view of financial data analysis, the impact of changes in industry prices since 2021 has been far greater than the impact of changes in performance. For example, since 2021, the net profit growth rate of circulars has been largely decoupled from its growth in business volume, with profits growing largely as a result of a single increase in profits.
This proves that in the current express delivery market, profit gains by upgrading the quality of services are much more efficient than by increasing the volume of business. Through a study of successful circulars, we believe that the most rapid way to improve service efficiency at this stage is through a comprehensive digital transition.
3. Corporate change: The digital transformation has significantly increased organization, creating a “non-directed” system. In its 2020 report, the company proposed a deeper and comprehensive digital transformation as a central goal for the company in the coming years.
In the early stages of the digital transition, we have to solve yesterday’s problems, present the problems that have already occurred, and address them. At this stage, we have to manage what is happening in real time.
Since 2009, companies have continued to invest heavily in the development of a courier service operating system with autonomous intellectual property rights, the “Golden System”, which has been developed over the years and is now independently developed.
And the ability to upgrade, the functionality of the system is highly compatible with corporate business development.
The company has developed a full-link control system using the Golden Kong system as the base data system, and has developed systems and platforms including “managing the cockpit”, “network-site butler”, “guest-keeper”, “walker system”, “allied” to cover the full business process of receiving, transiting, dispatching, passenger service, achieving information monitoring, tracking and resource mobilization throughout the fast-moving life cycle, providing effective capture of the quality of corporate services, cost control, network management, etc.
Hand, the day-to-day monitoring and evaluation module of the company is being refined, refined, the border is being further extended, the business is being digitalized, computerized, intelligent water, and we believe that the effect of the digital transformation is to be seen mainly in two ways: first, by consolidating the system of association and enhancing network stability; second, by substantially improving the client experience; and by helping the conglomerates with cost control and process optimization and continuing to empower the conglomerates.
In contrast to previous optimizations at the headquarters level, the focus of the digital transformation phase has shifted significantly, with the alliance system being the focus of the digital transformation. 3.1 The focus of the digital transformation is not at headquarters, but at the grass-roots level, as shown in the finance reports of various courier companies in recent years, it is assumed that the cost of infrastructure investment in the express delivery industry is falling in marginal terms.
The main future contribution to further cost optimization may be process optimization as a result of a digital transition, including dynamic resource allocation, route planning, etc. This optimization has been more fully validated within the express delivery company’s headquarters and transit system, and the space for subsequent continued optimization needs to be realized by sinking to the conglomerates and end-of-pipe network points.
Between 2016 and 2020, a significant reduction in the cost of automation in the express delivery industry was considered to be a very effective route, with automation in place, in contrast to middle, hymn and round, as we can see, between 2017 and 2019, the cost of a rounded single ticket lags behind the hymn and middle, which is to a large extent related to the early layout of the hymn and hymn on automated equipment, starting in 17 with the equipment class in the INF fixed asset.
The volume of assets has started to increase rapidly, clearly beyond the circle. It is with this wave of automation dividends that the amount of transit costs has dropped significantly over the 17-18 years, and the amount of access has widened at the cost end. Figure 17: The volume of assets in the corporate equipment class has increased significantly, but not at the same time as the amount of hyphenics and centrifuges.
But it is clear that there is a problem of diminishing marginal gains from fixed asset-based dividends alone. We can see that the volume of rounded equipment-type assets, even now, is not as high as it is, but in fact, the difference in the cost of a single ticket transfer between the three companies has not been apparent since 2019.
According to the company ' s annual report, the optimization of the transit link is concentrated in several areas: manual, optimizing the use structure, increasing the proportion of fixed jobs and rationalizing the demand for jobs by moving only in shifts; and technologically, the company ' s emphasis is on upgrading technological equipment, promoting soft separation, reducing the number of separations, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Optimizing process efficiency, operating efficiency, and increasing the accuracy of the sorting. As can be seen, the key to subsequent cost reductions is process optimization, rather than incremental transit costs, and transport costs are more clearly affected by process optimization than transit costs.
The annual circular shows that company vehicle loads have been increasing continuously over the years, with a 72% increase in 2022 compared to 2019, indicating a significant increase in the load rate of company vehicles, which is illustrated by continuous line optimization as well as a good transport system.
The effects of the transition are fully proven in the direct-camp transit system. A high degree of digitization at the headquarters level does not mean that the dividends of the digital transition at the cost-control level are fading, because the direct part of the headquarters is significantly different from the level of digitization of the end-of-line network within the network of aligned express delivery systems.
It's the most digital part of the express delivery network system, and the transformation dividend is already in dissipating before the digital transformation is completed. And the conglomerates and the lower end of the network are less digital, and the cost dividend of the digital transformation may only start very soon.
Circular Express (600233): In keeping with industry trends, a digital transition can be seen in the ratio of the cost of a single ticket to the cost of a rounded ticket. In absolute terms, between 16 and 22 years, the cost of a single ticket and the cost of a single ticket in transit decreased significantly, but the cost of a single ticket to a single service did not change significantly.
So, if you want to continue to improve the competitiveness of the network as a whole, what you need to do is to decentralize the proven digital transformation experience at the headquarters level to those that have already proved effective, and continue to empower the alliance. 3.2 Digitalization significantly improves the efficiency of end-of-pipe controls, and the alignment system continues to be strengthened.
In vertical terms, headquarters needs to coordinate the distribution of benefits among itself, allies, end-of-pipe points, and couriers, to ensure that each enforcement link receives a reasonable benefit, and that the profits of each link are not eroded as a result of excessive profits.
Horizontally, headquarters also needs to coordinate uneven development of alliances and networks in different regions and uneven returns. Given the wide variations in economic conditions, consumption habits, and infrastructure in different parts of the country, there may also be significant differences in operational structures and operational difficulties among the various allies, requiring differentiated pricing, which also requires coordination at Headquarters.
The nodal node butler system is designed to enhance information exchange between Headquarters and the node and optimize the efficiency of the node operation. In contrast to the regular node management system, node node but to integrate the node financial system, the customer service system, the human capital system, etc., adds a number of innovative functions.
With regard to the financial system, since the bottom of the system is integrated into a fast-flow-wide monitoring data, the consortium has easy access to information on the client’s product structure and the cost of issuance at the hub, which places the consortium in a proactive position when offering offers to clients, helping them effectively to avoid unprofitable operations. With back-office data, the consortium’s offers to customers are more accurate, reasonable, and easily accepted by the client, and they achieve correctness.
In addition, when the product structure and type of client changes significantly, the system can help allies to follow up in a timely manner, adjust the pricing to avoid unnecessary losses. With the use of webmasters, the end-of-point billing and financial flow efficiency have also improved significantly.
Production of all types of business statements does not require manual verification, editing, time savings and avoidance of errors. Prior to the introduction of the webmasters, it usually takes month to complete accounting of the consolidated client bill, one month to receive the client ' s return, the funds return is inefficient, and some accounts are lost because they are not detected in time.
But it also helps to identify and solve problems by speeding up the efficiency of client repayments. With regard to the operation of the Eastern financial and resource-rich web site, the network manager’s ability to monitor the fast-forwards process for both the consortium and the web site contributes to a more efficient delivery and delivery of goods.
Through the system, however, the network points now have direct access to incoming cargo and sorting, sending vehicles on demand, avoiding delays and crashes, and avoiding waste of effort. The network butlers have also helped to optimize the service function.
People do not handle complaints in a timely manner. Now, with the help of the functionality provided by the web-site butlers, staff turn to more complex worksheets, such as missing, delayed, etc.
The presence of the node butlers has significantly reduced the difficulty of laying the node at the end of the network. The number of node nodes rose rapidly after 2020, when the number of conglomerates rose slowly. According to the annual report, the number of node nodes at the end of the year 2020 was about 46,000, rising to around 80,000 by 2022, the number of nodes at the end of the network was significantly higher than the number at the end of the list, which was close to the tap.
3.3 Digitalization leads to continuous optimization of client experiences, and companies rely on quality services to obtain premiums, which, in addition to strengthening the alliance system, also play an important role in the digital transformation of the population, including the effective upgrading of client experiences.
Large customers’ rights and interests focus on the optimization of customer services, compensation, refunds, and face-rolling. In the case of passenger services, rounded-up smart passenger services can help clients (mainly electric traders) deal with most of their basic problems, and artificial passenger services can focus on more important and complex after-sales issues.
In the past, after a consumer has initiated a refund application, the customer's clothing needs to verify whether the commodity logistics information meets the requirements, then pulls the logistics manifest to send the interception requirement to the express delivery company, confirming that the logistics can be intercepted before the consumer's refund application can be agreed to at the power provider's platform. After the “refund automatically intercept” is installed, all steps such as verifying the logistics information and sending the intercept demand are handed over.
It is handled by a circular system that greatly eases the workload of merchants. For an unconditional refund of a commodity, the automatic interception of refunds also avoids the embarrassment of a business that is too busy to intercept, leading to an awkward problem with the money.
Figure 26: Client managers can help their clients to do most of the process, save a lot of time for their clients, and in the case of the compensation process, the customer manager has similarly optimized the process. Once the shop initiates the bill of compensation, the rounded system automatically acquires all the evidentiary materials that are the value of the traded goods, the pictures, the transaction process, etc., which would otherwise require the services of the customer to collect them manually, automatically enter the claims processing chain, and track the processing of the claims from time to time.
As can be seen from the above process optimization, the central idea of the round-the-board client manager is to move all process types through full-process data monitoring and to automatically process them on the line, with clients only having to judge and instruct at important nodes. Not only does this significantly reduce the burden on clients, but it is also significant.
Clients’ experience has led to income-side improvements. In the second half of the year, the rounded single-profit increase was highest among several listed firms, with single-profit increases exceeding 0.1 per-vote-per-year increases for four consecutive quarters, from q4 in 21 to q3 in 22 years.
At the same time as profits rise, the company’s share in the market continues to rise and rise beyond the hymn to the second highest in the industry. The result of double price increases proves the viability of the digitalization of the conglomerates, and the company’s attractiveness to high-quality customers has increased significantly.
3.4 The relationship of trust between headquarters and the conglomerates is the foundation and core of the digital transition, which is a very common reference, with all industries demanding a transition to digitization and automation. But the transition is not easy, with a large number of businesses having a forced component, and few cases of active transformation and success.
For example, in financial systems, accurate cost estimates would mean that the partners would need to record client business information and related cost data into information systems at Headquarters. With full access to information about the partners, headquarters with digital advantages might be more aware of itself than the allies themselves.
At the same time that the conglomerates have the capital to negotiate with their clients, the headquarters also has the capital to negotiate with the conglomerates (because the headquarters knows the costs of the conglomerates). If the conglomerates and the conglomerates are not able to build good mutual trust, the conglomerates must be in conflict with the sharing of their own data.
According to the annual circular, as of 2022, companies had over 85 per cent use of the Contributor Financial System, 40 per cent use of the Smart Passenger Service System, promotion and use of the Digital System, promoting the full scope of control over the Contributor Financial Accounting, Operations, Quality of Service, and enabling the Contributor to operate. Figure 29: Positive circle of company win-win association with headquarters through digital transformation
Alliances are willing to access the system, both because it can provide a variety of kinds of support to them, and because it has sufficient confidence in its headquarters. So we believe that the process of digital transformation is a pro-cyclical one for couriers, and that both headquarters and the conglomerates can strengthen bilateral trust by digitalizing the bridge, reducing internal consumption of the system and achieving win-win results.
In the long run, the competition for the Consistency Express has sunk from the level of headquarters to the level of the Consort. The strong are companies, creating more value for the Consorts, helping the Consorts, and end-points are the main lines of competition for a new round of industry.
Sticky, which plays a vital role in the retention of high-quality customers. This is the main reason why we recommend the Public Administration.
In terms of profit projections and investment proposals, we expect a decline in revenue per head due to increased price fighting this year. Assumptions, we estimate a single income decline of around 5% for the entire year. In terms of costs, the volume of business was more robust this year as the express delivery industry recovered from the epidemic.
The cost of central operations and transit transport continues to be spread thinly as a result of the decline in capacity utilization due to unsaturated operations. But, when combined, the income end drop will be slightly higher than the cost end, leading to a small decline in single profits.
Since this year, the share price of the express plate has fallen, including expectations that the price war will have a negative impact on profits. As can be seen, in companies with large market values, both the general and the hymn run out.
With the continued improvement of performance over the last two years, the company’s valuation has dropped from more than 25 times the historical high level (ttm 2020) to about 13 times the current level. Clearly, the market is giving express delivery on a procyclical basis.
But we believe that, at a time when the industry is shifting from a price-driven to a diversified competition, leading firms with high service quality are capable of stabilizing profit levels through a service premium. At a time when the express delivery industry is maturing, there is not a clear stratification in the prices of electricity items: price sensitivity.
Users who feel that they are more likely to choose relatively low-priced polar rabbits and offers; the higher unit price for middle-connected ones means that the customers who choose the two companies have higher demands on the quality of the service themselves, rather than simply pursuing low prices. Under such customer screening mechanisms, they rely on high-quality clients in stock and have a stronger ability to withstand price fluctuations.
The macroeconomic downturn, increased competition in the industry, and higher than expected human costs, among other things. East’s financial and intellectual boom, round traffic (600233): Digital transition is promising in line with industry trends.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the depth of East Hing's securities report.
Circular Express (600233): In line with industry trends, the digital transition can be very promising.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.