The three-quarter boom in performance, which is expected to accelerate profit recovery, the upturn in profit recovery, and the downturn in profitability; the q3-quarters show a steady upturn and q3 achieve revenues of $4.727 billion, corresponding/ring ratio
There has been a marked improvement in the level, reflecting an improvement in the efficiency of inventory management. The photovoltage industry is under pressure, and the anti-fibre policy is expected to restore the profitability of the glass chain.
In January-September 2025, the National Energy Agency recorded an increase of 49.3 per cent in China's capacity of 240.3gw, compared with the previous year, but a downward trend in demand was evident in the 25m9-month increase of 9.7gw, compared with 53.8 per cent in January; the main reason was the demand for additional light-voltage units that had been installed for a short period of time, as a result of document No. 136.
The decline in light-voltage demand also informs the feeder chain. Ifind data show that, as of September 2025, the utility of photovoltaic glass was only 68.5%, which is a significant decline over the same period last year, and has fallen to a low level in recent years.
But since September, at the call of the national “reverse” operation, the price of the light glass has been close to the cost line of the bottom 10-reflection bullet to the 13-dollar flat. Moreover, according to ifind data, the amount of light glass smelting as of the end of September was only 89,000 tons.
With supply contractions and reversals, and a double-wheel drive, we think the glazing glass industry is on the verge of becoming more profitable. The dominant advantage is in the hands of firms, which are expected to make a much more resilient contribution to the bottom-up recovery.
The company has taken the lead in implementing industry counter-brief policies and has taken the initiative to reduce the supply of light-voltage glass. According to the report, as of August, the rate has been reduced. We believe that more than 90% of the company’s kilns are large-scale knit kilns, with low unit energy consumption and high production rates, with a dual advantage of technology and cost.
The two-strike premium for double-repair recovery in the L+ market.
Since then, with the steady growth of anti-brief policies, photovoltaic glass has shown remarkable results on the supply side, as well as in prices, and the industry’s turning points are expected to arrive. Net returns to mothers ranged from 930 million, 1.65 billion, and 2.52 billion, corresponding to 47, 26, and 17 per cent, respectively.
FLET (601865) reported a macroeconomic downturn, less demand than expected, fluctuations in raw material prices, changes in domestic policies, higher-than-expected performance reported in corporate production, and downstream demand undertruding on the short-term disturbance industry.
Fullet 2023 & Quarterly 2024: Performance meets expectations, industry tops and tops.
FLET (601865), 2023q3 evaluation: q3 performed over-expected, cost-surplus high demand for arms, steel, etc., conducted an in-depth study of technology and cycles, continued in-depth research in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics and automation, and established a “China manufacturing investment cycle” research framework.
The team focused on research in the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium and storage energy, and devoted limited energy to serving more primary and secondary markets where the country's needs are met, the industry is booming and the people have faith, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. This report has been prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended to be sent or for any dispatch, release, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the public or resident in any area, country or other area under its jurisdiction in which it is available or used to make SAC and its associated companies in violation of local laws or regulations or to subject the SAC securities to its laws or regulations. The copyright of the material in this report is a SAC security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.