Go to the vault with profit repairs, 25q3 perform better than expected, increase the price of the stacked glass, decrease the cost, and promote corporate income and profit repairs. 25q3 m \triangleright
In terms of prices, according to the Sobi consultation, the Ministry, the industry is under pressure. Since July, in a context of profit pressure, the domestic optical glass kiln has grown in cold fixation at Dun Yongkang.
In addition, production capacity has increased, local supply pressure has slowed down, components have been added up to the right stock levels, industry stocks have shown a downward trend, with the prices of 3.2/2.0 mm glass rising by 2.7 per cent and 4.8 per cent, respectively, at the beginning of August, and at the beginning of September, Jubai No.
On the other hand, the 25q3 raw material pure-alkali price ratio has fallen, leading to a cost improvement. Going to the vault has led to an increase in the volume of goods, a rise in the price of stacked glass, a decrease in the cost, and a recovery of the company’s 25q3 revenues and profits.
Multiple advantages are expected to help the company through the cycle. By the end of August 25 years, the company had coldened three photovolt \triangleright glass kilns, currently producing 16,400 tons/day, and the ignition of the Ensign and Nanton projects will be based on
At the same time, the company plans to invest in light glass kilns in Indonesia to meet the demand for light glass in different countries and regions.
The two companies combined market ownership of more than 50 per cent on a one-tier basis, with a large margin of profit spread across two or three lines of enterprises, and a potential for strength in size, resource advantage and technological advantage to help companies cross the cycle.
\triangleright Review: Profit short-term pressure, September glass is expected to boost prices by 2.Frett (601865.sh) 2024:
Short-term profit pressure, rising glass prices are expected to boost profitability.
3. Fullet (601865.sh) Tri-quarter 2024 Review: oversupply in industry, 24q3 short-term profitable 4. Fulette (601865.sh) semi-annual 2024
Review: 24q2 profit ring upgrade, industry cold repair plus speed or supply and demand pressure relief 2024/08/29
2024/03/27 Research findings based on methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.