The fall in company performance was mainly due to the fall in prices of rare earth products, such as thugs, which contained taxes on 202402 oxidizing.
The rate of growth in mining indicators has slowed considerably. As demand from the rare earth rises, the country’s total rare earth control index also continues to grow at a 52-week maximum/minimum price, with companies acting as industry leaders relying on the high-quality resources of the White Cloud Obo mine, with an orderly increase in quotas.
Cost pressures have eased. In the past, company prices for rare earth concentrates had a marked advantage over market prices, but from the fourth quarter of 2022, the company changed to a quarterly agreement with steel-packing shares on the price and total volume of rare earth concentrates. The price of the rare earth concentrates traded in the first quarter of 2024 was $20737 per ton without taxes during the period.
Market prices have fallen sharply, with firm costs of raw materials under greater pressure due to the existence of a price-fixing cycle. In the third quarter, company prices for rare earth concentrates were adjusted to $16741 per tonne without taxes, and cost pressures were effectively mitigated, with an advantage over current market prices.
Since 2022, as a result of a relatively flat physical scale of demand, markets have become more emptied and commodity prices have declined; early March this year, Oxygen, Northern rare earth (600111.sh) and three-quarterly 2023 reports - cost pressures were reduced.
The price of the rare earth has risen steadily since July, as a result of negative growth in overseas supply and the fact that the second domestic set of targets has remained low on a year-on-year basis.
Listed prices have been flat for the month of March and 38480,000 yuan per ton per month of oxidation for the month of June-August, and the annual report for the year 2022 in the North (600111.sh) was evaluated: production growth, industry: Three-quarter review for the year 2022 in the North (600111.sh): performance robust, future.
The company is a pioneer in the rare earth industry, where quotas continue to grow, and where raw materials gain advantages. But, because demand is growing weak, commodity prices turn back.
19.5 x Taking into account the company's advantages within the industry, the rating “better than the big market” is maintained. 2024q2 oxidized oxidized averaging tax price of $376.4 million per ton, compared to 22 per cent and ring + 4 per cent, as a result of the fall in the price of rare earth products, such as .
Figure 2: Income from the single season of the North and the rate of increase in the same season (billion yuan, per cent) Decline in profitability and asset-liability ratios have remained largely stable. In the first half of 2024, corporate Māori was 7.96 per cent, while figure 5: Māori in the North, changes in net interest rates (%)
Figure 6: Māori rates and net interest rate changes in the Northern rare earth single quarter (%)
Thirty-five million tons, more than 80% of the country’s reserves, and a stable supply of resources. As demand from the rare earth rises, the country’s stock control targets continue to grow, with companies acting as industry leaders relying on high-quality resources from the White Cloud Obo mine to reduce cost pressures. In terms of the structure of the industrial chain, the rare soil in the North is not selected, and the raw material is rare.
In the past, the company’s rare earth concentrate purchase price had a marked advantage over the market price, but from the fourth quarter of 2022 the company changed to a quarterly rare earth concentrate supply contract with the steel pack stock, which, based on the evolution of the prices of rare earth market products, was negotiated on the basis of a formula.
In the first quarter of 2024, the price of a rare earth ore transaction was $20,737 per tonne without taxes, while during this period the market price fell significantly and the company ' s raw material cost was higher due to the existence of a price-fixing cycle. In the third quarter, the price of a company ' s rare ore ore transaction was adjusted to $16,741 per tonne without taxes, and the cost pressure was effectively eased to a lesser extent than in the current market.
Since 2022, commodity prices have declined as a result of relatively flat demand from the rare earth, increased market perceptions and a decline in commodity prices; at the beginning of March, the lowest price of oxidation fell to $3504,000 per ton. In July, negative growth in overseas supply and the second set of domestic targets grew at a similar rate.
The price of rare earths has risen steadily, owing to, among other things, the maintenance of low positions. The price of the North's rare earth group products has been set up for a period of three months in a row, and the price of oxidized oxidized oxidized in June and August has been 3848,000 yuan per ton, which has been a positive guide for the market. In the medium and long term, the rare earth industry has a high concentration of supply, and iron permagnetic materials are the best magnetic materials currently integrated.
The rapid development of new energy vehicles and energy-efficient power plants is expected to lead to a sustained rise in demand for rare earth. As an important strategic metal, fair medium- and long-term prices will fully reflect resource scarcity and ecological losses.
Investment proposals: Lower profit forecasts and maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Companies are the leading players in the rare earth industry, and quotas continue to grow and raw materials gain advantages.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject