Long River Power (6009000.sh) Deep Report 4+2+n=08/0322
“4”: At the heart of the three gorges, there are four power stations in two steps. The company, as the tri-gorge group, operates the \triangleright platform, which is the core engine for its development, and the group is constantly injecting mature hydropower assets into the company.
Before being listed in 2003, the company owned only one Gueco dam power station, and after being listed, it continued to acquire the company’s mature hydropower assets. It now owns four large hydroelectric dams, the tri-gorges, the brooks, and the dams.
"2: The Utunde, White Beach and the Utungleright power stations in the group began their infusion work at the end of 2021. After the Utun and White infusions were completed, the company's home country started the process of infusing the assets of the Utunde and White.
Hydropower installed will increase by 57.6% to 71.7 million kilowatts per year from 45.5 million kilowatts (kWh) and the average annual electricity generated is expected to rise from about 200 billion kWh today to over 300 billion kWh per year. Estimates show that when Uu and White enter a steady production period, Yun-Yu will receive about $26 billion per year, a gross profit of about $14.3 billion, and a Maori rate of about 55%.
“n”: Three factors contribute, and new energy development is expected to outpace expectations. The “3060” double-carbon targets drive companies.
\triangleright is involved in new energy development; wind, light and hydropower are similar, roe is higher than the company's current investment in corporate equity returns; after entering the price-parity era, it is no longer subject to the wind of subsidy arrears, light assets revalued, invested.
The company's strong cash flow supports its rapid growth in the new energy sector.
Investment proposal: Upon completion of this asset restructuring, the future business section can be divided into three parts of "4+2+n" \triangleright, namely, existing assets, including Gho, III, brook, to the four hydroelectric plants, including U, White.
Two hydroelectric plants are to be injected with assets such as Yuncheon, and new energy operations that are expected to develop beyond expectations. Although the distribution programme for this asset injection has yet to be determined, we estimate that the reasonable valuation of the hydroelectric plate "4+2" is expected to reach nearly $700 billion, and that the new energy operation "+n" will grow to a level of almost 700 billion.
The potential of “big man” to maintain a “recommended” rating of companies. 4) Policy adjustments such as taxation; 5) asset restructuring is not as fast as expected; 6) new energy development is not as fast as expected.1 “4”: at the core of the tri-gorges, two leaps and four power stations
1.1 At the heart of the three isthmus, which occupy the conglomerate of the conglomerates, the 3-th isthmus group of shareholders in the conglomerate, was established in 1993 with the approval of the State Council as China ' s Changjiang Three Isthmus Engineering Development Corporation, and was renamed China on 27 September 2009.
Three Gorges Group Inc. The Three Gorges Group has formed eight major operational blocks of engineering and consultancy, electricity production and operation, river basin stairwell movement and integrated management, international energy investment and contracting, eco-environmental investment and operation, new energy development and management, capital and financial operations, asset management and base services around the clean energy industry;
The country's 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities, as well as more than 40 countries and territories worldwide, are among the world's largest water and electricity development operators; in the future, efforts are being made to achieve clean energy and eco-environment in the Yangtze River.
China Yangjiang Electricity Co. Ltd. is the main producer of electricity in the group and is responsible for the production and operation of electricity from the tri-gorge-Geco dam and the Quirodo River to the four river basin ladder power stations at the dam;
China ' s Three Gorges Construction Management Company Ltd. is the group ' s main manager of hydroelectric and electrical construction, and is located as a construction management and consulting company that can provide a system solution for customers in project planning, engineering construction, engineering consulting, professional technical services, etc.;
(a) The Shanghai Institute for Surveying and Design is a complex of water, hydropower, new energy and environmental engineering industries, mainly involved in engineering surveying, design and consulting operations;
(b) The Yangtze Eco-Environmental Group Ltd. is primarily responsible for the task of playing a leading role in the conservation of the Yangtze River;
\triangleright Three Gorges International Energy Investment Group Ltd. is the group's international clean energy investment business.
\triangleright