Type: For the first time, it covers coal in Shanxi (000983.sz).
(2025.6.11) Relying on the group roots, they rise coal-fired dragonheads. Shanxi Coal is one of the most influential coal-breeding enterprises in the country. Its shareholders are Shanxi Coal Group, which is ultimately under the effective control of Shanxi State Finance Committee.
In 2023, the company shut down the gasification of the western mountain, transformed the coal-bearing business, shut down the Western mountain thermal generator unit in 2025, acquired 13 coal mines in the Riengyo district, 51% of the share in Hua Jinko coal, and the right to explore coal and co-bauxite deposits in the district of Jed Lui Liang, through phase-out.
Focusing on coal masters, building a diversified industry of coal-fired electricity. Company operations are centred on coal mining and sales, while active expansion of electricity, coke, etc., has resulted in “coal, electricity, and so on.”
As a core product, in 2024, coal combustible sales fell by 25.6 million tons of coal, a 20 per cent decline in the same year; the Jing Tang Joo plant, in collaboration with the first steel group, provided a more stable supply of coke; and electricity heat products played an important supporting role.
After 2023, the market was depressed and the price of coal continued to rise, showing positive adjustments in the balance between financial demand and shareholder returns.
Coal supply and demand are weak, and the price of coal is expected to continue to function at a weak rate.
On the other hand, as domestic coal demand is weak and prices have fallen to 2018 levels, imports are not expected to change much in 2025 compared to 2024. On the demand side: due to housing infrastructure delays, current demand is weaker, but the Government has repeatedly stressed the need to keep the housing market steady and increase.
e-mail infrastructure construction is expected to bring back the demand for coal. However, the market is now expected to be more pessimistic, the price of coal is rising, and the price of coal is being suppressed.
Coal prices are expected to continue to function weakly.
Shanxi Coal Energy Group Inc. (000983.sz), known as Shanxi Coal Coal, is one of China's most influential coal-refining enterprises with a controlling shareholder in Yama.