The gold company, the gold and copper two-winged, and the gold-led company, which has high-quality resource endowments, cover for the first time.
China’s gold was created by the Chinese Gold Group, which is the main platform for the group’s development of gold miners, and has now formed a complete chain of gold research, mining, smelting, processing, and consumer circulation. In 2019, the company acquired the Inner Mongolia mining, increased the storage of high-quality copper molten mines, and gained profits.
The higher metal prices are expected to continue to rise. The lower interest rates are expected to keep the demand warm, the higher copper prices are time-limited, and the company prices compare to the depth of 300.
Gold prices: US inflation has eased, interest increases have come to an end, and market interest cuts are expected to run. In 2023, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict increased tensions, international geopolitical conflicts continued, bailouts increased, and there is still room for domestic central banks to build up gold, which is expected to boost the gold price hub.
Copper prices: The effects of the first-volume mining shutdown in Panama have continued this year with the supply of copper. On the one hand, the growth of photovoltaic grids and new energy vehicles has led to the consumption of copper.
• Continuous injection of high-quality copper resources and technological aids to reduce efficiency gains. At the same time, the company is carrying out projects to increase the value of its reserves: acquisition of gold from the Sari Ridge gold mine in Lei County, identification of the resource-rich mineral deposits, completion of the acquisition of 90% of the share of the mining in Mongolia, and acquisition of copper from Unugh Hill.
Advanced technology applications promote higher levels of equipment and technology and industrial transformation in companies that are well-funded gold-led companies with their own complete industrial chains and the advantage of increased reserves for prospecting are gradually emerging, benefiting from the upward trend in gold and copper prices, and demand in the second half of the year is expected to lead to a double profit on gold and copper.
Bronze price volatility; policy and environmental issues; risk in keeping a resource reserve; copper demand 1 corporate holdings, high-quality gold leadership with a resource endowment 1.1 high-quality resources open to growth space, gold and copper double-tracking Quills
China Gold Co. Ltd. was set up in 2000 by the China Gold Group in association with six other companies, and is currently the only listed company in the country with a controlling interest in gold mining. The company is mainly engaged in geological surveying, selection, smelting, and co-financing of metals such as gold.
Products are processed and sold, with high-quality gold resources and a well-developed chain of gold industries. In 2003, the company took the lead in the gold industry throughout the country. In 2006, it was reformed through equity-sharing, resulting in gold research, mining, smelting, and the acquisition of mining in Mongolia by the company for the year.
Figure 1 shows a steady increase in the value of both gold and copper drives. In 2023, the company achieved a net profit of 612.64/2978 million yuan, an increase of 7.2 per cent/40.67 per cent, and a net profit of 24q1, respectively.
The company’s gold production capacity continues to be released and is currently under two construction projects, with a total of 376.25 tons of gold ore resources, which is expected to further expand the company’s profitability after delivery. The acquisition of the company’s copper mine in Mongolia has increased by 0.93% compared to the same period. Overall, the increase in the price and reserves of copper indicates a steady increase in the company’s profitability.
The company's net profit and the speed of growth.
Figure 5 Māori ratio of the company's main business
The company was set up by the China Gold Group, together with six other companies, with the Chinese Gold Group accounting for 45.84% of the company’s shares. As the only central company in the Chinese gold industry, China Gold Group Limited was the head of the China Gold Association and the first Chinese member of the World Gold Association.
Figure 6 Gold equity structure
Roe continues to be optimized, and the swing efficiency team is running. We have selected the top four Sw gold plates, which are comparable in gold, gold and mountain gold International as comparable companies, all involved in gold mining development and product marketing and operations. Central gold was 11.50% in 2023, with high vertical growth.
Net corporate interest rates have steadily increased and profitability has continued to optimize, with net interest rates of 24q1 reaching 7.25 per cent; at the same time, the company's turnover has led the business, with a total asset turnover rate of 1.21 in 2023, which has remained largely stable, showing high corporate performance.
Since 2019, the company has continued to set up a two-track gold and copper track, combining high-quality resources to increase profitability, and the overall Māori rate has been growing steadily. Since 2022, the prices of gold and copper have been on a volatile upward trend as a result of the Federal Reserve interest increase and the international geopolitical situation, which affected Māori in 2023.
Figure 10 Comparable net interest rate on sales Sales rate: Company sales cost rates of 0.13 per cent in 2023 and 24q1, close to industry average water
Figure 12 Comparable corporate sales costs Scientific inputs contribute to higher equipment and technology levels and industrial transformation upgrading. Figure 14 Comparable corporate management costs
Figure 15 Comparable R & D rates for companies 2 interest reductions expected + high supply and demand, copper prices available 2.1 anti-inflationary plus risk avoidance, and expected gold prices are likely to rise and fall
With inflation falling high, the Fed is expected to open an interest-reduction route. Since the Fed continued to raise interest rates in 2023, inflation in the United States has continued to cool, with the cpi index going down from 9.1% in June 2022 to 3% in June 2024, and is expected to return to pre-2020 prices.