The company is the only gold mining company in the country that holds a stake, and the State Treasury Committee of the State Council is the actual controller. The company is mainly involved in geological surveys of gold, non-ferrous metals, selections, selections, etc.
Smelting investment and management: Inner Mongolia mining is engaged in the mining of copper molten ore. In 2023, the company's business generated $61,264 million, an increase of 7.2 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother of $2,978 million, 2.162 million tons of copper metal, 450,000 tons of molten ore, and 636.96 square metres of mineral rights.
Relying on the Gold Group, the acquisition of high-quality assets and resource retention continues to increase. The company vigorously promoted the “Resource Lifeline” strategy by purchasing part of the mining stock in 2019 from the primary smelting plant, Inner Mongolia. In May 2023, the company acquired 100% of the gold company's middle gold stock in the Länder.
So far, among the six companies that the Gold Group has committed to infusing, the Eggine, the West and the Mines have already been infused. Another type of commissioning gold is gold.
As of 2023, the company had 34 of its own mines, with 28 of them. The company produced 18.89 tons of mineral gold throughout 2023.
State Central gold, the main asset under the flag is the Saaring gold mine, with 372 tons of gold reserves, and in order to build mines, China Gold Group Limited has now fully settled its four Kilometres of bunkers, and work on the surface is well under way and is expected to begin in 2025.
The Saaring gold mine not only brings a significant increase in gold production to the company, but its higher grade and size are also expected to reduce the cost of gold production and contribute to the further release of the company's performance The copper molybdenum business continues to make steady profits. The company's main copper mine is the Inner Mongolia Mining and Lake.
The company acquired mining in Mongolia in 2020, and the reserves of copper resources jumped. By the end of 2023, mining resources in Mongolia amounted to 182.03 million tons of copper, with a storage capacity of 34.85 million tons;
In 2023, Mongolia ' s net profits from mining amounted to 2,286 million yuan, an increase of 54.88 per cent over the previous year, while the mining industry in Mongolia is promoting the low copper waste complex, with an estimated additional 8,000 tons of copper per year after completion.
The company insists on dividends, maintains a good level of asset and liability, returns shareholders, and shows investment value. Since it was listed, the company has insisted on dividends, completing the capital replenishment of the former smelter by 2020.
After mining mergers and acquisitions in Inner Mongolia, corporate profits rose rapidly and corporate assets and liabilities were improved.
Copper is expected to be well-placed, providing sufficient cash flow. Copper is trapped in resource endowments and capital spending, and production growth is expected to be in the lower range, along with the resource community.
In the past two years, copper production has often fallen short of market expectations, and future supply and demand structures are expected to continue to improve. While historically copper prices have been reduced by the Fed, and as inflation is expected to fall, we believe that copper is relatively healthy.
The balance sheet is expected to keep copper prices in a higher position, thus underpinning the trend towards the valuation of the copper mineral stock, which may continue with the advent of the golden age. Gold, though already recorded in 2024, is still on the rise, but we believe that the increase in the current round is not over, affecting the price of gold.
The quality is the US government’s deficit rate, which, with the weakening of the US economy and global geo-governance tensions, we believe is likely to lead to a continuation of the rise in gold. A detailed industry perspective can be found in Precious Metal Question 8: Gold Cow City, which we published earlier.
With the continued strength of the Saaring gold mine, the profits are being released from the climb, the expected revenue from the Chinese gold gold business is lower than expected, the company ' s production costs are higher than expected, the copper gold price is high, and the performance of the only gold company in China with a controlling interest has steadily increased.
1.1 China's gold first share, multiple mergers and acquisitions. The only mining listing company currently owned by China's gold mining company, the Vice-President of the China Gold Association, was established in June 2000 by the Chinese Gold Group's predecessor, China Gold General Corporation, in association with six other enterprises.
In 2005, the company worked with the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region and the Bouksaire Autonomous District to form the Xinjiang Central Gold Mine, starting with the Xinjiang Jangura project. Refinancing was completed in 2007, with nine companies offering to buy additional shares, and in 2009 with 100 per cent of all mining holdings, and in 2019 with the company buying the Central China Metallurgy.
In May 2023, China Gold acquired 100% of the gold in the Länder and 100% of the gold in Länder and the group claimed the gold in Länder, which significantly increased the company's reserves as a result of the Länder remittance reserves of 372 tons of gold. By the end of 2023, the company retained 891.7 tons of metal in the resource reserves, 2,62 million tons of copper and molten metals.
China’s Gold Group holds 45.84% of the company’s shares and is an actual shareholder of the company’s shares. The State Council holds 90% of China’s Gold Group’s shares.
The company’s operations are carried out mainly through subordinate subsidiaries, with 54 such subsidiaries as Henan. 1.3 Performance growth is steady, with gold and copper contributing major profits of $2,978 million, an increase of 40.67 per cent (pre-profit adjustment data).
Corporate cost rate management has continued to improve and the three fee levels have been significantly reduced. In 2023, the company management costs were $1.676 billion, a decline of 9.55 per cent compared with the previous year, mainly due to lower long-term amortization costs, better management processes and more efficient operations, lower effective control fees, and companies' adjustment of marketing strategies to optimize marketing structures, and effective reduction of marketing costs as a result of reduced borrowing principals.
The company ' s financial costs in 2023 amounted to $439 million, a decrease of 33.58 per cent, compared with the previous year. 7 enterprises completed the construction of digitized mines through dualization, 3 companies received 15 awards from provincial ministries or industry associations, and received 137 authorized patents, of which 11 were authorized to create patents and maintain the advantages of STI.
The company has maintained its share of dividends, its asset and liability levels have remained good, its shareholders have been rewarded, and its investment values have been highlighted. Since its listing, the company has maintained its share of dividends, and its profits have risen rapidly since the completion of the China-China smelter replenishment and the Inner Mongolia mining merger in 2020, improving the company's balance sheet, with the debt ratio falling down to 41.66 per cent by the end of 2023, while the company has also made a profit release.
2 minerals plus smelting with both wings, the Saaring gold mine is an important increase, with 2.1 pouring into the gold group, which promises to provide a substantial increase in its resources, and the Chinese gold group, which injects in the gold group, which promises to provide a substantial increase in its resources.
With regard to competition and related transactions between gold and gold, the Gold Group of China is committed to gradually infusing the gold resources of its subsidiaries into gold and gold, and the Gold Group has divided its subsidiaries into three categories:
The second category consists of companies whose resources are depleted, whose operating conditions are poor, and whose powers are in the third category, the commissioning of the gold group to incubate the business. The reserves of this group of enterprises are not yet known, their profitability is not ideal or their rights are not yet recognized.
To be regulated, the company commissioned the gold group to hatch before it reached maturity. Injection needs to be satisfied: 1 - the net asset rate of return for the producing enterprise is no less than the company's last year's level. 2 - the intra-financial rate of return for the producing enterprise is no less than 10%.
In the case of third parties, the consent of the gold is required; if the company reaches the injection standard later, the gold may still be required to be injected by the gold group, which is committed to cooperating with it.
With the exception of Western and Lei States, where mining is under construction, where mining is being carried out and where the rest of the gold is being produced. In May 2023, the company acquired 372 tons of additional gold and metal in the middle of the province, far more than the sum of all the remaining mineral resources.
The highest grade of 13.09 g/t is found in the Yuzhmorgeologiya mining sector. In 2023, the highest annual production was in Jiangxijin Hill, at 1800.74 kg, followed by the Liaoning Hill Building, at 1603.23 kg. In addition, the gold mining in Inner Mongolia, the Henan gold-source gold mining, and the three gold copper companies in Lake North each produced more than 1,200 kg per year.
In 2023, the company invested cumulatively $212 million in geological prospecting, completed 65,000 metres of pit exploration work, drilled 197,000 metres of drilling work, added gold and metals, integrated mining rights, three cases involving a total of 147.44 square kilometres of mining rights. By the end of 2023, the company had retained a stock of gold and metals.
891.7 tons of copper and metals, 21,622,000 tons of molybdenum and 450,000 tons of molybdenum and 636.96 square kilometres of mine rights; 372 tons of new metals were produced through the M&A of Länder. 18,89 tons of mineral gold were produced throughout the year in 2023, a decrease of 1.04 tons compared to 2022, a decrease of 5.22 per cent from the same year.
Inner Mongolia has 39% of the shares in gold pot, which are not listed: the parent company, China Gold Group, holds 49.34% of the shares. Inner Mongolia’s gold mills under the flag of gold pots, beryllium ore and Second Trench ore, are all producing mines and releasing steady profits.
The gold mine received a mining licence in May 2018, with a design capacity of 285,000 tonnes/year, an actual capacity of 285,000 tonnes/year and a disposal capacity of 270,000 tonnes/year, tons of gold and metals of 10.93 tonnes/year, surplus ore reserves of 740,000 tonnes and gold and metals of 3.72 tonnes.
In 2024, gold is expected to be selected at 2.95 g/t. The mining area continues to develop a dynamic ecological environment, making full use of its resources. 100% of the waste material generated by the mining area is used to fill open areas of underground mining.
The company’s gold reserves. To further advance the gold group’s commitment to resolving competition among its counterparts, the company acquired a controlling shareholder, Chinese yellow.
The gold group holds 100% of the gold in Länder and the gold group’s claims to Länder totalling $4.86 billion. Of this, 100% of the gold in Länder is worth $6,144.2 million, and the gold group’s claims to Länder are worth $4,854 million.
Länchin holds 44% of Lei State's sink and Länder's sarcophagus has mining rights. The sarcophagus is 372 tons of gold and is designed to produce 3.96 million tons per year. The mine is located in the eastern north of Länder, approximately 27km from the Länder city line.
Five large gold deposits, 25 small and medium-sized gold deposits. 3.96 million tons/year, late-mining area, and 16 November 2035, were designed to produce the first sarling gold deposits. Saaring gold deposits are abundant and are expected to be operational by the end of 2025.
372 tons of gold metal, with an average grade of 2.77 g/t. Of this amount, 8997.08 million tons of industrial resources ores, 309.06 tons of gold ore, with an average grade of 3.44 g/t; 44,427 million tons of low-grade gold ore, 630.0 tons of gold ore, with an average grade of 1.43 g/t; 232 tons of silver metal with an average grade of 2.60 g/t. Lai County is currently four mines in progress.
In addition to bringing the company a significant increase in gold production, its higher position and size are expected to reduce the cost of gold production and promote the company ' s 2.3 copper moly business: Inner Mongolia ' s mining contribution is a major profit.
As of 2023, the company had four copper mines and one molybdenum. Of these, the largest amount of mining resources, reserves and annual production in Mongolia was 62,000 tons in 2023.
In 2023, the company slightly increased its mineral copper production and its copper reserves. In 2023, the company produced 80,000 tons of copper from mines, with 90% of the company ' s shareholding in inland Mongolian mining and a net profit of 2,286 million in 2023. Inner Mongolian mining was mainly engaged in non-ferrous metal exploration, selection, investment in mineral resources, and the products consisted mainly of copper ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore.
At the end of 2023, the mining resources in Inner Mongolia amounted to 182.03 million tons of copper, with an average stock of 34.85 million tons and an average grade of 0.14 per cent; the resources amounted to 45.12 million tons, with an average stock of 5.34 million tons and an average grade of 0.03 per cent.
In 2023, Mongolia ' s net profits from mining were good, and the construction of waste rock projects could further boost copper production. In 2023, the production of copper was 62,000 tons, the production of molybdenum was 0.63 million tons, and the net profits from mining in Mongolia amounted to 2,286 million yuan, an increase of 54.88 per cent over the same period. The company is investing in construction and technological improvement projects and is promoting the integrated use of low copper waste rock projects, which are expected to be added each year after completion.
Figure 23: Inner Mongolia mining copper, molybdenum production
By the end of 2023, the company had a reserve of 29.4 million tons of copper and 11.83,2.4 centigrade smelters: the technology industry is leading and contributes steadily to the profits.
In the course of the year, China's gold and gold were brought into the country's new assets, its new treasury funds, China's China Treasury Fund, China's rich countries, and its rich and rural banks, to invest in cash and in debt, thereby optimizing the asset-liability structure of China's smelters (totalling $4.6 billion). The remainder of the acre is invested in $10.3 billion, the annual treatment of copper concentrates 1.5 million, the combined recovery of gold, silver, copper, sulphur, nickel, selenium, selenium, selenium, etc.
Priced metals such as platinum, platinum, platinum, platinum, annual smelting of 30 tons of gold, 350 tons of silver, 350,000 tons of copper electrolysis, and 1.3 million tons of sulphuric acid. China's smelters are increasing their innovative inputs and are advanced in the smelting process.
Large acid-making devices have the advantage of high feedstock adaptive capacity, high metal recovery rates, low energy consumption, and high levels of automated equipment. The cleaner production level is at the forefront of the industry, with the introduction of internationally advanced environmental processes and equipment, such as the conversion of high-morck sulphur dioxide, low-temperature thermal energy recovery and ion-sulphurization.
630 million yuan, an increase of 15.73 per cent over the same period. 3-Bronze gold is expected to be valued steadily at a steady high price, and in an era of steady rises in copper prices, Central Gold is expected to be able to rely on its high-quality resource reserves, strong shareholder background.
3.1 Copper: Resource barriers create a gradual increase in central prices, copper is trapped in resource endowments and lower capital spending, and production increases are in the lower range, accompanied by resources.
Nationalism has risen, copper production has often fallen short of market expectations in the last two years, and future supply and demand structures are expected to improve. While historically copper prices have shown considerable signs of falling inflation expectations as the Fed has reduced interest rates, we believe that the relatively healthy supply and demand balance table for copper is expected to keep copper prices in a higher position, thus supporting the trend toward the valuation of copper mineral stocks.
Long-term capital spending, declining resource endowments and resource nationalism have slowed the marginal supply of copper for more than a year, with exploration taking an average of 12.4 years, construction taking 1.4 years, construction taking 2.4 years, and the overall cycle being longer than the gold mine. Even with higher copper prices, the supply side remains somewhat rigid in the short term, and copper mining is difficult in the short term.
According to the capital expenditure of the copper industry, there was no significant increase in the copper cow phase in 2021, and the current rate of increase in production may already be high in relation to 2.4 years of construction. From the exploration capital of the copper industry, although it began in 2020.
At the bottom, it rose to $312 million in 2023, but the decline in resource endowments has made future copper exploration more difficult as a result of the 16-year cycle of exploration into production. Since 2017, there have been no new large-scale copper mining resources around the world, reflecting constraints on funding.
In November 2023, the cobrepanama copper mine in Panama, under the first-volume flag, ceased production due to unconstitutionality (the mine produces 350,000 tons a year, or about 1.5% of global copper production). To date, it has not resumed production.
The demand structure for copper after 2024 is more than 60%, while the real estate ratio is relatively small, and the construction share of Chinese demand is only 15%, and is relatively less relevant, and more relevant for electricity and manufacturing, so there is no need to worry about downward pressure on real estate.
The copper supply was unconstitutionally affected by the mine under the first-volume flag, which has not yet been restored. The Panamanian cobrepanama copper mine under the first-volume flag in November 2023 was cut off due to unconstitutionality (the mine produced 350,000 tons a year, accounting for 1.5% of global copper production).
In the copper demand structure, China accounts for more than 60% of the demand, while real estate accounts for a relatively small share, and construction accounts for only 15% of China’s demand, which is relatively less relevant and more relevant for electricity and manufacturing, so there is no need to worry about downward pressure on real estate.
Figure 32: Structure of domestic copper demand, construction as a percentage of about 15%
Figure 34: Supply and demand of copper 3.2 Gold: The upward trend, the dawn of the golden age, the upward trend may continue. The 2024 gold has recorded a significant increase, but we are still in the same position.
We believe that the rise in the current round is not over, that the essence of the price of gold is the US government’s deficit rate, and that, as the US economy turns weak, and global geopolitical tensions are strained, the upward trend in the US’s deficit rate is likely to drive the rise in gold. A detailed industry perspective can be found in our earlier publication Precious Metal Question 8: Gold Cow may continue.
1. Central bank purchases are expected to continue for a long time, and the Central Bank of China suspended the purchases as a temporary disturbance. In May and June 2024, the Central Bank of China stopped the purchases and triggered fluctuations in the gold market, a factor that we believe is short-term. In the long term, the share of gold in China ' s current foreign exchange reserves is about 5 per cent, compared to the United States, Germany and other European countries.
There is still a big gap between the countries of the continent, and there is still much room for continued gold purchases in the future. Historically, the central bank of China has stopped buying gold, often accompanied by a trend up in gold prices, rather than by market concerns, and in 2022, after the central bank of China stopped growing gold prices, with varying degrees of trend upswing in gold prices.
The reason why the central bank suspended the purchase of gold is price-sensitive. The central bank would take gold prices into account to some extent, and the price of gold in 2024 was higher than ever before.
Price sensitivity has led to a gradual weakening of central bank purchases.2 The US credit-currency system is weak, the deficit rate rises, and gold is linked to the US deficit in the long run. Although gold is not a French currency, it is unique.
Monetary attributes can be seen as a “black mirror” of credit money, which is underpinned by government credit, and government trust in a visible form. The higher the deficit rate, the weaker its credit margin. For example, in the 1960s, the United States, under the Vietnam War and the Great Society process, sharply increased its deficit, reaching $25.1 billion in 1968, up from a year ago.
Two times as many countries started to run on gold, and President Nixon unilaterally announced in 1971 that he would give up his gold base, not exchange it for gold, and that the Bretton Woods system would eventually collapse. Now that it is no longer the Bretton Woods system, countries still consider credit factors for their reserves, and rising US deficits will allow central banks to reduce their dollar asset reserves and shift to gold requirements.
In the 1980s and 1990s, when the real interest rate dropped sharply, the decline in gold could be explained by the downside of the deficit rate, which seemed to have been absent from the traditional framework of real interest rates.
While it is true that the current Palestinian-Israeli conflict brings benefits from the risk-averse attributes of gold, the weakening of US control in the Middle East has weakened the US credit currency system at a more far-reaching level. In recent years, the US dollar’s share of global foreign exchange reserves has declined to 25 years after the effects of events such as the war in the Russian Federation, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and the reversal of America’s long-standing high deficit and counter-globalization.
And the current decline in the attractiveness of dollar assets and the dollar’s relative share of global foreign-exchange reserves means that the US Treasury must rely on higher interest rates to attract international investors. And high interest rates are undoubtedly a double-edged sword, on the one hand, and higher.
Interest rates can increase the attractiveness of US debt and thereby help it access external financing, but high-cost state debt, on the other hand, has undoubtedly increased fiscal spending pressure, resulting in rising deficit rates that eventually erode the creditworthiness of US debt and dollar assets. According to the US Fiscal and Budget Office, the interest on US debt will rise over the next decade, projected to be higher than in 2034.
After 16 per cent of total budget spending, and considering that the US has lower-than-expected rate of interest reduction due to second-inflation concerns, this share is likely to continue to rise, and we expect the US overall deficit to be higher than expected in a situation where statutory spending is rigid, liberal spending (mostly defence spending) is difficult to go down because of geopolitical instability.
3. The interest-reduction cycle is expected to start, and trading entry is expected to accelerate the rise in gold, and the recovery of the United States economy is difficult to confirm. According to the data on non-farm casual workers in the United States (as a result of layoffs, which in the past captured downward trends in the United States economy in a more sensitive manner), casual employment is nineteen months ahead of the current trend.
Negative, and declining in absolute terms, was 2.666 million in June 2024, the lowest fast gold entry since December 2020, thus accelerating the increase in gold. Trade entry actually needs to await confirmation of interest cuts, and transactional funds that are sensitive to real interest rates are not yet available, or even available.
In 24 years of a dramatic rise in gold, the world's largest gold-setf-spdr holdings did not rise, but rather declined from their early 2024s (before the boom), suggesting that interest-rate-sensitive funds were involved and contributing to the rise in this round of gold. Historically, Spdr's entry has generally moved downwards with certainty in real interest rates.
After that, we believe that a follow-up shift in US monetary policy and the entry of transactions represented by Spdr could accelerate the forecast of profits and investment proposals for Ben 4 The company’s projects are not as fast as expected, the company’s production costs are higher than expected, and the prices of copper have fallen dramatically.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.