Performance meets expectations. Focus on the main industry, lightweight. Chen Xiang Fan, Zhou Yiu.
By industry, the engineering and machinery plate generated $17,921 million, or +69.77 per cent, the environmental industry benefited from the upturn in the engineering and machinery industry and the upgrading of the company's product structure.
The company’s core business – engineering and machinery plates – was influenced by capital investment growth, environmental upgrading, equipment upgrading, strong growth in the sale of whole series of products, and slower growth in the agro-crop prices and acquisition subsidies.
The company ' s operating cash flow of 2,851 million yuan, an increase of 31.47 per cent over the same period, was due mainly to an increase in the current period ' s operating receipts. During the reporting period, the impact of the change in income tax was increased by $9,282 million due to non-recurrent gains and losses (the main reason for the impact included $10,757 million in the disposal of non-current assets).
▪ There has been a slight decline in profitability and a good cost during the period The financial cost of the period has increased. Overall, the cost rate has been well controlled during the period.
Thanks to China’s economic recovery and the recovery of the industrial sector, there has been a significant increase in the collection of engineering machinery blocks. The cumulative sales of 140302 excavators during the year 2017, compared with 99%, have been the highest sales since 2012; all other types of machines have been well marketed.
In the future, the demand for mechanical equipment has increased significantly, and the expected industrial boom is expected to continue in 2018. The company, as the leader of the industry, has a strong market position for the dominant products: the construction of cranes, the length of concrete machinery, the maintenance of armpumps and station products as industry leaders; and the guaranteed share of the domestic market for automobile crane products.
In the second largest industry, the marketing boom leads; the domestic market share of the machinery products of the peddlers is among the top three, with sales earnings increasing by more than 200% on a year-on-year basis. As structural reforms on the supply side accelerate the consolidation of the industry, the trend towards concentration of demand in the main markets will become more pronounced.
The focus + staff incentives to promote the corporate sector  80% share in the environmental industry, future focus on engineering machinery + agricultural machinery + continued to improve performance ~20171031
During the reporting period, the company sold 80% of the shares in the environment and completed the transfer of the shares, taking into account the company’s financial position and the limited scope for industrial growth. The company retained 20% of the shares and will continue to enjoy the recovery of engineering machinery + agro-sanitation.
The sale of the environmental industry allows companies to focus on engineering and agricultural machinery for development in the field of machinery, to do good core business, and to do it comprehensively through cross-border M&As, international cooperation, etc.
In the area of engineering and machinery, the industry continues to be upgraded to achieve higher-quality development: in the area of agricultural machinery, the integration of global R & D resources, the acceleration of product restructuring and technological upgrading, and the transition to “agriculture and equipment industry holding companies”.
With the benefit of the continued warmth of the engineering and machinery industry and the integration of corporate operations, we expect Toshio Securities Company Ltd. to be in possession of a securities investment advisory committee with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.