1. An assessment by the Trina Energy Corporation: the strategy of globalization supports the profitability of components, the growth of photo-storage components and the safeguarding of competitiveness by the forward-looking global production and distribution of capacities.
During the first half of 2024, the output of the company component was 34gw, an increase of more than 25 per cent over the same period.
2023.10.29 The chain of profit is under pressure, with the company q2 selling a 1.7 pct to battery, assembly) and American base (5gw components) falling in the second half of 2024.
It is hoped that the company will be able to respond effectively to global trade risks by maintaining a competitive distribution system in high-profit markets, staircases, reservoirs, and integrated energy solutions providers, with multiple profit points supporting growth against risk. The company is committed to building a photovolt energy mix.
Solution providers, with distribution systems in excess of 3.2gw in the first half of the year, the wealthier in the sky, the second highest in the world, with domestic household markets accounting for nearly 20 per cent and a higher level of profitability;
Major global photovoltaic markets such as the continent, North America, South America, Asia and the Pacific, and the Middle East and North Africa have made major breakthroughs in overseas markets such as Brazil, Uzbekistan and New Zealand in the first half of the year.
The forward-looking strategic layout supports companies with multiple profit points, increases the Department’s resilience to cyclical fluctuations, helps companies become integrated energy solutions, assets and credit impairments affect performance, and operating cash flows are positive.
Companies account for assets and credit impairments of $516/183 million, mainly for stock impairments and responding companies achieving cash flow of $4.234 billion in operating activities, which is significantly positive.
A “buy-in” rating is maintained, taking into account the globalization of the organization of the company's component operations and the growth of the advantages of distribution, silos, storage and multi-operational synergies.