Core ideas refined Joint ventures: joint ventures are “barrel stones” of profits, and the two-field cycle of new products is expected to grow. Since 2021, there has been increased competition, accelerated vehicle-type imports, and steady growth in output expansion.
(b) Technology: efficiency gains from the gpma platform, self-researching wave power + Toyotaths to create core competitiveness. 3) Products: replacement of priority vehicles such as gs4/gs8 and subsequent uplifting, m6/m8 mpv became a new engine for the breakup, and the promotion of seals on the market changed the vulnerability of the car.
Increased vehicle efficiency, with the projected annual sales of 400,000 vehicles, is likely to be lost. • EAAN: “Black Technology” builds strong product power, and the transformation is expected to re-establish corporate valuations. 1) Technology: Develop a high-efficiency R & D model for the ev Self-Research +icv Group, EAngelp Platform, Multiple One power drive, cartridge batteries, super-long continuation + super fast charge technology to provide core competitiveness. 2) Products: Aions/v/y grabs 100-20 million yuan in pure electricity market with strong product power, aionlx
Up-seek the high-end market. 3) Capability: 20,040,000 vehicles are expected to produce in 2022/23, supporting a 25,3 million hit by 2022 sales. 4) Brokering: Internal asset restructuring integrates EA’s “promotion and marketing” and is expected to drive companies to make a profit. We expect EA’s harvest to be over $40 billion in 2022, with a target value of hundreds of billions for the standard new power ps level.
The opportunity to rise, self-empowerment is expected to be a new growth point for the company, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Autonomous joint ventures are expected to take place in parallel, with the South’s leading car industry, and joint ventures are expected to be “barrel stones” for corporate profits.
Autonomy rises, profit stops, deep-seated intelligence, eco-cooperative empowerment, autonomous joint ventures, and the South's leading car industry.
1.1 Broad Air Group: The whole “a+h” is listed as a central advantage of the whole industry chain layout, and the capital structure is gradually improving. Guangzhou Automobile Group Limited was established in 1997 and subsequently listed in 2010 at the h stock market and landed in 2012 at the a stock market, becoming the first large State-owned group with a plush stock as a whole.
The company ' s first major shareholder is Guangzhou AutoIndustries Group Ltd., with a combined share of 52.56 per cent of the company ' s total stock stock as of 2022q1a. Figure 1: Wide gas achieved a+h shares in 15 years of existence on the market as a whole, Figure 2: Autonomy in parallel with joint ventures
The Guangcai Autobots Group has been set up by the Guangzhou Autobots Group Ltd.
Guangzhou Honda's car has been independently operated by Hiromoyan brands, combined with a successful stock listing, 2012.10.
Changed to form the Guangzhou Autobots and became the first A+h stock to be listed as a whole.
There's a big state-owned stock-holding car group, a Guang Air Fiat, and a Guangzhou Autobots group.
Toyota, Guangzhou.
"Board new energy cars are limited, and the Broad Air Group h unit was set up at the Hong Kong Institute.
The joint exchange was successfully placed on the market, and the autonomous joint venture took hold of the South ' s leading automobile industry.
In parallel with joint ventures, there are six main lines of business that are developed in a coordinated manner, and the whole industry chain is structured to enhance the competitiveness of the company. Wide gas is integrated into industrial resources, with the development of layouts, spare parts, whole cars, commercial services, and the whole chain of mobile cars.
The entire company provides spare parts such as engines, transformers, seats, microelectrics, switchors, electrical controls, interiors, etc., of which about 74 per cent are packaged by a wide group.
1.2 Joint ventures contribute major profits, the autonomous brand stopped falling back and stabilized, and re-emerged after resonance with the dividends of the suv era. In 2012-2018, with the weight of the main suv, such as gs4, total vehicle sales rose from 660,000 cars in 2012 to 2.14 million vehicles in 2018, representing around 9% of the city, but as the suv dividend retreats and old and new product swaps are not timely, there was a drop in sales.
In 2021, sales peaked again at 10 per cent of the city's share.
1.2 Joint ventures contribute the main profits, autonomous brands stop falling back, autonomous business returns, and two fields contribute the main profits. Since 2018, companies have experienced a decline in the quality of their vehicle operations, and the return on investment has continued to provide profit security in the face of the loss of profits from autonomous flats operating from 2019 to 2020.
In the joint venture brand, the strong profit-making power of both the rich and the rich was $8.25/425 billion each in 2021, with net interest rates reaching 12.75 per cent/7.40 per cent, and the positive momentum. Figure 6: The recovery of corporate revenue began in 2020 (billion yuan, per cent) wind, Institute of Human Security
Well, well, the Institute of Human Security is running a parallel joint venture to hold the South ' s leading car industry. 1.3 Production Extension + New Ecology for Marketing Services.
• The rapid expansion of the network of producers and distributors will provide a strong guarantee for the release of sales. Wide-scale, wide-scale and productive capacity continues to be more than 100%, and the expansion of the two-field new energy source project is now expected to increase production capacity by 12.2 million vehicles after the project is completed. • In the case of distributors, the number of distributors is small and the channels are heavy. The expansion of capacity and the network of distributors is fast.
This expansion will provide a strong guarantee for the release of sales. The joint venture is the company’s profit “barrel stone”, and the two fields are expected to grow by 2.1, which is the bedrock of the profit, and Finkle and Mitsubishi focus on the differentiated market.
In 2014-2021, the volume of sales rose from 370,000 to 830,000, or 12.0% in cagr; the volume rose from 480,000 to 780,000, or 6.4% in cagr, contributing nearly 70% to the fleet, and the heat-distribution models, such as Camery, Fuchi, Hannahnda, Yakaku, boosted the market rate. In 2021, they contributed more than 100 billion dollars in investment returns to the group, and, with a growing spectrum of products and strong product power, they are expected to continue to grow steadily over the next two.
The role of “barrel stone” as a profit for wide gas. Figure 9: 70% sales of large and large capital (thousands of vehicles, per cent)
The joint venture is the company’s profit “barrel stone”, and the two fields are expected to grow by 2.1, which is the bedrock of profits, and Fisk, Mitsubishi, which focuses on different markets.
In recent years, however, the city’s share has been declining as a result of factors such as declining car-type competitiveness. In 2021, Hiromi Fik/Tirkin sold only 4/4 of the model and sold less than 3,000 vehicles per month.
Figure 12: Wide-blown F.F./T.D. sales have declined for five years in a row, joint ventures are the company's profits “barrel stones”, two fields are expected to rise to a new 2.2-high-value premium + excellent energy-saving technologies, and two-field competition is strong
*2.2.1 The exchange cycle is approaching, with a high solar-value premium and a high value-added advantage in the context of an accelerated rate of exchange. In the 2021 Chinese car-standards report published by the China-Association Association, Honda and Toyota's multiple models are ranked at the top of the range. The high-value rate sends a signal of high recognition in the brand market, reliable durability and high value for money, and it is expected that the two fields will accelerate the purchase-for-money cycle.
The joint venture is a “barrel stone” of corporate profits, and the two fields are expected to enjoy a new growth rate of 2.2 + excellence in energy-saving technologies and strong competition between the two fields.
*2.2. Combination should be reduced + weight reduction + energy efficiency requirements, with the technological advantage of the two-field Hev clear policy orientation and a definite trend towards hybrid technology. The Modified Technology is the best solution for reducing energy consumption in a short period of time.
Joint ventures are the company's profits “barrel stones”, with a promising new growth of 2.2 + energy-saving technologies, strong competition between the two fields .2.2. Combination should be reduced + weight reduction + energy-saving requirements, and the technological advantage of the two fields is clear.
Toyota and Hondai-mmd have matured performance and wide application, representing the solar system, and two fields of fuel consumption have a clear advantage.
Table 5: The two-field model has a clear advantage in ranking oil consumption in the market by segmenting, joint ventures are the company's profits “barrel stones”, and the two-fields are expected to achieve a new growth rate of 2.2 + excellence in energy-saving technologies and strong competition between the two-fields.
*2.2. Combination should be reduced + weight reduction + energy-saving requirements, the technological advantage of the two-field Hev is clear, the Toyotaths system is highly mature and capable of expansion, and it is the most marketable hybrid system in the world. Toyota has applied the ths system on the first car mix, Prius, as early as 1997, and has now evolved over four generations, becoming one of the most mature and widely applied hybrid components of the programme. Toyota continues to push this.
As of 2021, the Toyota (with Lexas brand) model had been sold in excess of 18 million vehicles, and China had accumulated more than a million.
Joint ventures are the company's profits “barrel stones”, with a promising new growth of 2.2 + energy-saving technologies, strong competition between the two fields .2.2. Combination should be reduced + weight reduction + energy-saving requirements, and the technological advantage of the two fields is clear.
Hondai-mmd has a very good system and a wide range of applications. Hondai-mmd is driven by low fuel and high output power through a unique vtec+vtc. The i-mmd configuration has two electric machines that can be operated in a demand-driven combination or combination mode, allowing the engine to always work in a relatively efficient area with relatively good fuel consumption performance. i-mmd mixed up into a third generation, and currently the Yakakuhhev, Yakupev, Odyssey mixer,cr-vphev, etc. Hev and phev are carrying a third generation of i-V.
Table 7: Honda's i-mmd hybrid system is technologically mature and fuel consumption is ahead of schedule
Wide-scale, wide-ranging products cover a full range of different categories of vehicles and price bands, with a steady increase in the sale of classic models and strong growth in the new ones. The wide-scale saloons cover mainly the mid-end market of $80-$250 million; the suv model covers mainly the mid-end market of $150,000-$300,000; the wide-blown Honda covers mainly the upper-end market of $100,000-$300,000.
Figure 16: Wide-text comprehensive layouts of car, suv, mpv markets (car, suv, car-selling in a dotted frame). Joint ventures for corporate profits “barrel stones”, with a promising start to a 2.3-high cycle of growth, with a net increase in the competitive will of the two fields.
\triangleright \triangleright \tangleright \ \ \tangleright \ \ \ \  \ \ \ \     \       \  \
Figure 19: Hot-marketing models such as Hiro Fon Kemery, Lui Ling, Wilanda, and Handa (inter-horizon; vertical axis: price/million dollar; bubble: volume) Axis: time on the market; vertical axis: millions; bubble: volume)
The joint venture is a “barrel stone” of corporate profits, and the two fields are expected to start a new growth cycle of 2.3, with a net increase in the competitive will of the two fields, which are now higher in single-car sales, but smaller in number. In the case of the whole factory, the two fields are now better in single-car sales, at the same level as the general public, but in the same number of models.
Too little, less than one-half of the population, indicates that the two fields were less willing to compete in the Chinese market in the past. From 2021, the pace of import of the vast and varied products increased markedly, and the main vehicle-style replacement + the new model opened up a strong product cycle.
2.3 A strong cycle begins, a strong two-field competition will lead to a pure increment, a strong vehicle cycle begins, and an expansion of capacity + a pure increment of product imports. Wide capital used to operate conservatively, with less than one new model per year on average. From 2021, the pace of import of vast intensities has increased markedly, and the introduction of the main vehicle-style replacement + new incarnation has opened up a strong product cycle.
Ben Wirtshu was able to achieve 890,000 and 1 million respectively in design capacity, providing a strong guarantee that sales would be released and that the expected growth in market demand would be met.
2.3 The strong cycle begins with a two-field competition that brings a pure increment, with a top-of-the-art model, a mt version of the car, and a legacy of the classic integra's operational essence.
Motivated vehicles are connected, remote control of intelligent homes. 3) Bose luxury sound systems enjoy round-the-clock hearing feasts. 4) Smart drivers are well equipped, acl is willing to take a look at Ming, distant light, smart switching systems, etc.
2.3 The strong cycle begins, with a net increase in the competitive will of the two fields \triangleright \triangleright \tranda \ \twirty driver configuration, coupled with cellular manipulation and testing. 2022 flendas will be replaced, with a larger space than the competitive car: 1) to the same level.
At a higher level, sufficient in-car space is guaranteed; 2) power is equipped with a 2.0l natural inhal engine, with a maximum power of 171 horsepower. 3) Smart drivers are well equipped with pre-collapse pcs system, lta track support systems, and drcc dynamic radar cruise control systems.
2.3 The strong cycle begins, with two-field competition increasing the will to produce a pure increment, a priority car-type approach that improves the broad product spectrum and promotes its profitability. The high end home mpv is used to target 300,000-400,000 markets, compared to the competitive model: 1) it has a super-space size; 2) it is based on the configuration of the ths to the fourth generation of 2.5l large-capacity hybrid systems (5.9l for 100 km of fuel); 3) mpv-pee, e.g., Elfa, Rexsam, etc.
Toyota mpv's good slogan provides a reputational guarantee for Sena. 22m1 sells over 5,000 units, and a steady-state monthly sale is expected to reach 7,000. Joint ventures provide corporate profit “barrel stones”, two fields are expected to start a new growth cycle of 2.3, with a net increase in competition between the two fields.
Focused car models, adapted to the rising demand for consumption in the new era, combine new luxury cars of technology and quality. The high-end suv car market in the Veysian position, compared to the competitive car market, is one:) technically, two-two-two-three-inch LCD meters with a medium-screen and a Hud system, which also creates a more technologically sensitive cabin; and (2) uses the Toyota logo tnga2.5ldynamic engine. 41% of the highest heat efficiency, wtlc works at a rate of up to 5.25l, better suited to modern household energy conservation and economic needs, and is expected to heat up sales.
The joint venture is the company's profit “barrel” and the two fields are expected to start a new growth cycle of 2.3, with a stronger competitive will to bring about a pure increment – both gas and gas – opening the way for an electric transformation in the Chinese market. Hiromoto launched a new electric brand e:np at the end of March 2022, with a first-rolled e:np1 :p1
During the same period, the primer e-tnga was released with an independent control of the electrical motor, with a maximum power of 150 kw/134kw and a range of 510 km/420/km, with a combined subsidy price range of 175,000 to 218,000 yuan. During the same period, the primer e-tnga was released with a single medium suv-bz4x, with an independent control of the electrical motor, with a maximum power capacity of 150 kw, equipped with solar panels on the roof of the vehicle, and with 1,800 km of solar power during the year.
Fig. 26: Wide-field, one car, self-empowerment, profit point, self-absorbing vehicle power, and a further increase in the rate of gas consumption is expected.
• In 2021, the country's vehicle break-through period went up, with 95.43 million vehicles in autonomous brands, or +23.1 per cent of the year, representing 45 per cent of the total number of cars sold, up from 6 pct in the last decade, up from 2020. As a strong domestic autonomous brand, it is expected that the new cycle will see a further increase in the city's share of the self-empowerment window.
Figure 28: Automobile 45 per cent in 2021. Figure 29: Automobile RV ratio is expected to increase further.
3.1 Fax: System + Technology + Product Triple Empower, Autonomous Legend re-emerging.
In 2018, sales dropped for the second year in a row, with high performance pressure, with only 295,000 in 2020. Since 2021, with the introduction of new models, accelerated replacement of main-marketing models, and technological upgrading, powerful product cycles have been rebooted, and sales have come to a point.
3.1 Fax: System + Technology + Product Triple Capability, Autonomy Re-emerging.
In 2021, m6/gs4/gs3 was upgraded, gs4pus/Puer's new car was marketed upwards, and with the further streamlining of the broad spectrum, the volume of single-car sales is expected to increase rapidly, further entrenching its fundamentals.
Autonomy rises, profit stops at 3.1: Regimes + Technology + Product Triple Empower, Autonomous Legends re-emerging
As the main distribution belt, the 80-15 million market is highly competitive and less concentrated (cr3 is stable at around 28%). The number of passing cars is in the middle, with a lower average monthly sales average. M6/gs4/gs3 upgrades in 2021, gs4 and g6 upgrades in 2022, and gs4plus/Popoults in the new car, followed by further streamlining of the broad-based product spectrum, the volume of single-car sales is expected to increase rapidly, further entrenching its fundamentals.
Figure 34: The price of the main distribution of chess has been stable with 80-15 million market performance, autonomy has risen, profit point has come to 3.1, system plus technology plus product triple empowerment, self-government legends have resurfaced.
3.1.1. Strong product cycles are reboot, and the market is expected to rise again, leading to an upturn in brand power, as the price of gs8/m8 increases by 200,000 to 300,000 mid-end high-end markets. As market concentration declines (from approximately 47 per cent to 35 per cent for Cr3 in 2017-2022), +gs8/m8 continues to rise with the emergence of a strong, autonomous brand, and the market share is expected to rise again, facing a higher-end market joint brand.
Figure 36: The spread of the medium- and high-end markets where chess gs8/m8 is located from 200,000 to 300,000. Autonomy rises. The profit point has reached > 3.1: System + Technology + Product Triple Empower, Autonomous Legend is not far from re-emerging.
A strong product cycle has been rebooted, and the drop point has reached the Quuv main vehicle, gs4plus, where the new car has landed. In 2015, gs4 was listed for 41 months with the advantage of high-flair, high-quality, low-oil consumption, etc. Cumulative sales reached millions, with a peak of nearly 40,000 vehicles per month. Gs4 products have become less competitive owing to the slow follow-up upgrades and the intensive listing of low-cost joint ventures.
In June 2021, gs4plus was officially on the market, and the new car was loaded with an intelligent cabin built by the Wireless Teledigo 4.0 with a full-scale boost, and the market share in the main power segment market is expected to pick up and break. Figure 38: Postage gs4+gs4plus4pus is expected to sell 15,000 units (vehicles) per month.
Autonomy rises, profit stops at 3.1: Regimes + Technology + Product Triple Empower, Autonomous Legends re-emerging
Autonomy rises, profit stops at 3.1: Regimes + Technology + Product Triple Empower, Autonomous Legends re-emerging
The second generation of gs8 is the Chinese brand model for the first to carry the Toyotaths hybrid technology; the smart cabin is equipped with functions such as ar-hud, adigo 4.0 and adigo 4.0.
• Since the opening of the second-generation gs8 pre-sales, 20,000 orders have passed by the end of 2021, with the prospect of setting up an autonomous large new suv pole, with a projected monthly sales of 0.5 million units in a stable state, which will drive re-innovation.
3.1 Fax: System+Technology+Triple Power of Products, Autonomous legend re-emerging 3.1.1. Strong product cycle reboots, drop-off points to market segments of m6 and m8 deep-farming, and help to spread the highest monthly sales in the mpv market. More than 100,000 mpv markets in our country have long been occupied by joint venture brands.
A breakthrough in autonomous branding was achieved with the introduction of two separate mpvs (m8, m6) in 2017 and 2018.
3.1 Legend: System + Technology + Product Triple Capability, Autonomy Re-emerging.
The market of 250,000 yuan mpv, which was explored in June 2021 following the upgrade of the Masters series, marched to the middle and upper end of the market of 200,000 to 400,000 yuan; m6 positioning for the upper end of the 10 to 20 million yuan mpv home, which rose in a strong and autonomous manner, and the profit point has reached 3.1: the system plus the technology plus the product trio, and the legend of autonomy is not far away.
*3.1.1. Strong product cycles are reboot and sales are now being stimulated by a policy of purchase swaps and multi-childization, and vehicle upgrades are expected to contribute to a further increase in the sales of mpv. The new item m6pro is a new collision alert aid for 10 full-scale 122 smart drivers, and the technology configuration of the auxiliary driving system is expected to bring the monthly sales of m8 steady-states to 0.8 million. With the official launch of the M8 series, m6pro, the transfer of mpv is more satisfactory.
With China’s car market entering a buy-in period and an increase in families with many children, the mpv market is expected to continue to grow in the coming years, and the m8 and m6 high-quality cars are expected to match the city’s continuing marketing breakthroughs and become a new engine of growth.
Table 15: Top 10 (car) Mitsubishi macrolight, mpv market sales 2019-2021
Mr. Alexander, Mr. Mitsubishi Ketcher.
Sonmax, Mr. Alex. Eastbound.
Odyssey! Odyssey! Odyssey!
Mr. Avery, with the rise of autonomy, the profit point has come to 3.1: the system plus the technology plus the product triple, and the legend of autonomy is not far away.
*3.1.1. The strong product cycle has been relaunched, and the drop in sales has reached the height of the market, which is expected to change the vulnerability of the branded car. The sale of cars in the previous series was low, with only 11,000 vehicles in 2020. In July 2021, the main sportsman, a young leopard, went on the market, selling an average of 10,000 monthly sales, prompting an increase in the share of cars in 2021 to 15.9%.
At present, there are ample hand orders, and deep insight into the needs of young people has become a driving car, improving the vulnerability of the sedan. Shadows pull back the sales of the sedan car, figure 47: The leopards are expected to drive a breakthrough in the sedan market, with steady-state monthly sales or up to 10,000.
Autonomy rises, profit stops at 3.1: Regimes + Technology + Product Triple Empower, Autonomous Legends re-emerging
Under the gpma structure, the leopard power is strong, with over 10,000 monthly steady-state sales expected at super-high value. The leopard is the first compact motor car built on the gpma structure, using a new generation of 1.5 tgdi motors with a full wave power plus a wide-voltage 7-speed, wet-colyced converter with a 100-km acceleration of 6.95 seconds. The leopard is expected to drive a breakthrough in the sedan market, with a steady-state monthly turnover of over 10,000 vehicles.
Autonomy rises, profit stops at 3.1: Regimes + Technology + Product Triple Empower, Autonomous Legends re-emerging
• Wave mixed with 2.0, and new car-type hot-marketing dates. Following the screening in August 2021, a second-round brand-new vehicle -- a compact suv-cooter -- was first mounted on the gmc 2.0 system, which will be available in 2022. The leopard masters continue the design philosophy of techno-industrial aesthetics, which is highly subversive in its appearance.
Autonomy rises, profit stops at 3.1: Regimes + Technology + Product Triple Empower, Autonomous Legends re-emerging
By 2022, the "a, b, 2 tables, 7 models" layout was developed, and the product spectrum was streamlined to improve vehicle efficiency. In 2021, gs4, gs8 and m8, the main vehicle model was upgraded to become available, and the leopards were placed on the market, opening a wide-broadcast product cycle.
Autonomy rises, profit stops at 3.1: Systems + technology + product triple empowerment, autonomy re-emerging 3.1.2. Technology goes hand in hand with institutions, actively seeking change in low tides - platforming
With regard to platforming, the Gpma Modularized Platform has been strongly promoted by a wide range of vehicles, including sedans, suvs, mpv and other vehicles, "33111", including power-driven triads, mpvs, etc.
Biade platform 2020 high pressure controller triad, low pressure controller Dobiadi Wonev, self-empowerment, profit point has come to 3.1, system plus technology plus product triple empowerment, autonomizing legends not far away.
3.1.2. Technology and system mixes, active in the search for change in the low tide - platforming. In 2019, the Broad Gas Group launched a gpma platform modular architecture covering fuel, phev, hev, and sedans, suv, mpv full-scale vehicles: 1) more than 20% energy efficiency in integrated energy consumption; 2) more than 50% universalization; 3) carrying the latest adigo intellectually connected ecosystem (Automated driving at level 103 in special scenario has been achieved).
The company has now launched a second-generation vehicle model based on the platform, such as gs4, gs4phev, ga6, ga4pus, gs3power, and the shadow leopard, which will be based on the platform’s accelerated roll-out of more and more competitive new models and the start of a modular car era. Autonomy rises, with profit turning points.
3.1 Episodes: System + Technology + Product Triple Enabling, Autonomy Re-emerging 3.1.2. Technology and system mixes, dynamically seeking change in low tides - power-side dynamics, self-researching “wave power” + Toyotaths mix, establishing core competitiveness in the field of mixing.
In September 2020, the company released a total of 96 per cent efficiency in the combined transmission of high-efficiency transformers (7wdct transformers), with a maximum transmission of 400 n.m, with a low response of 0.2 s), mixed products, three completely new platform brands that support construction.
Fig. 53: Wave power upgrade engines and transformers rise autonomously and profit point 3.1: System + Technology + Product Triple Empower, Autonomous Legend is nearing re-emerging
The combination of technology and institutions, the active pursuit of change in low tides - the power side of self-research + cooperation, and the active exploitation of opportunities for the rise of autonomous hybrid markets. 1) Self-research: as a hybrid, ad hoc transformer for wide-broad-broad-breeding autonomously developed, gmc has complete autonomous intellectual property rights, achieves a 35 per cent fuel saving rate and covers a wide-broad-broad-broad-broadbanded vehicle;
• Cooperation: Toyota, the country’s first autonomous brand with the Toyota oil and electricity mix of two arctic power systems, ths, with a third generation of 2.0tm motors, which should be used for a wide-b/c platform mix. The first, the Toyota-type second-generation gs8 of the Toyota-flagged vehicle, was launched at the end of 2021, further seizing the hybrid market.
Autonomy rises to the profit point of 3.1: System + Technology + Product Triple Empower, Autonomous Legends Re-emerging \triangleright \triangleright
Technically and institutionally, the low tides actively seek change - the power end - the wave mixing modular structure: the technology support of the wave mixing. The emb mixing modular structure released on the day includes engines, electron coupling systems and three parts of the power battery, including the engine sequence.
Engines such as 1.5l/2.0l Atkinson engines, 1.5t/2.0t Miller cycle engines, and hydrogen energy power systems; electromechanical coupling systems consisting of single power units, cascades and power splits; two options for power cells, power and balance, respectively.
3.1 Propaganda: System+Technology + Product Triple Capability, Autonomy Re-empowerment 3.1.2. Technology and system combinations, active pursuit of change in low tides - institutional aspects, extensive traffic transfer system, coordinated production and marketing. By creating a vehicle-type Big Manager for each model, the towed vertical function works in synergy with one another.
M8 team, M6 team, gs4 team.
Autonomy rises, profit stops at 3.1: The system plus the technology plus the product triple, the autonomy legend is re-emerging 3.1.2. Technology goes hand in hand with the system, actively seeking change in the low tide - the system
Innovative motor team incentives to achieve car-style success and failure are shared with team risks and benefits. In order to fully motivate the Director-General and his team to be motivated by the enthusiasm of their careers, incentives for innovation have been introduced, and vehicle-type success has been tied to the depth of team motivation by creating incentives similar to those offered by project partners, and risk-sharing and benefit-sharing have significantly increased vehicle-type success rates.
Self-empowerment rises to 3.2 EAN: with the power of technology, taking advantage of the industry.
In recent internal asset restructurings, EA will take over research and development personnel in the pure electricity sector of the EVA, which will then be independently responsible for three electric technologies; and Icv, which will be responsible for the bottom-to-sense, EA, and the executive, collaborative research and development model, which will be shared with the group.
Figure 59: Building an efficient model of research and development at the Eian-Hong Kong Institute for the Advancement of Women at the Eyan-Hong Kong Institute for the Advancement of Women
The most complete car development system, the most efficient R & D conversion rate.
icv bottom technology, whole car development, needs definition
Body engineering, forward-looking technology, modeling.
Self-empowerment rises to 3.2 EAN: with the power of technology, taking advantage of the industry.
E-A-A-E-A-E-A-E-E-A-E-A-E-E-A-E-A-E-E-A-E-A-E-A-E-A-E-A-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T, completed by the end of 2022, creating an autonomous production capacity between 2023 and 2024; power-motivation, with the first generation of autonomous power drives produced in 2021, is expected to produce a second-generation power drive in 2023, with full front-load, back-drive, and four-drive coverage. At present, E-A-A-E-E-A-T has a strong technological base in pure electricity, with pure power platforms and three power technologies in the forefront of the industry.
Self-empowerment rises to 3.2 EAN: with the power of technology, taking advantage of the industry.
1) The pure power platform gep full aluminium exclusive platform gep2.0 secures excellent heterogeneity of the vehicle.
Figure 63: Full-scale upgrade of the GP2.2 performance of the GP1.0 pure power exclusive platform (2017) GP2.0 complete aluminum exclusive platform (2019) More space, more safety and more rational power layout
Power layout, human engineering, simple structure, light quantification, lower cost, quiet comfort.
Structurally light quantifiable security, self-empowerment, profit point 3.2 E-A-E-E-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-
3.2.1 Strategic layout ahead, technological reserves rich, global first “triple one” evolution to “multiple one” efficient integrated power drive; release of the “neutron star strategy” for deep self-research and industrial applications of power cells and cores.
New energy vehicle technology and applications Reaching national leadership (first three) Focus on the three power cores, moving beyond power cell technology, integrated power-driven technology, domain control technology,
High-efficiency thermal management technology, high-power charge technology, appropriate storage of fuel cell whole vehicle integration technology Power cell system, with neutron star strategy as the main line, pursuit of higher power-driven systems, with intelligence at their core,
Continued mileage, faster charge speed and safer use security, pursuit of extreme power and efficiency, self-empowerment rises and profit points have come to an end.
3.2 EAN: With the sharp edge of the technology, take advantage of the industry's strategic layout. 3.2.1 Strategic layout ahead. Technology reserve. Box battery technology: needles can't fire, safety is guaranteed. Box cell cores with super-high heat-resistant and stable (heat-resistant temperature rises by 30%) and super-high insulation batteries.
For the first time in the industry, the three-dollar lithium battery insulation needles were incinerated, and battery safety standards were redefined by four core technologies for full-time controlled battery management systems (10 round-the-clock data acquisition per second) (using network-like nano-hole insulation materials and high-temperature-resistant upper-hulls), velocity cold systems with extremely low temperatures (a 40 per cent increase in evaporation area and a 30 per cent increase in evaporation efficiency).
Self-empowerment rises to 3.2 EAN: with the power of technology, taking advantage of the industry.
• Spongeal silicon negative electrode battery technology: a continuous mileage of more than 1,000 km, a 20% reduction in the volume and a 14% reduction in the weight of the Lithium ion battery single core; a core energy density of more than 280wh/kg. The aionlxplus on a sponge silicon cell technology continued to be on the market at the beginning of the year.
Self-empowerment rises to 3.2 EAN: with the power of technology, taking advantage of the industry.
Aionvplus, which carries the super-fast-filling technology, was on the market at the end of September 2021. Figure 69:6c Superfast 0-80% charge takes only 8 minutes. Figure 68:3c fast charge 0-80% charge for 16 minutes.
Self-empowerment rises to 3.2 EAN: with the power of technology, taking advantage of the industry.
A480 supercharges: 200 km in 5 minutes. In August this year, EA released a480 supercharger technology with a capacity of up to 480 kw and a maximum charge of 1,000 v and 600a through the design of a liquid cold charge system.
At the same time, Eian is laying out a super-energy supply network, which is expected to cover 300 cities across the country by 2025 to build 2,000 super-charge stations.
3.2 EAN: With the sharp edge of technology, take advantage of the industry's strategic layout. 3.2.1 Strategic pre-positioning, technological reserve. Breakthrough composite battery technology: micro-crystal super-lithium cell technology, full-scale performance enhancement. The super-energy lithium cell released on this year's wide-gas technology day is based on lithium phosphate.
Improvement to optimize fast charge, cryogenicity, and longevity through the introduction of a second straight polar crystal with a higher capacity, combined with ion multichannel partition technology, cathodic power buffer technology and ocv 3D space-response re-engineering technology. Autonomy rises, profit stops have come to an end.
3.2 EAN: With the sharp edge of technology, taking advantage of the winds of the industry. 3.2.2 Clear positioning + strong product strength, EA growth can be expected, with a strong increase in EA sales, reaching 120,000 in 2021. EAAN, based on the Gep 2.0 pure power platform, has now launched aions&plus car, aion
Ix&plus/aiony/aionv&plus three suv. As the pattern of cars continues to grow, EA sales have grown rapidly, with more than 10,000 sales in July 2021 and 124,000 sales in 2021 over the year, +119%.
3.2 EAN: With the sharp edge of technology, taking advantage of the winds of the industry 3.2.2 Clear positioning + strong product strength, E-A-gold growth period • with the lead of the v+icv technology, aions (including plus)/v (including plus)/y for a-class pure sedan, a-plus pure suv, a-grade pure electricity
In June 2021, aionsplus was introduced, with cartridge batteries, and adigo 4.0; in September, it was launched, with the first application of aionvplus, which is a five-minute extension of 112km. We expect aion to be high in the long run.
3.2 EAN: With the power of technology, take advantage of the industry \triangleright §3.2.2 Clear positioning + strong product power, Eyango growth period
The pre-eion advantage is marked by the highest single-car sales brand in the market of 10 to 2 million, with a rising market share. The current competition in the 100 to 2 million pure electricity market is mainly in the Great Wall of Bia, where Eyan has become the highest single-car sales brand in the market with its pre-emitting technological advantages and its rational product layout. In 2021, EA has over 16% of the net electricity market of 10 to 2 million, and EA sales and market-segregated ratios are expected to be further raised as the product spectrum continues to diversify and improve.
Figure 76: Rapid release of the 100,000-200,000bev market (in units: rise of autonomy, profit point to 3.2 Éans: use the power of technology to take advantage of the industry)
*3.2.2 Clear positioning + strong product power, with an EA high-growth period of 10-20 million pure electricity markets in the future, and EA is expected to share the dividends of the market’s growth. While the domestic car market has the highest rate of 10-20 million cars in all price bands, with a long-term stability of 40%, the current rate of electrodynamic penetration is at its lowest.
With the rapid growth of pure electric vehicles, the traditional gold price range of $10-2 million is still expected to be the largest share of the future electric vehicle market. Thanks to the forward-looking layout, EA has taken the lead in the net electricity market of 10-20 million and, thanks to its progressive technology and product power, EA is expected to raise further as its share of the market rises at that level.
Self-empowerment rises to 3.2 E.A., with the power of technology, and with the industry. 3.2.2 Clarity + strong product power, E.G. Can grow.
By 2023, EA plans to launch two high-performance, high-priced platforms, three main-power vehicles, and x-derivative models. aionlx has moved upwards to more than 200,000 high-end pure power markets, and a re-upgrading of lxplus science early in 2022 is expected to boost the sale of products.
3.2 EAN: With the power of technology, take advantage of the industrial winds 3.2.2 Clear positioning + strong product strength, Eyengau growth + plant upgrading + under construction to provide adequate capacity security.
In February of this year, it was expanded to 200,000 vehicles per year, with a second plant with a planned capacity of 200,000 vehicles per year, which is expected to be completed by the end of this year, with an estimated 200,000/400,000 vehicles expected in 2022/2023, and an expanded production guarantee order received, supporting sales.
Self-empowerment rises to 3.2 E.E.E., with the power of technology, taking advantage of the industry.
On 30 August 2021, the Volkswagen Group issued an announcement to promote the reform of the mixed EA system through the integration of new energy vehicle capabilities and operations and assets, the expansion of its capital and the introduction of strategic investors in order to be able to market independently. The Reorganization will result in an increase in its registered capital to $6 billion, with dual financial and technological empowerment, the integration of “production and marketing” and the further strengthening of its integrated competitiveness.
On March 17, 2022, EA adopted a non-public agreement to boost employee equity, “up and down” EA’s technologists at the Institute and synchronized the introduction of strategic investors. Broad-air groups pioneered “up and down” equity, giving 115 technologists EA’s shareholding, an innovative move to use the GWA’s policy dividend as a national enterprise to reform “two hundred enterprises” and push ahead with reform.
With effective incentives to boost sales, the Eian valuation is expected to dry up hundreds of millions. Eyan, as a cellular group, is developing a core motor of electric intelligence, relying on the advantages of the group's globalisation system, and is growing rapidly in the new energy “track.” In 2021, EA sold 124,000 vehicles, exceeding its annual target of 100,000.
Aionlxplus is on the market, fast-tracking and long-duration to build a strong product power. The 22m2 E-Ann smart ecological plant phase II project was successfully completed, and, with the expansion of the plant and the positive growth of the new construction, E-A-plus, it is expected that in 2022/2023, E-A-40 million vehicles will be sold twice this year.
4.1 Self-research: adigo 4.0+Pusaos, in charge of core technology 2016, the Institute of Research and Development Hubs under the banner of wide-space created the ISN Technology Research and Development Centre. By the end of 2020, autonomous research and development investments had cumulatively exceeded the level of smartness, the level of auto-drives had reached the level of 12+, the planned launch of 1,000 L4 demonstration units in 2022 and the achievement of self-research production of 1-4 volumes in 2025.
In terms of networking, wide-air self-study of technology such as the first global vehicle-borne smart communication system, 5g+v2x smart communication system, is expected to achieve large-scale applications of intelligent traffic after 2025.
4.1 Self-research: adigo 4.0+Pusaios, which controls core technology — the vast mind-driven and interconnected ecosystem adigo has evolved to 4.0. The Adigo system was born in 2016, bringing together ecological, auto-driving, mass systems, cloud platforms and big data from smart factories. Adigo 4.0 was officially released on the Voltage Technology Day in 2021.
Adigo's intelligent interconnected ecosystems are constantly on board in the mass-carrying models of the wide-aerobics and Eean, of which recent models such as aionvplus, aionlxplus, second-generation gs8 and the Shadows have been installed on the latest adigo 4.0.
Deep layout smartness, eco-cooperative empowerment 4.1 Self-research: adigo 4.0+Pusaos, controlling core technology Autopilots: Nda pilot driving aids and hpa memory parking systems, avdc shadow driver, etc., keep the industry in the lead.
In addition to this, the forthcoming research and development product “digopilot” released on the 2022 BS Day covers 39 intelligent perception sensors, including 3 variable focal laser radars, 12 high-definition cameras, 6 mm wave radars, 2 high-precision positioning units, 1 infrared camera, etc., which are integrated. It allows for redundancy of 8 major systems, such as architecture, perception, brakes, rotations, communications, etc.; super-busting functions, covering over 50 complex parking sites.
Applications such as driving.robotaxi. Deep layout intelligence, ecological co-operation enabling 4.1 self-research: adigo 4.0+Pusaos, controlling core technology.
Smart pods: Self-studying the country’s first fully-functional smart-barrel incubation platform, and developing a new generation of smart operating systems, g-os, in conjunction with ScienceSteamfly, to bring consumers a full-time, mobile travel experience. In addition, the Digospace, developed jointly by the Asociación Interstellar Consortium, can achieve a more natural voice capability and a more ecologically intuitive and intelligent landscape solution.
Figure 88: Super-sense interactive smart pods bring new experiences of mobile travel to consumers, deeper intelligent layout, eco-cooperative empowerment 4.1 Self-researching: technology is on the move, self-researching is on the move.
Adigo ecosystem re-evolving, smart-driving & smart-passing again on the new steps. Adigopilot: equipped with the most advanced 39 high-performance sensors in the industry, including 3 modifiable laser radars, 12 high-resolution cameras, 6 mm wave radars, 2 high-precision location units, 1 infrared camera, etc., allows for full-scale intelligent travel of eight large systems, such as architecture, perception, brakes, diversions, communications, etc.
Adigopilot is divided into three main platforms: 1) Under the Digopilot high computing platform, wide-voltage Nda can automatically go up and down lanes, auto-transmissions, auto-drives, auto-avoidance features, which now cover all highways throughout the country, as well as the fast and main roads in the core cities; 2) the owner of the medium-calculation platform is to focus on the “last kilometre” of intelligent driving to address parking pains, supporting more than 50 complex parking scenes, including a 15-cm distance mini-bus, wall corner vehicle.
In the case of the unmanned Digopilot, the wide gas will actively promote the landing of the L4 robotasi platform on the basis of a high-calculation platform, through the construction of a strategic layout for driving technology platforms, vehicle platforms, and travel service platforms to support wide-scale mobile travel. Adigospace is a smart cabin system developed jointly by the Institute of Wide Aerobic Research and IHO. 1) There is a more natural voice interaction capability that allows people to fly in cars in multiple scenarios.
Accurate interaction, with a command-response efficiency of 0.6s and an interactive temperature; 2) head ecological content has been introduced in entertainment functions, combined tweaks, Himalayas, beeps, etc.: 3) new smart scene solutions, covering travel scenes, supporting user customization, and allowing users to have a unique travel experience.
4.1 Self-research: adigo 4.0+Pusaos, which controls core technology, will also be launched and will continue in 2023, eeea 3.0 of the New Star Electronic and Electrical Architecture, making hardware, i.e. plug-in, frequently used software, and upgrading the user experience.
Figure 90: Wide-air autonomous research and development of eeea3.0 electrical and electronic architecture
In recent years, the company has reached strategic cooperation agreements with companies such as Hua, Tseng, Pearl River, etc., to build a cross-border integrated smart-networked car biosphere. The results of this collaboration have been gradually emerging. For example, eco-car networking products (e.g. penguin fm, qq music, tweeting voice, tweeting maps, etc.) have been transmitted to the second generation of gs4, wide-broad-broadbanded m6, as well as to the installation of vehicles such as the Aions, aionlx, etc. by Hiro-Aan; and the second generation of tweegs4 for the first global launch.
The first car, ah8, will be launched in 2023. Since the signing of the Strategic Cooperation Agreement in 2017, Hiro and Hua have been linked to smart networks.
In April 2021, the parties announced their cooperation in the development of a class-I4 auto-drive vehicle, and in July, the company agreed that Eyan and Wa would implement the project for ah8. The collaboration was upgraded.
We're working together: three series of aah8 products to create luxury high-end brands.
First-car ah8 launched mpv end payout in 2023
A series of products with the ah8 platform, deep-scale intelligentness, eco-enabling, 4.2 collaborations: scientific and technological leadership, ecological alliance.
• The results of this collaboration, which has been implemented on board vehicles such as m6, gs5, gs8, aeans, aionlx, etc., will serve as an opportunity to continue the process of digitizing and ecologizing the platform.
Table 24: Deeper and more forward-looking cooperation in the broad-air and tweak strategies, more intelligent layout, eco-enabling, 4.2 Co-operation: Co-operation with Technology Leading Enterprises, Alliance for Ecology
In May 2021, a circular was issued, co-existing the basic dimensions of the cable control chassis, autopilot sensors and system integration, defining and developing a new, unmanned new energy vehicle model that could be used to scale up, as well as a full-speed boost product. Now, in 2020, Hiroshima Eian officially launched the aionlx, with the support of the system, which will enable Eánlx to auto-pilot at the level of 193 in part of the scene.
In April 2021, a completely new hardware platform was officially launched - a drop-in bingo star. Table 25: Broad vapour and drop-in complementarities in the field of intelligent driving, deep layout intelligence, eco-co-enabling empowerment.
4.2 Co-operation: Together with the Technology Leading Enterprise, the Alliance for Ecology, the Automated Driver Programme with Laser Radar, in collaboration with Quick Start, the first global smart-modifiable laser radar model, aionlxplus, was on the market early in the year to accelerate the achievement of a wide-scale, high-level autopilot.
• In 2022, when the main vehicle type gs4/gs8 was replaced, it gradually recovered, and the car leopards continued to grow; the Eian model continued to show strong performance after the expansion of capacity, with over 100,000 sales of 2022h1 with an increase of over 100 per cent over the same year, with an expected drop of between 25 and 300,000 vehicles for the entire year 2022.
We have chosen two autonomous cars in the industry (the Great Wall, the Chang-An) as comparable companies, with an average of 30x, 25x, or less than average, compared to 2022/2023. With technology and brand build-up robustly, the firm’s joint-ventures are about to add up, with a large number of autonomous “double-stars” active to capture the powerful rise of new energy markets and maintain a “recommended” rating.
1. Operating risk: the over-expected impact of real estate on consumption squeezes, the continuing low consumer markets and the risks of industry growth are not as high as expected. 2. Market risk: performance during the replenishment cycle is predominant, with some high value companies failing to perform as expected. 3. Upstream raw material risk: higher upstream raw material cost is expected to restore the industry ' s low Māori rate.
4. Policy risks: Significant adjustments in industrial policies expose companies to higher industrial risks, leading to less than expected orders.5 Technology risks: technology development processes for new products are less than expected.6 Other risks: global chip constraints on domestic automotive supply are higher than expected, resulting in less than expected sales.
People’s “new” motorists’ team: The findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and researchers have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report. SMSC (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for securities investment consultancy licensed by the CVM.
This report does not constitute an investment proposal for the client. It should not be considered as an offer or invitation to buy or sell any securities or financial instruments. The views and recommendations contained in this report do not take into account the particular situation of individual customers.