Eyan opens the pure electricity market, and the hybrid technology is ready.
Autonomous brand sales revenue has grown rapidly, and joint brands have contributed to investment gains.
The combined growth rate of 10 per cent in the last eight years was 12/32/83/78.19 per cent for EA/XB/BD, mainly due to revenue from autonomous branded cars. 3) In terms of profits, in 2021, the company returned to its home country with a resonance between new energy sources and high-priced cars, with a full benefit to the BG group. 1) The penetration rate of new energy vehicles by vehicle
52 weeks of top/lowest prices, innovation, shift in consumer power to ordinary people, there's still much room for improvement in the next three or four-line cities, consumption structure is expected to shift from dusk to olive, and Ein's high-price model fits this phase of the market.
(ii) The macroeconomic downside, high oil prices, and the full coverage of high-priced car-types by automobile consumption stimulus policies will benefit the full range of passivations and solar brands known for oil conservation and high-value pricing. The autonomous pure positioning of electricity is clear, and end sales are growing rapidly.
The market at the 10,000 dollar level is in line with the changes in the structure of the new energy vehicle market. Technologies such as the wide-blown EAN self-research box battery system and the super-energy lithium battery, all of which are based on the pure power platform gep2.0, will be replaced by 3.0 versions in 2022. In June 2022, EA brands delivered 24,109, representing an increase of 182%.
Aions/y/v/lx delivered 8,903/11,801/3,002/403 each, and during the first half of the year the Eman brands accumulated, self-fuelled fuel and mixed platforms opened up the future. Wide air travel grew over 14 years, and the net return profit in the car, the Broad Gas Group (601238.sh) and the first quarter of 2022 grew in equal proportion.
Sov and mpv markets are fully covered, with a price range of between $100,000 and $350,000. On the technical side, it's a pass to build the structure of the gpma platform, incubating the branding of the wave, focusing on high-quality hybrid models, balancing fuel.
Economics and dynamics. The car-type leopards have explosive potential, and in June 2022 they were distributed.
KNOW Automotive-War Group - mid-point evaluation: net profits for the second quarter: full power mix, maintenance of “buy-in” rating.
In view of the increase in raw material prices in 2022, we are generally below the average of comparable companies, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
High-quality state-owned whole-car company, leading the way in overall profitability, high-quality management and workforce teams over 24 years, numbering over 500, 176 in the world.
In 2005, the company owned by Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Guangzhou, and Guangzhou Airgates, formerly owned with $810 million.
During the same year, the Guangzhou Automotive Industries Group Ltd. (HANCI) was converted into the Guangbot industry, transferring stock agreements with a limited size of not more than 10 per cent to the Band, the National Aircraft Group, the Guang Gang and the Longlong Hotel, and transforming the limited size of the atmosphere into the Guangzhou Automobile Group Inc. (HONGGA).
After 24 years of growth, the company became the largest car manufacturer in the South China region and one of the leading domestic automobile manufacturers. In 2021, the company ranked 176 top 500 companies in the world, up from 30 in nine consecutive years.
State-owned assets endorsement, centralized equity structure. As of March 2022, the top four shareholders of the Hiroshima Group were: Guang Gas Industry (53.03 per cent), Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agent) Limited (29.84 per cent), Guangzhou Treasury Investment Fund Management Limited (3.83 per cent) and Guangzhou State Treasury Development Control Limited (1.47 per cent).
The Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agent) Ltd. holds shares in the sum of the majority of h-shareholder accounts, while the Guangbot industry, Guangzhou and Guangzhou State Treasury Development Holdings together hold 58.33 per cent of total holdings, which are fully owned by the Guangzhou City State Finance Committee, Guangdong Province Finance Department and the Guangzhou City People ' s Government.
Figure 2: Broad-aggregated group equity structure Management is experienced and diverse, providing incentives to bind senior management interests. The majority of corporate management has long-term positions within the group and has extensive work experience; 10 of the 12 key members have master ' s degrees and above and are educated
By the end of 2021, the main members of the corporate hierarchy held an average of 424,000 shares, and the pre-tax remuneration averaged $2.45 million in 2021. Marketized incentives effectively align the personal interests of the executive with the overall development of the company.
Tens of thousands, of whom 60 per cent are producers, match 72 per cent of employees with higher and lower education and the staff structure, of whom nearly 90 per cent are undergraduates and above, 37 per cent are M.A. and above, the research and development staff aged 30-40 are the main forces (66 per cent) and the research and development teams are of higher quality.
Figure 3: Broad-bang staff structure by profession Figure 4: Wide-bang staff structure by academic background Figure 6: Wide-bang staff structure by age
The whole business is a company revenue pillar, a joint venture brand is the foundation of the company’s profits, and five lines of business complement each other. The company has now formed five lines of research and development, whole cars (cars, motorcycles), trade services, spare parts and finance.
The whole operation is dominated by a passenger vehicle, which includes traditional joint brands such as Honda, Toyota, Eian, etc., as well as dominant and autonomous brands. Commercial and trade services are mainly based on the sale of motor vehicles, the after-car market, and mobile travel.
In the area of research and development, the company conducts research on whole-car products, conventional power aggregates, key technology and core components, and pilot technology.
Figure 7: The five business blocks of the Volkswagen Group form a closed link to the automobile industry. The whole business is a company revenue pillar and the joint venture is the company ' s profit pillar. 1) From an income point of view: in 2021, the company ' s operating income was $75.7 billion, with a combined growth rate of 19 per cent in almost eight years.
The business income of the joint brands is not treated in the same way as that of the two major autonomous brands of passivation and Eian. In 2021, the brands of Toyota/Toyota/Hanjata/Huang Aerobics under the banner of the Soyuz Group (Chatter + Eyan)/Other sales score was approximately 83/78/44/90 thousand vehicles, representing 39 per cent and 36 per cent of 21/4 per cent, respectively, and about 80 per cent of the total value of the off-the-shelf joint brands contributed.
2) From a profit perspective: In recent years, the Māori rate of company-owned branding has declined significantly to less than 5 per cent, owing to the drop in the volume of automobile sales in the country in 2017-2018, the rise in the cost of upstream raw materials, and the increase in research and development expenditure on corporate brand ownership. In 2021, the net return to the mother was $7.3 billion, and in almost eight years the compound growth rate was 13 per cent.
Figure 8: Annual operating income (millions of dollars) from the main operations of the Broad Gas Group, Figure 9: Annual sales (vehicles) from the main brands of the Broad Air Group, Figure 11: Annual gross profit rate from the main operations of the Broad Air Group
Figure 10: Māori (millions of yuan) from the main business of the Broad Air Group for each of the years
In the medium and long term, the company’s performance also continued to grow at a high rate of 19% cagr and 13% cagr in 2013-2021.
Figure 12: The annual gross operating income of the Volkswagen Group and the average profit-and-contribution ratio for two consecutive quarters of the year increased. On a quarterly basis, the company collected $20,163 million in the fourth quarter of 2021, with a corresponding/ring increase of 1 to 4 per cent, and a net profit of $2,051 million for the mother, with an increase of 113 to 117 per cent for the same/ring ratio;
Billion dollars, or 27/47% growth in the same/ring ratio. The large increase in corporate income in the first quarter was mainly due to the favourable sales of autonomous brand names, 1.5 times the increase in Eian ' s sales of new energy vehicles, and the large increase in net profits, mainly due to the second-tier collection of joint/associated companies, where the net profit of the mother is second only to the upper conglomerates.
Operating income from joint ventures and associated enterprises is not included in the consolidated statements, so the collection volume is relatively small, but it remains at the level of the second-tier team. In terms of the dimension of the net return on the parent, the company ' s investment returns are more profitable, and since 2020 the net return on the parent is the second highest in the country, second only to the upper pool.
Figure 16: Comparison of operating income of major domestic automobile enterprises (millions of dollars) Figure 17: Comparison of net return profits of major domestic car enterprises (billions of dollars)
Investment returns have increased steadily, contributing to the company ' s main profits. Corporate investment returns have been $11,814 million throughout 2021, and figure 20: Quarterly investment returns and the corresponding ratio of Quarterly investment returns to Quarterly earnings and net return on Quantities.
The Māori rate and net interest rate have risen steadily. The Māori rate in 2021 was 7.9 per cent for the year as compared with 1.4 percentage points, and in 2021 the Māori rate and net interest rate in the context of a lack of cores and an increase in the price of raw materials increased, largely as a result of increased sales of the main branded vehicle model to achieve economies of scale.
Figure 22: Volatile group annual Māori rates and net interest rates
The company ' s Māori ratio was the highest in the major car industry in 2018, while it was the lowest in the industry in 2019-2021, with the combined effect of reduced production and sales, increased price promotion, a fall in subsidies for new energy vehicles, and higher cost of raw materials. With regard to net interest rates, the company has always been a leader in the industry, 4 percentage points above the industry average.
More than the point, due mainly to the profitability of the company’s joint venture brand of Toyota Toyota and Hiro Honda, and the investment returns resulting from the scale increase the net interest rate of the company. Cost control is good, and the cost rate for the period will fall as a result of the scale effect.
The pace of growth is synchronized with a steady decline in the cost rate over the period with the effect of scale. Figure 26: Cost rates over the annual period of the Broad Gas Group Horizontally, the cost rate over the period of the company is higher than the average for the industry. In 2018-2021, the cost rate over the period of the company was lower than the average for the period of the industry.
Both were higher than the industry average, mainly because of the higher cost of company sales and the higher rate of management costs. 1) In terms of sales costs, the company ' s sales costs were mainly invested in advertising fees and sales personnel ' s wage benefits, accounting for 2.73 per cent and 1.20 per cent of operating income in 2021, respectively, and were the highest among the major car manufacturers.
A total of 6,059 sales workers, representing 6.25 per cent of the total number of employees, were the highest among the major drivers. (2) In the area of management costs, the company ' s management costs were mainly derived from the salary benefits and depreciation amortization of managers, and in 2021 it accounted for 2.73 per cent and 1.20 per cent of the industry ' s income, respectively, which was higher than the industry average, mainly due to the administration ' s employees.
Higher per capita remuneration and still room for upwards in the volume effect of corporate sales, etc. Figure 29: Composition of the costs of wide gas group sales in 2021 Figure 30: Composition of the management costs of the wide gas group in 2021
In 2021, with a detailed salary and welfare for the sale costs of the BG group, the new energy and high-value resonance of the market will benefit the entire area, the new energy vehicle will be rapidly infiltrated, and the consumption structure is expected to change.
New energy automobile consumption is gradually shifting to the general population, looking back at the development of smartphones, which, after a penetration rate of more than 20 per cent, are entering the accelerated penetration phase, on the one hand, and on the other hand, consumption power, which moves from technocrats, technology fans, to the general population, with large-scale penetration.
From January 2011 to February 2022, China increased its smartphone penetration rate from 16% to 98%. Of this, smartphone penetration for the first time exceeded 20% in February 2011 and fluctuated over 20% in the following months. In June 2011, smartphone penetration rates increased from 16% to 98%.
With the accelerated penetration of smartphones, the power of the smartphone industry has changed. Until 2011, the smartphone industry was in the early stages of import, when the main consumer was often a strong purchasing power.
As a result, software and hardware are fully self-researched, combined with the most powerful, brand-based apples to lead the industry forward. After 2011, the industry entered the rapid growth phase, smartphones entered the eyes of ordinary consumers, and the volume of goods delivered by the industry.
There has been a marked shift in the main contributors to growth. Because ordinary consumers are less ambitious in their pursuit of technological trends, they are more diversified in demand, brands, positioning relative to pro-people, relatively high value for product, and there are relatively well-defined followers of market customers.
During this period, benefiting from the decline of traditional cellular giants, the rapid expansion of the smartphone market as a whole, Apple’s overall volume and market share in China’s market has continued to rise, but the city’s ranking has fluctuated.
According to the China Air Association, in December 2021, for the first time, China’s new energy traffic penetration rate exceeded 20%.
By 20.57%. As of June 2022, China had 26% penetration of new energy vehicles, a trend that resembled accelerated penetration of smartphones. Figure 34: Sales and penetration of new energy vehicles in China
Similar to the industry ' s export characteristics in the accelerated phase of smart phones, since 2022, with the accelerated penetration of new sources of energy by vehicle, positioning relative to the upper-middle-end, product-based prices, and general consumer-oriented sales and market share of adam and Biade have been on the rise (the drop in sales at the end of January 2022).
During spring holidays, the fall in sales in early April 2022 was due to the Shanghai epidemic affecting industry production and delivery.
Car penetration has increased from 7% to 28%, an increase of 21 percentage points. Among these, Beijing/Shanghai/Guangzhou/Deep Population density and traffic congestion, and some consumers' preference for fuel cars, we believe that the city's new energy penetration rate has reached a staged peak, and the subsequent rate of increase may slow down to the market as a whole.
It is difficult to increase its incremental contribution even further, excluding Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Chengdu, Hangzhou, Chongqing, Xian, Suzhou, Wuhan, Nanjing, Tianjin, Chengzhou, Changsha, Dongjing, Fushan, Ningbo, Qing Island, Shenyang and Shenyang, which are 19 major second-line cities in the country.
In April, 26% of the second week, and at one point in March 2022, it peaked at 31%. There is a clear upward trend. Given the distance between the three- and four-line cities, where new energy use is now available, there is still a large gap between the first-line cities (about 2 to 19 percentage points), and the relative density of the three-line cities.
With relatively low levels of traffic congestion, we believe that in the next few years, the need for new energy by car in three or four-line cities is expected to grow considerably, making it an important contribution to the increased domestic sales of new energy by car. In terms of residential income, in 2020, employment in the first-line urban unit, represented by Beijing/Shanghai, was flat.
The average wage is 18.17 million yuan, while the average wage for urban employees in the more economically developed provinces of Guangdong/Gangsu/Zejiang is 11.10.11 million yuan, or about 60% in Beijing and Shanghai.
RMB, about 80 per cent of economically developed provinces and about 45 per cent of Shanghai, Beijing. 39: Average wage of employed persons in urban units ($) Figure 40: Average wage of employed persons in urban units ($)
The difference in income levels directly results in a difference in consumption preferences in passenger cars, with best-selling models in first-line cities at an average price of about $150,000-170,000 higher than in the ordinary provinces. According to insurance data, in 2021, the top ten-line cities in Beijing/Shanghai had a weighted average sale price of $270,000 and a start-up price of over $200,000, respectively.
There are four-quarters of the luxury model, of which Teslamodely, Teslamodel3 and Biadehanev have a weighted average sale price of $11.1 million, none of which has a start-up price of more than $150,000, and three-thirds of the start-up model of more than $100,000.
In the case of new energy vehicles, consumption preferences vary even more between first-line cities and the ordinary provinces of the economy, with the Beijing/Shanghai best-selling model at an average price of $170,000 to $210,000 higher than that of Henan/Hebei. Among the top 10 new energy models, North; Hebei/Henan bicycles are sold at an average price of $99,000, with start-up models worth over $200,000.
In our view, there is a clear step-by-step gap between the average wages of urban units in the country's first-line cities, economically developed provinces and ordinary economic provinces.
Urban shifts may be accompanied by differences in consumption preferences due to differences in income levels. Compared to higher branding, more technology-sensitive models, more pro-people branding, and more expensive models, new energy consumption patterns can be expected to shift from dumb-bell to olive patterns.
The traditional car market is generally an olive-type structure, with a high value-for-car model, generally in the range of $100,000 to $200,000, and is reflected in a higher proportion of a-class compact vehicles at the level of the car. This is consistent with the basic consumption pattern, whereby low-cost products tend to have the widest segmented market.
The new energy vehicle is a dumb bell structure, selling low-end vehicles at $100,000 or less and selling high-end vehicles at more than $200,000, while the median is low. The main reason for this is that the 10-20 million-bit is the most competitive and priced traditional fuel trucks.
Early electric vehicles, subject to cost and product power problems, have difficulty in effectively replacing fuel trucks in this zone. Figure 45: Bev share of new energy sales by grade, 2021, Figure 46: Pev share of new energy sales by grade, 2021
Since 2020, subsidies for new energy vehicles have fallen sharply, with the industry moving from a policy-driven to a market-driven one-size-fits-all industry generally improving cost controls and product prices. All good factors have contributed to the decline in the cost of new energy vehicles, higher value for money, and new energy vehicles are expected to compete more and more in the market at the $10-2 million price band.
In terms of actual sales structure, with the increase in the productivity of the flat-priced vehicle, the distribution of new energy vehicles shows a clear shift from the dumb-bell to the olive-type. The share of micro- and medium-c-sized cars of a00 class has gradually declined, the share of compact vehicles of a class has continued to rise, and the distribution structure of new energy vehicles has continued to rise.
The economy is going to stoke up the policy stimuli, high-priced versus car-types are going to be on the verge of an outbreak, macroeconomic growth is slowing, and high-priced under new normals are going to be better than car-type.
In terms of economic aggregates, in 2000-2021, China ' s gdp grew from 10 trillion yuan to 114 trillion yuan, and its year-on-year volatility declined, starting in 2011 to a single-digit level, and was affected by the epidemic in 2020, with the gdp increasing by 8.10 per cent in 2021, roughly the same level as in 2011-2012.
The trend towards a slowdown in the growth rate of gdp has become increasingly clear, with a low rate of growth or a new normality.
The rate of increase has been reduced to a single-digit level, and in 2020 it was as low as 3.48%. At the same time, the rate of growth in the disposable income of urban residents has slowed, while the share of food expenditure by urban residents has fallen little, to the point that the income available to residents to purchase large quantities of alternative consumer goods, such as cars, is limited.
In terms of per capita consumption, the country ' s per capita consumption expenditure (transport and communications) fell from 11.9 per cent in 2013-2016 to 11.9 per cent in 2013-2016.
In comparison with the increase in the growth rate, the rate of growth in China’s traffic by car was more marked than the rate of increase in gdp, the rate of slowdown. In terms of total retail sales of social goods (cars) in enterprises above the limit, China’s limit was set at 2010-2021.
Total retailing of social consumer goods (cars) increased from 1.67 trillion yuan to 4.38 billion yuan annually, at an average annual rate of 9.17 per cent. Between 2018 and 2020, total retail sales of social consumer goods (cars) in enterprises above the quota range continued.
Highly consistent. In the context of a slowdown in macroeconomic growth, automobile consumption is equally weak, with more favourable purchase prices, lower maintenance costs and higher-priced models expected to emerge. Figure 57: Growth in social car consumption compared with the increase in gdp
Purchase tax cuts followed local subsidy policies, with full coverage of high-value models, affected by various factors, such as the epidemic, the downside of the domestic economy in the first quarter of 2022, specifically in the automobile industry, and sustained pressure on the supply and demand side of the industry due to the epidemic, disruptions in logistics, suspension of distributors, etc.
In February 2022, the State Council issued the “14th Five-Year Plan for Rural Modernization in Agriculture,” which explicitly states in chapter V, section VI, that:
On the evening of 31 May 2022, the Ministry of Finance and the General Directorate of Taxes issued a circular on the reduction of taxes on the purchase of vehicles in passenger cars.
The introduction of a vehicle acquisition tax by halving the number of 2.0 litres and less than 300,000 United States dollars (excluding the incremental tax) of single-car prices for the period from 1 June 2022 to 31 December 2022, with the benefit of a vehicle acquisition tax to be applied at a rate of 7.5 per cent in the following year, in order to achieve a boost to the car consumption market.
The first two rounds of the recompilation of stimulus effects: the first round (2009-2010) of the acquisition tax concession was measured and the Government used some $43.5 billion in fiscal revenue to stimulate the incremental consumption of some 3.68 billion vehicles; the second round (2015-2017) of the acquisition tax concession, whereby the Government used about $155.3 billion in fiscal revenue to stimulate the incremental consumption of some 3.74 million vehicles.
The key to calculating the difference between actual sales of subsidized vehicles (after imposition of tax deductions) and comparative sales (false establishment without tax deductions) is to estimate the booster benefits of the acquisition tax credit for 1.6l and the following loads of vehicle sales. For example, the first acquisition tax deduction in 2009-2010:
The increase in sales was 33 per cent (with greater volatility over the past three years, resulting in a compound increase), while the actual sales were stimulated by an incremental volume of 1.57 million vehicles and 2,124 million vehicles (3.68 million in total) respectively, with a elasticity of 15 per cent and 15 per cent respectively;
On the basis of the above calculations, it is possible to calculate a second round of subsidized countries that stimulate the incremental consumption of approximately 3.74 million vehicles with government revenue of about $155.3 billion. The marginal promotion effect is about 0.24 million vehicles/billion yuan.
In terms of the scope of the subsidy, it is generally expected that the subsidy will be in line with the first two rounds of the subsidy, and that the actual subsidy policy will be set at 2.0l (below 30w) and increase the benefit from 65 per cent to 84 per cent (2021 fuel).
(ii) In terms of the duration of the subsidy, which is expected to be used as a “heavy heart agent” in the second half of the year, as compared with the structure of the vehicle of less than $300,000, as follows: 2.0l in 2021
We expect to boost the volume increase in fuel sales by around 1.5 million vehicles during this round. In 2021, 8.98 million vehicles, or 84.7 per cent of the share of fuel vehicles in June-December 2021, were used as a benchmark:
\triangleright has a high level of retention, reduces the sensitivity of car consumption to policy stimulus, and the marginal effect of this round of stimulus should be measured in monetary terms, in order to demonstrate the approximate magnitude of the stimulus effect, for information purposes only.
Figure 62: General trends in vehicle sales for this year under the acquisition tax policy (vehicles) Figure 63: General trends in vehicle sales for this year under the acquisition tax policy
According to the policy, a high-quality fuel truck with a large product matrix and a new energy car with a strong product and a new product cycle are expected to yield priority benefits. From the point of view of the model, 1) the sale of fuel cars and suvs in the rows of 2.0l and below in 2021 is regulated.
Moreover, of the cars, sales of 2.0l and below amounted to 7.43 million vehicles, or 74.8 per cent (of which .11.6l and 1.6-2l accounted for 54.7 per cent and 20.0 per cent); of the suv type, sales of 2.0l and below amounted to 8.42 million vehicles, or 83.3 per cent (of which .11.6l accounted for 50.7 per cent and 1.6-2l respectively).
The proportion is 32.7 per cent, and the main ones are joint ventures (the sun is bright) and some autonomous ones (the Great Wall, Chang-An, etc.); and 2) 1.6l (excluding) - 2.0l, which are in the fuel market of $200,000 to $300,000, covering most joint ventures and autonomous high-end, luxury vehicles.
From the point of view of automobiles. Selecting high-quality fuel cars with a rich product matrix in recent years: a wide-blown group, a Chang An car, a Great Wall car, and a Jili car, with four cars of 2l and below as a percentage of passenger vehicles from low to high, respectively, a wide-gas group (74.9%), a Great Wall car (86.9%), a Chang An car (88.5%), a Jili car
(93.8 per cent); 1.6l (excluding)-2l as a ratio of the Wall (27.1 per cent), Volkswagen (30.1 per cent), Chang An (34.5 per cent) and Gilly (42.5 per cent). In our view, “two-high” (2l and below) as a ratio, with 1.6l-2l as a ratio, are expected to be in this case.
In the case of new energy vehicles, there have been a number of recent good policies on the benefits of new energy vehicles, and on 31 May, four sectoral policies on encouraging the return of 2022 new energy vehicles were launched in tandem with a campaign for the period between May 2022 and December 2022.
There are now 26 companies (nearly 70 of them) involved in the operation. In Shanghai, there are also individuals who have replaced pure electric cars.
The fee-payers gave a one-time subsidy of $10,000 (the share of new energy sales in Shanghai in 2021 was around 7-8%). The policy catalysts, high oil prices, and a strong product cycle in the second half of the year were added to the growth momentum of the new energy vehicles, which we believe have had a limited impact on the current fuel truck acquisition tax credit.
The “two-way pressure” of weak demand, which alleviates the sale of fuel vehicles (purchase tax subsidies) and the growth of solid new energy vehicles (consumption subsidies, such as the suburbanization of cars and the replacement of trams) is the “combined fist” that the current phase of the policy boosts the car market, adding up to the resumption of production along the supply chain, with rapid recovery expected in the second half of the year.
With the combined benefits of E-A-new energy and high-value transmissions and solar vehicles, we believe that, under the current round of policy subsidies, high-quality fuel trucks with a rich product matrix, new energy vehicles with strong product power and new product cycles, are expected to benefit on a priority basis.
Biandi (high growth in new energy vehicles + high product cycle), wide-bond group (synchronous benefits from the purchase of taxes + new cars with bright spots + the sustained increase in EA), Chang An (higher share of 1.6-2.0l row beneficiaries, autonomous brands, uni series +cs new cycle, folding of new energy deep blue brands)
Of the 30 major new items listed for the three beneficiary companies, 14 are the wide-colour flag type, which is expected to result in an incremental contribution above the industry average. The wide-scale solar-day class is expected to be raised. In the current subsidy, the solar-synchronous type of car has a relative fuel consumption.
Low, discounted by fluctuations in oil prices; 2) new and replacement vehicle cycles, such as Camery, were all more productive best-selling models; 3) super-aggregated Japanese-synthetic models were relatively high (47 per cent of top10 cars), and we believe that the Japanese model would benefit from “frontier” subsidy for the current round.
Autonomy rises, joint ventures are robust.
In November 2018, the new energy source released its global first instalment, which was a very long one, the pure electric vehicle aions (a compact car, 13,96-19.16 million), marked the birth of the Emén brand.
In November 2020, the new energy source was officially changed to the new energy source known as Hiro-Ayan, which operates independently of the Eian brand. From the new energy type 1 ge-3530, it was pre-sold to the 4-car type of Hiro-E-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A.
The monthly sales broke out by 20,000 vehicles for less than four years. Energy distribution: Phase II of the Pan-Ayan Smart Ecology Plant was completed in February 2022, with an annual capacity of 200,000, and the second plant is expected to become operational in the fourth quarter of this year, at a level of 400,000 vehicles per year.
Sales overview: 120,155 EA brand deliveries in 2021, an increase of 102 per cent compared with the previous year, of which 69,219/34, 108/15, 825/003 were delivered respectively; 24,109 were delivered by EA brands in June 2022, of which 8,903/11,801,002/403 were delivered by Aions/y/v/lx and cumulatively EA brands in the first half of the year
On March 17, 2022, Hiro-Ayan, a non-public tech owner, held a wide-blown E-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-T-A-T-A-T. On July 18, Hiro-Aan launched a new campaign replenishment project, which was officially launched.
This fund-raising will focus on research and development and industrialization of core technologies such as new product development, new generation batteries, power-driven research and development and industrialization, intelligent driving, smart cabins, energy ecology, and expansion of productive capacity. According to company plans, the mix will be completed in 2022, with 2023.
Accurate positioning potential market, in response to a shift in the structure of new energy vehicle sales, looks at the history of the new Eian vehicle, which is clearly located. In 2018, the new energy remodelling model of the new energy engine, which was launched in June and September, was mixed up with the pure suv car.
In 2019, the Eian brand was officially launched, the pure saloon aions became the first product, selling an average of 6,000 vehicles per month in 2021; in October of the same year, the middle- and high-end pure electricity suvyan lx was officially marketed, entering the 300,000 dollar market. In 2020, the first compact suv vehicle was launched.
This is close to 10,000 vehicles per month, which is another type of car blast after the aions. The four main forces are now located in the market, with clear location and coverage of different price zones or class types.
With the exception of aionlx, the official price of instruction for the main vehicle type does not exceed $250,000. In 2021, net electric vehicle sales a00 were about 30.1%, net electric vehicle sales b were about 20.6%, and the new energy-car market presented a “dumb-shaped” distribution structure.
The new energy vehicle-type product for positioning will be enhanced, new energy vehicles will be sold over time at levels ao and a, and the market for new energy sources will accelerate the optimization of the “ Olive-shaped” market for mature fuel trucks. The model of the car will be geared to the 150,000-250 million dollar-level market, taking advantage of the opportunities for structural transformation of the new energy vehicle market.
Battery technology continues to evolve and pure power platforms continue to upgrade 1) Innovation in cartridge batteries achieves a balance of safety, performance and cost: On March 10, 2021, wide-air Eyan released battery system security technology from core materials, battery structures, cooling systems and battery management systems
Four latitudes increase the safety of power cells and create three-dollar lithium battery packages that are for the first time recorded as unfired and explosive in needle-tock tests. Box cell energy density increases by 9.4% relative to the normal battery package, and the mass energy density increases by 5.7%, with a 10% reduction in cost.
The cartridge battery technology can be applied to a battery package of two materials, lithium phosphate and lithium tri-dollar, which is currently on board for the AE model. Figure 76: Box battery technology redefines three-dollar lithium battery safety standards
Figure 77: Trinity lithium batteries using cartridge battery technology were tested for the first time through whole-pack needle prickling. On 9 April 2021, the company released a neutron star strategy to achieve breakthroughs in core and fast charge technology. 2) Spongeal silicon negative polar battery technology: adding silicon to the battery ' s negative end, 10 times higher than conventional negative energy.
The power cell monomer can reduce the volume by 20% and the weight by 14% by using the same amount of electricity. After testing by a third-party authority in accordance with national standard operating conditions, it uses the sea silicon negative cell technology, which continues a mileage of up to 1,000 km.
The pilot has been in operation for two years, and has been on aaionlxplus long-cycle vehicle type since the end of 2021. 3) The graphite-based fast charger battery technology: a significant increase in the charger efficiency and heat radiation by adding the graphite additive to the battery material. The graphite super fast charge battery technology is first applied to the aionv model.
Two versions: 3c fast charge battery system continues over 500 km, 0%-80% charge time, 16 minutes, 30%-80% charge time, 10 minutes charge time, double-story liquid cold system, and has completed winter standard validation to accommodate existing fast charge stations; 6c Figure 78: Spongeal silicon negative polar cell energy more than 10 times
Figure 81: The 60 superfact charger system 0-80% charge time is only 8 minutes, followed by the release in 2021 of three primary battery technologies: Spongeal Silicon Negative Battery Technology, Superfast charge Technology and Box Battery System Security Technology, which solves the basis for the user's three main pains of renewal, charging, safety, etc.
U.S., in 2022, the company announced a breakthrough composite battery technology - a new generation of super-energy lithium battery technology (smlfp) based on micro-crystal technology.4 A new generation of super-energy lithium battery technology based on micro-crystal technology (smlfp): super-energy lithium batteries compared to current ones
Quantified lithium phosphate cores on the market, 13.5 per cent increase in the energy density of the core mass, and increase in the energy density of the volume over 10,000 km (>4,000 weeks@80 per cent) effectively solve the lithium technology problem of “performance balance” and provide a new direction for the solution of the kinetic batteries.
The Gep 2.0 platform will be upgraded to version 3.0. After many years of development, the Gep platform for new energy sources has now been updated to the second generation. 1) The first generation Gep platform will be representative of a wide-voltage gege3 product.
2) The second generation of the Gep platform has a 30-month development cycle, with a derivative model that covers ao-c class, continues from 300 to 700 km and is capable of autopilot support at the level of 1.3. Compared to the first generation of the platform's "oil switching" architecture, the Gep2.0 platform is based on a "cell plus power drive" with a three-in-one setup
An electric power-driven system, with a brand-new pure Electrification platform, optimized mainly in terms of space utilization, electricity consumption, performance, etc. The current Eian flag-loaded from the Gep 2.0 platform.
In addition, the company announcement discloses the new generation of smart car digital platforms built for cca to carry a whole-of-the-box smart car solution.
Figure 83: Hiro-Angelp 2.0 platform, Putaios and digo continue to optimize, Eian-Smart Network is progressing well, and Hiro-Aan has been working together with the tech giants in the field of intelligence. Since 2017, Hiro-Ayan and China have been working together.
On July 27, 2021, Hiromo Eyan announced that it would work with China to locate large suvs, and two other cars, mpv and high-end sedans, respectively.
On June 28, 2022, a wide-bang PPs 0s, developed on the basis of a stellar architecture, was launched by the industry as a cross-sectional standardized operating system for the entire vehicle. Puteos, including soa cross-domain service engines, high performance intermediate engines, car cloud mirror engines, and isomer execution of dispatch engines, will allow central computers, smart drivers to calculate.
Machines and information entertainment computers are organically integrated at the software level. Putios has the characteristics of efficient synergy (high-impact synergies across domains), very simple reuse (improved efficiency of software development) and harmonization of traffic clouds (synchronous connectivity of cloud data), which effectively enhances software compatibility and reuse and significantly enhances the efficiency of software development and makes software iterative.
From a month to a minute.
The system includes the Automated Driving System, the Aidego Smart Associated System, and will be rolling out future subsystems such as the Adigo Cloud Platform and the Adigo Big Data Platform.
Driving systems, federated systems are in one-size-fits-all connected ecosystems. Figure 85: Wide Air Group release adigo (intelligently connected) ecosystems. Figure 86: Wide Air Group Adigo System intelligent interactive experience
In April 2021, the company’s latest achievement in the field of smart networking was adigo 4.0 I.E.M. 1) In the context of the smart mass system, adigo 4.0 introduced a new generation of smart operating systems, g-os, developed autonomously by the Hizuru Group and Science and Technology Corporation.
(c) New movie patterns, rest patterns, spa models, storm patterns, games patterns, etc., providing multi-user meta-promotion switching; adigo 4.0 achieving a mass-production package for the country's first ar-hud; and a big data enabler.
Personalization, with the effect of a thousand cars and thousands of people, to provide the user with a “new sense, smart” scenario. 2) In automated driving systems, adigo 4.0 introduced the Nda pilot driving support system and hpa memory parking
The system, through 31 sensors of the entire vehicle, allows for a uni-way cruise, automatic re-routing, automatic overload, automatic up-and-down gates, medium- and long-range low-speed auto-drive and automatic parking, becoming the country's first conventional oem to produce a class 12.5 auto-drive.
On June 28, 2022, a completely newly upgraded technology day in the adigospace (intelligent cabin) and adigopilot (intelligent driving) communities focused on the core of their experiences.
1) Adigospace smartspace system is driven by specific applications and seeks to create "better understanding of users' intelligence and capabilities." The new generation of adigospace has achieved four major upgrades and leaps, including more natural voice power, more extreme sound experience, more sophisticated ecological content, and more intelligent landscape solutions.
95 per cent of the awakening function is covered with less than 0.6 seconds; car-mounted black glue music is introduced, with a new hearing experience of modern technology colliding with 100-year-old classics in the size of the cabin; head ecological content is introduced in entertainment functions, and brands such as joint tweaks, Himalayas, bells, etc., are well-heard.
A nice, fun, entertainment cabin; in addition, a brand-new smart scene solution, covering the travel scene, supports user-defined, user-specific travel experiences. 2) Adigopilot smart driving system is full of growth and continues to expand functions and scenes.
Adigopilot is equipped with 39 of the most advanced high performance sensors in the industry, including 3 smart variable focal solids, laser radars, 6 8 million pixel high-resolution cameras, infrared cameras at the top of the industry, eight major redundant systems leading the industry, high-performance computing platforms, ensuring high-level auxiliary driving, super parking,
Unmanned applications are three major applications, truly based on user experience, to build a human plane to travel all the way to the scene. >digopilot ' s advanced assistive driving, leading to the most fully functional and intelligent driving in the industry.
By navigational path, the power of automatic up-and-down ramps, auto-changes, auto-overcars, auto-avoidances, etc., now covers all highways throughout the country, as well as the fast track in the central city. Adigopilot super-buses, with the aim of addressing parking pain points, focus on achieving the “last kilometre”
\triangleright's smart driver. Supports more than 50 complex parking scenes, pre-empts the industry's cut-off position, supports not only a very small 15-cm space, but also full automatic parking of the corner spaces for users.
This is an extraordinary experience of "a call, a call, a call, a move." A new power is expected to continue to heat up sales, aions and aiony, and the amount of gas e-am sales is showing a good look.) Vertically, EA's sales growth is significant, and future steady monthly sales are expected to be positive.
For the remaining 11 months of the month, sales fell by 10,000, with 20,000 in March, May and June 2022.) Horizontally, Eyan was a new driver of autonomous brand-making, standing at the top of the championship every year. From April 2021 to June 2022, except for cars with slightly less sales than pelicans in November and December 2021.
13 months of E-A-A-A-E-A-E-A-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E. Figure 89: Bu-A-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E.
Figure 91: Monthly sales of the new power of autonomous branding (vehicles) aions and aiony are Eian branded priority vehicles. Aiaons/aiony/aionv/aionlx sold 6.9/3.4/1.6/10 million vehicles in 2021, 58 per 28 per cent (13 per cent), aions and aiony respectively
In June 2022, aions/y/v/lx delivered 8,903/11,801/3,002/403 vehicles, representing 37%-49%/12%/2% respectively, and aiony went beyond aions as the first major vehicle model of the Eian brand.
Figure 92: In 2021, aions upgraded to aionsplus and opened up the c-end market, changing the volume structure to aions product competitiveness. Aions is the first car for the Eian brand.
Early aions are mainly a b-end product, supported by Internet-based platforms, such as scaffolding, and taxi companies. Further split aions sales, which can be divided into original aions and upgraded aionsplus.
Aionsplus is an upgraded replacement model after the independent operation of the Eian brand, with a slight increase in the official guide price relative to the aions (US$ 1638-19.16 million) and was officially listed on 23 June 2021. Compared to the sales structure of aions and aion splus, aions are the typical tob model, and the rental/passenger sales ratio is close to seven.
On the other hand, 83% of Aionsplus sales were made by individual consumers and successfully converted to a toc model. We believe that the shift in the structure of aions sales was mainly due to the increased competitiveness of the car following the re-prioritization.
With 6,145 vehicles, and this mutually reinforcing relationship between aions and aionsplus, we can further deduce that the competitiveness of aionsplus products has resulted in a higher volume of sales than the original model.
For example, compared to the configuration of the parameters of aions and aionsplus and the competition, aionsplus is in the lead in terms of power performance, size of vehicle, and indicators such as mileage and 100 km of electricity consumption are no less favourable than those of a competitive car, while there is a greater price advantage, and the value is more pronounced in competitions of the same class.
The total monthly sales of aions and aionsplus are second only to the total monthly sales of Qinplusev, far more than the rest of the competing models. We expect that the sales of aionsplus will be more significant when they open the c end market, with a combined monthly sales of more than 8,000.
2) American + security + long-duration, where aiony is expected to maintain a hot market for the first vehicle after the Eian brand was independently operated, with a compact suv, the official guide price, and the latest technical results, which went on the market in June, August, November and April 2022.
Unlike the Aions, the front-loading model of the Eian brand, where aiony is directly at the end of the c market, the share of individual consumer sales was 87% in 2021, the highest of all Ean sales. Figure 98: Aiony, 2021 (classified by ownership)
Figure 99: Personal sales of the Eian brands in 2021 were higher than aiony’s targeting of young groups and female users, and the concept of skin design was advanced and overvalued, breaking the industry’s increasingly homogenous lookout, with a high degree of recognition and responsiveness to the individualized needs of the z generation.
Ann disclosed that aiony had ordered more than 400 vehicles for the period from the sale pre-sale on 29 March to the market on 19 April 2021, of which more than 50 per cent were scheduled for the post-95 generation and 45 per cent for women, while more than 60 per cent chose the aiony version.
Figure 101: Aiony produces a personal mix, lets go with a variety of accessories, aiony is good for the tide, and sales are fast. In autohouse hot contrasts, aiony gets first in a combination of prominent value for money and advantage. Aiony's sales have gone up fast since it was marketed, and it's on the market.
Six months ago, the sales went over 5,000, and one year on the market was close to 10,000, and in March 2022, the relay aions became the number one hot-selling model of the EA brand. In the short term, the sales of aiony are still growing rapidly, and it is expected that they will continue to climb in the future.
Figure 102: Automotive home hot spot-to-mouth car. Figure 103: Aiony monthly sales (car) over aions became the first major vehicle type, single top score.
Aiony geometry c aiony competes for fewer cars at the same level, with superior product and brand power.
Car-buying consumers take into account the beauty, utility, safety and benefits of cars, but demand for high-end brand values, smart configurations, etc. Horizontal contrasts are purely electric compact suv models, aiony is unique in shape design, leads in practical needs such as mile renewal, space comfort, etc., and rides through needle stab tests.
Box batteries are more likely to address consumer concerns about battery safety, and the average price is lower than the average price of a competing car, which is more pronounced. In May 2022, the sales aiony was 8,289, after metaplatev. In a large band of reliable brand endorsements, aiony is easier to gain consumer trust, both in terms of product and brand power.
With the wind up, it is estimated that the monthly sales of aiony will continue at over 10,000 vehicles and that 20,000 vehicles will be expected to break through during the maturity phase of the vehicle life cycle.
“Online + Underline”, “Car City + Business Super”, “Indirect Camp + Distribution” channel layouts, and the new wave E-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-
The four functional experiences of “life aesthetic space”, “Future travel services”, and “scenario car displays” can be used both to shape brand images, to counterbalance distributors and to reduce marketing costs using distribution models, and to quickly make market layouts to increase market share.
Figure 104: Hirogas Eian Camp Experience Centre. During the import phase of new energy vehicles, China ' s restricted cities include Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Hangzhou, Guiyang, Haiguchi due to regulations, consumption levels, subsidy policies, power replacement infrastructure, etc., in June of the year.
With the shift in the consumption of new energy vehicles from policy-driven to market-driven, the development of the product power and channels of the Volkswagen Eyan has increased, and its sales have gradually moved away from dependence on restricted cities, with the monthly sales of non-limited cities having reached 65 per cent in May 2022, in October 2021, and the monthly sales of non-limited cities have reached 65 per cent in May 2022.
By contrast, the sales of new energy vehicles in restricted and non-restricted cities also show a negative trend, with non-restrictive/restrictive city sales accounting for 18/82% in May 2022, while the corresponding sales of conventional energy vehicles were 11/89% in the same period.
The distribution structure is expected to sink further to more open-card cities, as its channel-system frameworks: "Online + Under Line", "Car City + Business Super", "Indirect Camp + Distribution" deepens.
Figure 107: Structure of monthly sales of new energy vehicles in the country: Figure 108: Structure of monthly sales of conventional energy vehicles in the country
Cars, suvs, and mpv have a lot of flowering, optimized marketing structure, early start of branding, and comprehensive layout of the car. The wide-breathing brand is the first autonomous brand of the wide-bang group, operated by the wide-bang fleet and car company, which was established in 2008 and now forms a rich matrix of model sales.
Year after year, the brand name spreads through the market in cars, suv and mpv, with a layout for mainstream, medium-end locator models, with a price range of between $100,000 and $350,000.
The number of leopard sales was 95,204/66, 397/48, 158/43, 772. In June 2022, the volume of bulk sales was 32,665, of which the top four types of gs4/gs8/m8 were 6,596/6,550/550,503/5,069.
Figure 109: Broad-air transmission of car-type matrix (as of June 2022) review of historical sales, excellent performance of suv and mpv, and car breakthroughs. 1) In the suv market, brand names have been built for blasted cars such as gs4 and gs8 and gs4 between 2016 and 2017
In the first quarter of 2022, gs8 held a steady 200,000-grade Chinese hybrid suv sales crown; 2) in the car market, under the intense influence of the joint brand siege and competition for autonomous brands, the circulation was somewhat inferior, but in 2021, after the leopards had been on the market, they were rapidly climbing up the slope and delivered 10,000 vehicles per month for six months. In late 2021, they were sold in large quantities.
The decline was mainly due to the shortage of supply of the system chip for the switch to the system in Eiffel dp-eps, and the recent upturn in the supply chain, with sales returning to over 5,000 per month; 3) at the mpv market, the roll-out of m6 and m8 was relatively successful, with m8-year-old autonomous mpv
The number of m6 and m8 in mpv retail sales in 2021 was more than 10 per cent. Figure 111: Monthly sales of leopard leopards (vehicles) reduce dependence on a single product and optimize distribution structures.
In the second half of 2021, the distribution structure was healthy as the suv-type gs4 and mpv-bossm6 and m8, the saloon slabs were clearly overstretched, and the sales structure was unbalanced, with a ratio of 50 per cent to 36 per cent in 2021 and a ratio of sales in the first half of 2022.
Sov/mpv/saloons are 51 per cent-31 per cent per 18 per cent, respectively. The distribution structure also shows a more balanced trend by type of vehicle, with combined sales of gs4, m6 and m8 in 2021 accounting for 64 per cent, while the share of sales in the first half of 2022 was reduced to 48 per cent, and the sales of the top five main vehicles were in the range of 12 to 17 per cent, with reduced reliance on single-car sales.
Sales remained stable under multiple adverse factors, and branding was strong. The average monthly retail sales of brand names in 2021 were about 26,000, and the average monthly retail sales in the first half of 2022 were about 23,000, a reduction of about 1,000 in the previous year compared to 2021, when the epidemic prevented a shortage of raw materials such as car sales and chips.
In terms of the main vehicle model, large single product gs4 sales have fallen or will be replaced by video-cools, and the leopards, re-designs gs8 and m8 and their re-models have entered the end of their life cycle, and the downwards are hard to block, with new items expected to be their replacements. 2) Shadows: the sports car-runners came to the market in June 2021, and then the sales quickly climbed the slope.
At the end of the year, the risk was enormous, the relay gs4 became the best-selling model, but sales fell since February 2022, as a result of spring holidays, chip supplies and outbreak disturbances, and the recent upturn in the epidemic and supply chain up to the level of the same period last year, which is expected to return to high sales.)gs8: Positioning high end medium suv in 2016
gs8 is on the market, with a new second-generation transfer introduced by the end of 2021. Before the 2021 change, the gs8 has entered the vehicle cycle. 4) m8: the advantage of high-end mpvm8 in the autonomous brand mpv is evident and is an important support for consolidating the basic drive for distribution. The new generation of m8 is expected to be on the market in the second half of 2022, and will carry this, developed in collaboration with Toyota.
The hybrid system is expected to make an incremental contribution. Figure 116: Monthly sales (car) of the branded car type, high-performance and high-pva sports car with explosive potential.
The first car in the series, with high end demand since the market, shows up and down the supply chain. The leopards have a comparative advantage in selling prices, fuel consumption, zero acceleration, body width, axle length, and appearance values compared to the main competing models. These advantages are also ultimately reflected in sales, and the leopards were released in May 2022.
It's just a little lower than the size of East Fung Honda's dream and the size of Chang An's car, uni-v. So we expect that, with the subsequent outbreak and the weakening of the supply chain, the company's ability to climb smoothly, the leopards will return to a monthly stockpile of over 10,000 dollars, which, according to the insurance policy, has been exhausted since their listing in June 2021, as of July 10, 2022.
60.3 million vehicles are delivered. Build the gpma platform architecture, incubate wave-mixing brands, and focus on a high-quality hybrid model, gpma (gacglobalplatformformulation), which is a broad-based vehicle development for major global automobile markets.
Modular platform architecture, covering cars, suv, mpv models, including Hev and phev versions. The gpma frame consists of two sub-platforms: r and l, with bright spots such as globalization, safety, comfort, low fuel consumption, mixing, rejuvenation, intellectual association, reliability and durability, and universalization.
1) Globalization and security: The gpma modular architecture was developed for major global markets, on the one hand, to meet the most stringent global safety and emissions standards, such as the iihs safety standards of the United States, the c-ncap, c-isi safety standards of the country, and, on the other hand, to accommodate the development needs of the left and right rudder and to meet the global challenge
Comfortableness: Mainly in the five-sense comfort cabins of vision, hearing, smell, tactile and experience, larger spaces, more quiet cars, more environmentally friendly seating materials, more comfortable chairs and better calibrated chassis, working to provide a full range of comfort.
3) Illustrative association: Adigo's latest research by the Institute of Space Research on the development of an interconnected ecosystem, a combination of smart factory species, autopilot systems, and an interconnected ecosystem with an associated system. 4) Low fuel consumption: reduction of vehicle load, reduction of wind resistance, improvement of heat management, electricity management, etc., through the development of a high-efficiency engine.
To further improve engine efficiency, the fuel consumption under the new structure is 20% lower than that of the previous generation. (5) Combination: in addition to traditional fuel power, the gpma structure expands the phev and hev mix and provides more options. For example, the new generation transmits gs4phev, which uses a mix of 1.5l Miller cycle engines.
Nedc's 100-km combined fuel consumption is only 4.6l. 6) Reliable durability: New vehicle quality in the new architecture is based on stringent quality standards, which are closed by experienced Japanese experts and by the Chief Quality Officer of the Quality Officer of the Quantico. In the meantime, the new car is completed by 16 days before the market.
Ten thousand kilometres of adaptive national road experiment, routed across 26 provinces and cities, significantly increased the reliability and disability of new vehicles.
A dual-mixed technology route, which is being developed on a self-researched gmc binary chaining and mixing systems and absorbing Toyota's state-of-the-art ths hybrid system, and an innovative break-through that allows a perfect combination of turbo-pressure motors and ths systems. The two systems, each of which is well equipped to offer different enjoyments to users, will be supported by the gmc and ths systems in the future.
Launching of hybrid models such as Leopard, m8. 1) Track I: Broad Gas 2.oatk engine plus second generation gmc machine coupling system. The technology route is moving towards self-researched gmc binary mixer systems, which, after multiple rotations, are becoming more capable and high-tech.
Quality, low fuel consumption, strong power, quieter, super-optimal five core advantages, with a strong expansion, covering oil and electricity mix, plug-in power mix, and even hydrogen power systems.
Over 95.5 per cent utilization; use of a full-speed, field-wide smart energy management strategy to adjust work patterns and energy flows Distribution of status leading to more fuel-efficient and smooth driving experiences, and use of high-efficiency refrigerants for direct power output, 24/7; integration of state-of-the-art technology, generation 2.oatk engine maximum heat efficiency
42.1%, providing more power and fuel economy. As a wave-mixing gmc2.0, first suv, and also as a wave-mixing succulent, it was officially launched on the day of the wave-mixing. In its overall design, the film-cool continued with the emk00 concept of car-types, the technical-industrial aesthetic design language, the confluence industry's precision and technological imagination, the technology, the front guard, the energy.
On the power side, in addition to carrying waves and using 2.0atk with high efficiency, the Atkinson engine +gmc 2.0 second generation electro-coupling system, in order to meet the multiplicity of user needs, the annual wide-breathing will officially be on the market with the mpv flag vehicle type of the big torque gmc, which is 100 km in full-time electro-relay miles.
The combined power of the system reached 270kw. Figure 122: Combine gmc 2.0, first suv, cool. Figure 123: gmc binary chain and comming system
(ii) Route II: Hirogas ' third generation 2.0tm engine + Toyota ' s fourth generation ths system. The technology's route absorbs the Toyota state of the art system and makes a breakthrough innovation to match the BH2tm engine to the Toyota ' s latest "ths" series in December 2021, with a zero-hundred acceleration of 6.9 seconds, and the fuel consumption in Nedc ' s condition is 5.8l/100km.
A tank of oil can run more than 2,000 km (limit test/temperature 10-25°c/ fetal pressure 2.8bar) with power and fuel consumption advantages in the same class of products. The entire second generation of the gs8 hybrid vehicle order continues to climb, reaching 60% in April, and the average monthly sales after the change is more than three times higher than before the change.
Figure 126: Analysis of the whole new second-generation gs8 power system, second-generation gs8 hybrid car-type power system, second-generation gs8 power and economics
2.0tm engine (wide-air autonomous R & D) 40.23% heat efficiency using techniques such as gccs combustion control, miller cycle +11.3cr, 350bar direct spraying, electric control double-stream tc, lp-egr, water cooling, iem, transformer oil pumps, etc.
Cylinder x process: 83mm x 92mm Axis: 2920mm Maximum net power: 140kw@4500-5,000rpm
General and hybrid, hybrid maximum net torque: 320 nm@1500-4000rpm thsii (from Toyota)
Pcu (from Toyota) integrated parallel deployment of high-speed, high-power-density binoculars with energy
Integrated boost-up voltage circuits, dcdc, low wear and tear, small size, etc. mg1/mg2/mgr controllers, etc.
Maximum working voltage: 650v Entered voltage: 288v Driver Peak Power: 134kw
Output voltage: 650v Driver peak torque: 270nm cooling method: water cooling
Highest speed of power drive: 17500 rpm Battery System (from Toyota) p4 post bridge electric power (from Toyota)
Nickel hydrogen batteries with wind cooling a rated voltage: 288v permagnetic synchroniser + deceleration unit integration
Battery capacity: 6.0ah Battery peak torque: 121nm Battery power: 1.73kwh
Highest electrical speed: 16,800 rpm 2022 HVAS updated the latest wave mixing results and released a wave mixing modular structure consisting of a large part of hybrid engines (e), mechanical coupling systems (m) and power cells (b), using platforms
, modular design, high compatibility, interoperability, resulting in a combination of four broad categories and n motion, with all hev, phev, and reev xev models. Four broad categories under a wave-mixed modular structure, including one-stop systems for economic applications, power-efficient power transfer systems, power-saving multi-block systems and efficiency
The efficient zero-hydro-hydro-mixing system is represented by a wave-hydrogen hybrid system that has a bright light on wide-carbon technology. The system is made up of hydrogen combustion engines and a wide-voltage coupling system, gmc, which consumes less than 0.84 kg of hydrogen per kilometer, while reducing carbon significantly.
In September 2021, the power of the hybrid technology guarantee system reached the true carbon neutrality of the vehicle fuel. A wide-blown first-line hydrogen engine using the straight-jet technology in the hydrogen cylinder was set on fire, operating beyond 12,000 hours, with a thermal efficiency of 44% and real “zero carbon emissions”.
Figure 128: Wide Steam Group Waves-hydrogen mixed systems Joint ventures: solar brands lead by accelerating the electrical transformation of the layouts Joint brands under the corporate umbrella include two large Japanese brands, Toyota and Honda.
By the end of 2021, both Hirotota and Hirotota had designed production capacity of 800,000 and 770,000 units per year, respectively, with actual capacity utilization in 2021 exceeding 100%. The first phase of the project for the expansion of Hiroshima Toyota ' s new energy vehicle was completed in July 2021, and the second phase is planned to be completed in 2022, when it will reach 1 million vehicles per year.
The new energy capacity expansion in Honda will be completed in 2024, with an additional 120,000 to 890,000 vehicles, with sales overviews: 828,000 in 2021 for Hiroshima, and 18.0/14.4/10.8/9.8/11/1 for the top five vehicles, respectively; and 18.0/14.981/11 million for Hiroshima.
For 78,000, the sales of the top five vehicles were 17.4/16.6/13.4/9.6/43,000, respectively. In June 2022, the total sales of Hiroshima Toyota were 101,000, an increase of 37.8 per cent; and the volume of Hiroshima was 74,000, an increase of 37.7 per cent.
The share of joint ventures has been eroded by new and autonomous sources of energy, with a more conservative strategy of electricizing solar brands with an absolute advantage. In a new energy wave, traditional joint brands have been hit by autonomous shocks, but they still have an advantage in traditional energy markets.
In January-May 2022, the autonomous brand market was 42%, an increase of 3 percentage points over the year 2021, while the joint brand market was 54%, a decrease of 3 percentage points over the same period. The main reason for this was the growth of its own brand in new energy markets, such as Biadey and the new forces, further stunning the leadership of the joint brand.
In May 2022, 51 per cent of new energy penetration was achieved by autonomous brands, compared with 6 per cent by joint brands, 86 per cent by autonomous brands and 13 per cent by joint brands, with 12 percentage points by the same year, and 28 per cent by the same month by traditional energy markets by joint brands and autonomous brands, respectively, with an increase of two hundred per cent.
In the joint ventures, the public and luxury brands were the fastest to change, and the solar brands were relatively backward. Horizontally, the top 10 joint-stock manufacturers made progress in electricization, with the highest penetration rate of the BMW in 2021.
In January-May of the year, BMW, Mercedes, and popular new energy vehicles were in the first echelons, with a clear increase in common usage, while the three major solar brands of new energy vehicles were still below 2%. The main reasons for the more conservative transformation of solar brands were their placement in deep cultivation and accumulation in the fields of oil and hydrogen energy, and their technical pathways to pure electric power.
Figure 134: Progress in the new energyization of the joint venture brand in 2021: Progress in the new energy conversion of the joint venture brand in January-May 2022
Car companies are at the forefront of oil- and electricity-mixing technologies, with solar brands almost monopolizing the country’s oil-mixed market. The top five vendors in January-May 2022 were joint solar-collateral firms, which together accounted for 94% of the market share.
There is still a clear advantage in brand power and value for money, the slow pace of solar electricization without changing the growth logic of the joint venture brand: while the penetration rate of new energy vehicles is increasing, in practice there is a sharper separation between the consumer groups of the vehicles, and the two types of vehicles do not constitute a direct competition in the short term.
Toyota and Honda have a strong brand in the traditional energy vehicle stock market and have a good reputation on the ground in China City, with a long-standing lead on the multi-value system. In May 2022, the combined 6 cars of Hiroshima and Toyota were ranked among the top of the third year ' s premium on vehicles at all levels of the joint venture brand.
Third, there is a high degree of recognition of the two major joint brands, which began with a drop in the per capita rate of gdp to 2% in 2020, and a low per capita rate of gdp to become the new norm.
In the case of Toyota, which is popular, for example, it has achieved a “value-for-money” rating of car homes in figure 138: Toyota Yarisl points out the cost of cars: in the context of high oil prices, the traditional energy-car-consuming population is more favoured than the fuel-economy model.
Against the backdrop of a relaxed global liquidity environment and the stress of supply in major oil-producing countries caused by geopolitical conflicts, domestic prices for finished oils were high, with a price of 92 and 95 # of gasoline exceeding 10,000 yuan per ton in March 2022. Oil prices were high, and more consumers looked at new energy sources or low-fueled vehicles.
With the accumulation of hybrid technology, the car types of Toyota Thunderling, Wilanda and Hida Hirati and Jia Shak are at the top of the list of fuel consumption in the car department. Speed up the deployment of the pure tram, and the gas bz4x and Honda e:np1 are expected to make a breakthrough.
Currently, the new energy track is increasingly competitive, with a huge development gap between the solar brand and the new energy brand on the head, but it has an advantage in branding, financial and technological strength, and is expected to accelerate the electric field 1) Product layout: Toyota plans to roll out 15 bevs globally by 2025, toyotabz
In November 2021, the Toyota Toyota bz4x, based on the e-tnga pure power platform, and the e-narchitecture pure power structure, based on e-narchitecture, were displayed in Guangzhou.
Bz4x has been suspended from the market due to chip supply, with a total of 5 configuration models of 500/560,610 km rerouting, with an estimated sale value of $22-30 million. Although the product strength of the two models is not entirely counterproductive for the time being, it is much better than the old ones.
2. Technological innovation: Toyota targets 2030. In research and development, through integrated vehicle and battery development, the target is to reduce the cost per vehicle to less than 50 per cent; higher performance and security needs in terms of supply
From September 2021 to 2030, about 1.5 trillion yen is expected to be invested in the improvement and development of the battery supply system, of which 1 trillion yen will be invested in new production lines. At a speed of 70 production lines for the ev, by 2030, annual capacity will rise to over 200 gwh, life.
Honda is planning to invest 8 trillion yen in research and development over the next 10 years, including electricity and software.
A total of about 5 trillion yen has been invested to speed up the electrical process; in battery procurement, the spring spring of the new generation of batteries will be accelerated and applied to the model launched after 2025; by 2030, 30 electric vehicles will be launched in the global market, producing more than 2 million vehicles annually.
Figure 144: Toyota's research and development in the area of vehicle-borne batteries is planned for the Toyota Battery Strategy by 2030 in order to provide vehicles at more favourable prices.
Promoting integrated research and development of vehicles and batteries, reducing costs, building flexible supply networks and production systems, and responding flexibly to growing battery demand
(c) Energy inputs for electric vehicles such as Universalizationev: on 25 July 2021, the first phase of the new Toyota energy capacity expansion project was officially launched in the Nansha district of Guangzhou City, with an expected release capacity of 200,000 vehicles per year, and a similar capacity of 200,000 vehicles per year for phase two, which is expected to result in the release of 200,000 vehicles per year;
On 21 June of this year, Hirogas Honda indicated that a new electric vehicle plant located in the development area of Guangjonghonda Guangzhou was under way and was scheduled to become operational in 2024, with an annual capacity of 120,000 vehicles with a total investment of $3.49 billion.
Figure 145: Toyota's new energy engine is available for 40 per cent of the new energy engine.
After childbirth, up to a maximum of 1 million vehicles/under the "145" plan of the Guanggroup, the company aims to achieve 3.5 million car sales by 2025, with an autonomous branding target of 1 million vehicles and a 50% share of new energy vehicles.
The second plant, which was built in February 2022, is expected to become operational in the fourth quarter of this year, when it will produce 400,000 vehicles per year. The first phase of the expansion of the new Toyota energy vehicle was completed in July 2021, and the second phase is planned to be completed in 2022, when it will reach 1 million vehicles per year.
The new energy capacity expansion in Honda will be completed in 2024, with an additional 120,000 to 890,000 vehicles. The company has not come to further refine and optimize its capacity in line with market demand, supporting the 14th Five-Year Plan objectives.
Sales grew by the same cagr in 2022-2024, with a projected mass gas e-mail sales of 10,000 vehicles and a total of 79/84/89,000 vehicles in 2022/2023/2024.) Single car profit assumptions:
Autonomy: EAAN upgrades, transmission structures are optimized, and the average price of a wide-voltage-owned bicycle is being explored. In 2022, aiony is expected to introduce 2022 plus models, with successive upgrades of vplus and sprus, which will be visible, zero hundred accelerations of 1.9 seconds, achieve brand upgrades, and build high-end suv vehicles for collaboration with China.
Type ah8 will reach the level of 1 4 autopilot, which is expected to be on the market by the end of 2023. The series of screens of the Leopard Leopard and the Shadow and Souls will be updated, m6 and m8 will be updated, and the sales structure will continue to be optimized. We expect joint ventures: the two-field core advantages will be solidly profitable, and the bicycle will be profitable or will increase steadily.
Aerobic Honda, relying on a well-developed car structure and strong product power, has contributed to a steady and sustained profit in recent years, moving towards a gradual electric transition, a pure electric vehicle is either a layout or will drive a new product upturn, and the main car, the Kamery, Yakaku and others still have a leading edge in the fuel and hybrid markets, and the net profit of the bicycle will be maintained.
Ten thousand dollars; Hiroshima Honda has made a profit of 1.00/103/10.5 million dollars. The company's own brand E-Ann market has grown rapidly, and the scale effect has gradually become apparent, but the cost of raw materials has remained high in 2022, and the car chip situation has not improved significantly, so in aggregate, we expect the company to be in a better position.
On the basis of the three scenarios of optimism, neutrality, pessimism, we have obtained the following profit predictions: 1) optimistic assumptions, taking into account the company’s business characteristics, we use relative valuations to estimate the company’s reasonable value range. Wide-bond autonomous brands contribute business income, joint brands contribute major profits, but Eyan brands focus on new talent.
In the source market, where brands are passed on to joint ventures for deep-farming fuel and hybrid markets, comparable companies with different brands and business counterparts are different, and the company is valued in relative terms using the divisional valuation method. 1) In the early days of the creation of the wide gas Eyan brand, the new energy vehicle model was developed for a pure power platform.
In the context of force, valuation methods and levels can be applied to new power companies such as pelicans, pelicans, idealists, which, because of their long-term and unprofitable nature, use the ps relative valuation method.
The first stage (7 July-11 August 2021) was the first to be marketed for 17-21 times, the second phase (11 August 2022), when the ideal vehicle was listed and the second stage (9 March 2022) took into account the differences between the level and the high end of the EAN model, and the fact that enterprises that were not listed were usually listed.
There are liquidity discounts in the first-level market, and we use the average of the floors of the rolling ps for phase III, and as sales and revenues continue to materialize, the growth valuation premium for the new power will decline marginally, and the ps estimate that the center of the value will gradually move down until it achieves a steady profit and becomes a pe-value logic, expected to be in EA in 2023.
2) Joint venture: Toyota and Toyota contributed to the company ' s steady and sustained profits, and Toyota and Honda are mature global automobile brands, so we used the pe valuation method to value Toyota and Honda, respectively, for Toyota and Honda ' s shares in the United States.
Multi-area fluctuations, with a target market value of 53.773 billion yuan for the year 2022 and a visual value of Honda Honda, figure 148: Toyota and Honda have a historical rolling market surplus (rolling for 12 months) and others: other operations such as branding, spare parts and commercial trading under the company ' s flag projected for the years 2022 and 2023
The company’s entire business consists of both self-owned brands, Eyan, and Toyota and Honda, which contribute to the return on investment, and is more similar to the business structure of the State-owned car company’s gas company and the Cheonan vehicle. In addition, the company’s own brand, Eyan, has opened the pure electricity market and spread it deep.
The market for farming is close to the Great Wall's and Biadi's development strategy. In sum, we treat Biadi, the Upper Steam Group, the Wall and the Chang An as comparable companies.
In view of the increase in raw material prices in 2022, we have slightly reduced the profit forecast, and in the light of the results of the relative valuation above, we have given the median to the 2023a wide gas group relative to the valuation, which we value on the basis of the different nature of the company's core business.
The ps relative valuation method refers to 70% of the “minimum” valuation level, and the pe relative valuation method is used for the Toyota and Honda of the Volcano to refer to the valuation level of their parent companies.
There may be deviations in the valuation of the “microlines”. Toyota and Toyota are old-fashioned domestic joint ventures, with a stable operating economy, but progress in electricization has been slow and has been hit in recent years by new domestic brands of energy vehicles, which are more under pressure than Toyota and Honda as a whole towards the global market.
Moreover, we have selected Biadi, the upper-gas group, the Great Wall and the Cheonan vehicles as comparable companies for comparison with their relative valuation indicators. Biadi's pure electricity and hybrids are in technological accumulation, size, and branding.
In terms of awareness, it is better than EAA and transmission, with batteries, semiconductors, etc. in addition to the whole of the car, while the Great Wall has a more comprehensive product matrix and a longer history of autonomous branding, so there is a risk of overestimation than the valuation of Yadi and the Wall. The upper band and the Cheonan are the four largest cars in the country.
One of the autogroups, which has a wealth of historical sediments and a larger market for vehicle-type matrices, may offer companies some value discounts. We predict brands based on recent increases in production and sales, the "14th Five-Four" plan and the production-capacity layout of the group.
Sales in 2022-2025 are projected for the period 2022-2025 on the basis of historical trends in vehicle averages and profitability, optimized model structure and high-end trends, and single-car revenue and vehicle profits per brand for the period 2022-2025, based on average historical cost rates.
The new energy vehicle market in which Eyan is located is still in its early stages of rapid growth, and market patterns and policy changes all have an impact on its end-market demand, while recurrent outbreaks and chip constraints can affect supply chains, production, and delivery.
In the context of high oil prices and the impact of new energy models, sales are likely to fall short of expectations. The newer brand model of the joint venture has a slow pace of rotation, flat prices, and profits.
The logic of a steady upscaling may be optimistic. According to the Circular on the Policy for the Application of Fiscal Subsidy for the Extension of New Energy Vehicles in 2022, the rate of new energy subsidies in 2022 fell 30 per cent from the 2021 level and the number of vehicles placed after 31 December 2022 ceased to exist.
The downside of state subsidies for new energy vehicles, and even the withdrawal from the sale of new energy vehicles, could result in an increase of up to and below the load of vehicles and a 50% tax on vehicle purchases. Six months after the provisional implementation of the car acquisition tax reduction policy, the sustainability of the future remains uncertain, and the elimination of the policy next year could have a negative impact on the volume of cars sold.
Under the downward pressure of the economy, car consumption incentives, such as the removal of cars, the lifting of restrictions on relocation, have been heavily publicized since May, and the timing of future policy exits have converged. The concentration of incentives may have had a negative impact on vehicle sales.
In the area of new energy vehicles, new power forces have hit each other, technology giants such as Apple, Hua-Dang and Mi are deeply involved, traditional road drivers are accelerating the electrical transition, market patterns are unstable, and Eyan is likely to face serious challenges.
In the area of fuel cars and hybrid vehicles, on the one hand, the market share of fuel cars is likely to shrink as a result of the power of smartness and, on the other hand, with the expiry of the solar car hybrid system patent, the rise of autonomous brands on a hybrid model that hits the leadership of both Toyota and Hiroshida.
The technology path for the future of new energy vehicles is not yet clear, Eyan has devoted much effort to research and development in the field of fast-loading and power switching, and, in order to take into account the replacement pattern, body and battery designs do not choose the technical direction of ctc and may lag behind firms that are determined to take the path of integration.
New forces, such as Yuttsla, “Smartline,” rely heavily on accumulation of data, and the gap is likely to widen in the future after missing the pre-optimal advantage. The dominant market view is that hybrid vehicles are the transition shape of new energy vehicles, but how big are the cities during the transition?
There is uncertainty in space, and it is still unknown whether hydrogen energy vehicles will become a mainstream form in the future. The focus of legends and joint venture brands is on hybrid vehicle-type research and development, wave-mixed layout hydrogen hybrid systems, and prior to future application the author has assured that the data used in the reports are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author