The wave mixer is ready, the gas Eyan growth can be expected, and the wave mixer is helping to spread the energy mix, and the gas Eyan product is showing good growth.
The Toyota ths hybrid system is technologically mature, with the highest rate in the domestic hev market in 2021, and the gas 2.0tm engine +ths hybrid system has been applied to the second-generation gs8 model.
Excellent, with a full-blown "first shot" from the wide-voltage transfer system; a full power platform of gep 2.0, a high-performance product and a rapid increase in sales; a deep technological reserve in the area of company power cells, a three-dollar cartridge, a breakthrough in the safety of lithium batteries, and the application of graphite carylene and silicon admode battery technology to aionv and aion, respectively.
The annual corporate revenues were 1048.97, 1378.21, 16,296 million yuan, the net profit of the mother was 98.96, 123.73, the Toyotaths hybrid system, which began the era of total mixing.
The sky order has broken over 20,000 vehicles and has grown rapidly after being placed on the market, with the potential to explode; the company insists on autonomous innovation, combining gmc2.0 with the Gmc 2.0 power coupling system of the 4th Generation of the Volcano, which is officially delineated to cover a wide-blown vehicle-type that is compatible with a variety of power requirements, such as mixing, plugging, etc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In 2021, EA’s capacity was more than 120%, capacity factors or constraints on the sale of part of the vehicle stock increased to 200,000 vehicles/years by the beginning of 2022, and the second plant’s postnatal capacity will rise to 400,000/year by the end of 2022, and as capacity bottlenecks gradually eased, EE’s capacity bottlenecks will be reduced.
1. Wide-bond group: Joint ventures + autonomous two-drives are working hand in hand, and the city’s share rate is rising steadily. The group was set up on 28 June 2005 as the country’s first large State-owned stock-holding automobile group to achieve a+h shares on the market. It was formerly the Guangzhou Automobile Group Limited, established in June 1997.
There is a wide range of activities, and joint ventures + autonomous two-drives go hand-in-hand. The Volkswagen Group insists on joint ventures and self-initiative development, covering the development of whole cars and spare parts, manufacturing, automobile trading services, automobile finance, etc., one of the most complete automobile groups in the domestic industrial chain, and the country’s first auto industry with insurance, insurance, insurance, etc.
A number of non-banking financial licences, such as discipline, automobile finance, finance, and finance leasing, form a more complete chain of automobiles. At present, the company’s entire business is dominated by a wide range of cars, a wide range of new energy sources, etc.
(d) The development of new energy sources independently in Hiroshima, Toyota, Mitsubishi, Hiro and Fiat Chrysler, among others.
In March 2022, the company announced that it would operate independently, and that it would be positioned as a high-end smart electric vehicle brand. In March 2022, the company announced the creation of a long-term incentive through equity incentives + employee ownership, while introducing a new energy source, which was created in 2017, and the brand, which developed independently in 2020.
There has been a steady increase in the sales of BG automobiles, with a rising municipal share, with company operating income/spent net profit cagr from 2012 to 2021 accounting for 21.7 per cent/23.1 per cent, while BG automobile sales were gradually optimized from 7.12 million in 2012 to 2021, and the cost of the third fee dropped from 18.2 per cent to 9.1 per cent, with management costs falling from 10.5 per cent.
The Toyota-ths hybrid system is in place, with the transmission of the era of full-scale commingling, when hybrid cars are powered by more than two power sources, and the current general hybrid vehicles are powered by an internal combustion engine plus a battery generator.
The structure of the power system can be divided into three types, i.e. a serial hybrid electric vehicle (shev), a combined hybrid electric vehicle (phev), and a hybrid hybrid electric vehicle (sphev). The key to mixed efficiency is the peak power storage units (pps), even during the vehicle's drive.
You can fill energy, you can release energy. The efficient workspace of the internal combustion engine is narrower, often confined to a narrow, medium-low-speed, medium-high-loaded area. The daily power needs of cars are much lower than the best, while the speed and load are much less efficient when they drive or climb.
When the engine's optimal working power is higher than the power required for road conditions, the excess power is stored in the battery by converting the power into power: when the power is lower than the power needed for road conditions, the power-driven power that the battery stores together with the engine drive the vehicle. With pps, the internal combustion engine can work in more cases at or near the best.
2.1. The fourth generation of the Toyota Thsii hybrid system is in place, with a strategy of hybridization of energy power Total domestic Hev vehicle sales in 2021 amounted to approximately 582,000 vehicles, or +133.8 per cent in the same year, and domestic Hev car sales in January-July 2022 amounted to approximately 453,000 vehicles, or +61.4 per cent in the same year.
In 2021, more than one Toyota was found to be a good car. The multi-toyota model was more competitive, and its sales levels were excellent, with a large number of Toyota's Raids, Camery, Willanda, and Handa.
With a mature fourth-generation thsii hybrid system, the Toyota hybrid model dominates the Hev market in the country. For the first time in the year, Toyota was launched as the world’s first large-scale hybrid of oil and electricity.
The power system began in the early generation of Prius and has now evolved to the fourth generation of ths-iv. This system is basically used in all Toyota hybrid cars. All hybrid models, including Toyota and Lexus, use this system, like Prius, ct 200h, etc.
Since the birth of the first generation of Toyota Prius in 1997, the Toyota hybrid model has grown considerably. In the period of thiss-i, the motor type of the system was concentrated on the first generation of Prius: in the period of thiss-ii, the system of thiss was successfully imported into such vehicles as Miranda, Lexus, Camerry, etc.; in the period of thiss-iv.
The number of cars carrying Toyotaths has increased further, with Asian dragons, Carola doubles, and Thunderbolts on board the fourth generation Toyota mixed-up-ths. On April 26, 2022, a wide-blowing fax officially released the brand of all the new hybrid technologies under the electrification strategy - the Wave.
Combination. The wave mixer has a two-mixing technology route, a 2.0tm engine that was developed autonomously by wide gas to match the high field oil and electricity mixed with the two-string power systemths, and a 2.0atk engine that was developed entirely autonomously by wide gas to match the gmc machine coupling system.
In the broader context of the two-carbon strategy, the BM & I strategy is clearly defined, with the goal of achieving a full-system car mix in 2025, with a combined sale of more than 60% in 2030. The second generation of Gs8 is the first-placed vehicle of the BM & I nuclear strategy.
In terms of fuel economy, the maximum thermal efficiency of the 2.0tm engine is 40.23%.
The platform mixes vehicles with a significant energy-saving advantage, with Nedc operating at a cost of 5.5l per cent of 100 km of fuel, with a range of more than 1,000 km, which is more than 30% higher than the fuel-based model of the vehicle. The flyer gs8 was launched on July 24th, 2021, and was marketed on December 12th, 2021, with a wide-breath 2.0tm engine plus the fourth generation of ths.
Figure 15: Toyota oil-mixed electric motors developed autonomously by wide gas will be combined with the Toyota oil-mixed and the Toyota fourth generation of toyota-ths-mixed systems, with an impressive spread of the gs8 product.
They chose the same type of hev-sized, large-voltaic, Toyota-type, Big City latte dht, Starfleet, Shadow as size and axle range, where gs8 is in the lead in the same class. gs8 is a medium-sized suv model, which is significantly larger than other competitors, even compared to the big suv-type, atmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere.
Steadyness is also one of the core selling points for gs8; in power systems, gs8 is the first Chinese brand model to carry the new fourth-generation enhanced version of the Tsii Toyota hybrid power system, with a maximum output capacity of 148kw (201ps), a maximum torque 320n m, and a pair of two-power four-drive systems.
On the whole, it is hoped that the Toyota Thsii system, which is integrated by the passing of gs8, with the advantages of excellence, distinctive appearances, open spaces, and clear market positioning, will continue to lead the Chinese and Japanese markets with a large, luxurious suv new icon, with orders breaking 20,000 in 18 days and half of them mixed, and we believe that the second generation will be the second generation.
gs8 has the potential for best-selling vehicles, and it is also sounding the "first shot" of a massed "broad-blowing" . The new generation of gs8 sales has grown rapidly, and the sales of double-storeys have risen to about 50%. According to the company, the cumulative sales of the popular gs8 sales in January-July were over 320,000 vehicles, an increase of 378.1% over June 2022
The binary version is about 50%. 2.2, adamantly self-inflicted, with a wave of gmc 2.0 officially offline. 6 July 2022, another hybrid system, gmc2.0, officially offline.
It's made up of a 2.0atk hybrid motor +gmc2.0 machine coupling system with a heat efficiency of 42.1%. The future two-electric chaining system is about to be mounted on two vehicles, the Shadow Leopard.gmc has a complete autonomous intellectual property design and design program, and the first integrated two-electric multi-block dht.
And continue to lead the development of domestic binocular chains and structures to break the patent and technological barriers of the international car giants. High-integration of binoculars and components such as electrical control, transmission speed transfer agencies, clutches, etc., gmc, through multi-block design, further optimizes actual engine workpoints and rational and efficient distribution of power to achieve pure electric power and increase.
In addition, gmc has taken the lead in using transformer technology in the country, expanding the efficient working area of the electrical system, promoting the miniaturization of power and batteries, and significantly reducing fuel consumption.
2.0atk motors use a number of advanced technologies, such as a wide-voltage gccs combustion control system, to significantly upgrade the engine performance. The system, through optimal control of the driver mode, can effectively co-match the power from the engine and the power supply, and then allocate the engine and the motor in accordance with operating conditions, while ensuring the efficient operation of the engine and the motor.
Reduction of running fuel consumption. Specifically, the 2.0atk+gmc hybrid system has the following advantages: (1) achievement of an ultra-high compression ratio of 15.6 with a maximum heat efficiency of 42.1%, combined with a 95.5% super-high engine heat utilization factor of gmc 2.0, nedc conditioned the consumption of 100 km of oil to 3.6l to reach the world.
The leading level is comparable to top brands such as Toyota and the general public. (2) Two-drive 0-50 km/h acceleration takes 2.9s; 0-100 km/h acceleration takes 7.3s. (3) Systems are well-compatible and cover a wide range of vehicle transfer models, phev, hev, etc.
3. Wide-gas E-A-A-V-V-V-V, with a steady expansion of production and power sales of 3.1, gep2.0, full-aluminium pure power proprietary platform, balancing control performance with passive vehicle safety, is one of the country’s first to launch a powered platform. Under the first-generation Gep platform, it was born.
The first is a new gas source listed in 2017 ge3, with a 310-km nedc complex, and a 47-kwhh lithium battery, with an energy density of 120wh/kg, with an extraordinary performance. The second-generation gep platform opens the "aion" era.
After that, it carried a 58.8kwh battery, with a combined range of 510 km in nedc, with a maximum power of 135kw, and a maximum torque of 300n m. The product of the second-generation Gep platform was completely upgraded in terms of continuity, performance, and intelligence. In 2020-2021, aiony, aionv, aionsplus were placed on the market.
The Gep2.0 platform is based on the Gep 2.0 platform. The cell + power drive is used as a central layout, resulting in a more even distribution of the axle loads and a simpler internal structure.
The greatest advantage is that the mechanical structure of a pure electric vehicle can be optimized to the maximum extent possible, and that the vehicle itself can be made more capable of continuing. By balancing its control performance with its passive safety, for example, aionlx used seven aluminium alloys with a thickness of 2.89 mm, with excellent performance.
In addition, including the chassis of the rear bumper, frame co-robe, wheel rack, front and back hangar, beam and body connection, the key parts are large-area aluminium alloys, and the hyper-sensitive and quantitative aluminium alloy chassis hangars have significantly enhanced vehicle control.
Figure 20: The Gep 2.0 platform focuses on vehicle passive safety, with a steady increase in sales in the 3.2, aionsplus, aiony series of products.
And the aionsplus, covering a price range of $10-$350,000. The Aions were listed in April 2019, the first compact electric sedan launched by Hiro Eian, with a maximum of 510 km for continuation; the aionlx and aionv were positioned as luxury superruns, respectively, up to over 600 km for continuation; and the aiony and aiony and aionv respectively.
Aionsplus, published in 2021, is positioned as a compact suv and a compact sedan, respectively.
24110 vehicles per month. According to the split, aions and aiony were the main vehicles sold, of which the aions series had kept sales above 5,000 per month since April 2020, and 10,000 per month in May 2022; and aiony had steadily increased monthly sales since it was marketed in April 2021, and 10,000 per month in June 2022.
Aions is one of the main sales models of Hiromoyan, built on the Gep 2.0 pure power platform, with a price range of $13.98-2058 million. Aionsplus is an upgraded model of the aions, and the price of the aionsplus model is slightly higher than the price of the aions.
Compared to the cost and configuration of the vehicle, the appearance of aionsplus has changed considerably with the appearance of aions, which is more advanced in overall shape, more mobile than aions, with a wind resistance factor of 0.211, slightly less than 0.23 for Teslamodel3 and 0.233 for Hanev.
Fae, aiasplus is equipped with a 14.6 inch suspended medium screen and carries adigo 4.0 smart-driving ecological system with a much more functional and intelligent DUI than the digo 2.5 smart driving support system installed by the aions. From a product point of view, we choose the same level of vehicle as the Yadi Qinplatev, geometrya, golf.
In terms of size and axle range, the Aionsplus series is in the lead in the same class. As a result of the design of the Gep 2.0 pure power platform, the aionsplus model has a clear advantage in the same class:
The aions and aionsplus axle range is 2750 mm, slightly lower than the shortly to be marketed p5 and is generally in charge of batteries and mileage, and the aionsplus series is in the lead in the same class of vehicles.
The high-end version of Adi Qinplusev and Peng Pap5 is similar, significantly higher than the other competing models; the nedc complex, with regard to the continuation mileage, can exceed 600 km for the Aionsplus version of the lithium battery, slightly more than the Adi Qin pusev, geometry a, peng P5 and is in the lead in the same class.
In terms of power performance, the aionsplus series is in the lead in the same class. Aionsplus is the biggest torque of 350 n m, higher than 310 n m in geometry a and p5 p. In terms of fast time, the aionsplus high is slightly longer than the same class.
With a three-dollar lithium version of battery capacity of 69.9kw h, with a fast charge time of 0.75h, the high-matching version of Biadi Qinplusev and Peng Pap5 with a battery capacity of slightly longer than the same size. We believe that aionsplus is a good product in the same class of vehicle, and has an excellent product strength in the size of the vehicle, axle range, axle range,
Accompanied by a variety of competitive advantages, such as mileage extension, power performance, or the market’s impression of the aions series, it is hoped that they will be best sold in the c-end market with a variety of advantages, such as appearance, interiors, power performance, etc. Aiony built on a GP 2.0 pure power platform, which was listed in April 2021, and sold on a monthly basis after listing.
The price range is $13.98-2058 million, and is set as a compact pure power suv. From the point of view of product strength, we have selected the same class of car, Pyg3, geometryc, couspro, East Fung Hondam-nv, as a series of competitions for aiony.
With regard to the size of the vehicle, the aiony model is compact; with regard to the axle range, aiony is in the lead in the same class. The aiony size is 4410*1870*1645mm. The overall size of the car is compact and is smaller than the other competing items. The axle range is 2750 mm, which is closer to which upro is, and higher than the other competing items.
The aiony series is in the lead in the same class of vehicles. Aiony provides two configurations of lithium phosphate and lithium trio, with a three-dollar lithium battery capacity of 76.8kw h in the high vehicle mix, which is significantly higher than that of other competing vehicles: nedc, the three-dollar lithium battery version continues.
The maximum mileage can be over 600 km, which is much higher than that of other competing cars, and according to the annual report of the Volkswagen Group, over 120 per cent of the year 2021's energy use of gas and energy expansion was high, and on eyelashes, on February 18, 2022, the second phase of the expansion of energy in the Guangva-Euan smart ecological plant was completed, reaching the year.
200,000 vehicles per year, double the average of 100,000 vehicles per year in 2021, while production efficiency was increased by 45%, custom-made and ready for production in December, when Eyan will have 400,000 vehicles per year. With the gradual reduction of capacity bottlenecks, the safety break in E-3.3, Trinity Lithium batteries in cartridges, and the application of graphite and silicon-neopolar battery technology.
On March 10, 2021, Hiro Eyan released a new generation of power cell safety technologies - box battery system security. The cartridge battery system is to place the battery in a safe chamber with a pseudo-barrel, and the "barrel battery" system has 4.
Core technologies: super-high thermal-resistible stabilizer cores, super-heat insulation cell safety pods, three-dimensional cooling systems, fifth-generation battery management systems, and cartridge battery technology can be applied in battery packages for both lithium phosphate and lithium tris. Wide-volt EAN cartridges have been severely challenged by needle-striped experiments, and three-dimensional lithium batteries have achieved a major breakthrough in their safety.
According to the Bum-Ann Weibo public, the wide-volt-Ean lithium cartridge battery was severely challenged by a needle-pointing experiment. The video shows that, after a steel-based needle-pointing, the package of triple lithium (the cartridge battery) was smoked after a minute but did not fire/exploit, with a maximum temperature of 686.7°C for the entire range and a battery voltage of 0v after static 48h.
The safety standard for power cells in the national motor vehicle safety requirements of gb3831-2020 is the first power cell technology in the industry that can't reach the fire test through a three-dollar lithium battery package needle, and also indicates a major breakthrough in the safety of the three-dollar lithium battery.
The new car aiony, which was listed in April 2021, is the first car in a cartridge battery. The graphite vinyl battery can be charged fast, with 80% of the eight minutes full, with a 2022 aionv model. The research and development of a wide-blown graphite battery started in 2014 and the super fast battery was completed in May 2020.
Test work. On January 15, 2021, the company released a three-dimensional structural graphite (3dg) super fast charge battery, which resulted in a reduction of the cost of graphite production by more than 90%, and an overall electron core that was slightly 5-8% higher than a normal battery. The company added graphite as an additive to the battery ' s positive and negative poles.
A fast charge capacity of 6c (general battery charger at around 1.3c-2c), combined with a super high output power charge of 600a and 1,000v, can charge 80% in eight minutes. The first graphite supercharger cell will be mounted on the aionv model and will be available in September 2021.
The fast charge time is only 10 minutes and the fast charge percentage is 80%. Netc continues up to 1,000 km, silicon negative electrode cells or electric cars enter the "Monthly Filling Age." Similar to graphite, silicon material has a significant advantage. Silicon materials can be of up to 4200mah/g in mass.
The 372mah/g of the carbon material commonly used in batteries is the material now known to be the most theoretically available in the negative material. The sponge silicon negative cell technology developed by the company allows a vehicle nedc to continue more than 1,000 km, reducing its volume by 20% at the same amount of electricity, by 14% in weight, and the core energy density by more than 280wh/kg, far exceeding rows.
160wh/kg average for industry. Figure 25: Graphylene batteries charge 80% for 8 minutes. Figure 26: Aoonlxplus 1,000-mile Cltc cruise break.
On January 5, 2022, aion lxplus was officially listed with a new car size of 4835*1935*1685mm with an axle range of 2920 mm, continuing the suspended roof of aionlx, double-coloured body, and hidden door handles, carrying three laser radars and sponges.
Silicon negative electrode batteries, which will last up to 1008 km, will become the world’s first full-time vehicle of 1,000 km, providing consumers with more options. 3.4. Together, tech giants are smart enough to work with China to develop pure electricity suv.
The company continues to work with China to deepen its strategic cooperation, and in the future the two sides will work together on a platform based on a wide-breath Gep 3.0 chassis platform to deliver large-scale smart pure power suv, with production planned for the end of 2023. In 2017, the two sides signed a strategic cooperation agreement to launch a strategic cooperation agreement in the field of smart networked electric motor vehicles and to accelerate the implementation of strategic cooperation projects to achieve multiple systems.
On July 9, 2021, the company announced that it would work with China to flatize the number of new-generation smart cars based on a wide gas gep 3.0 platform and a cca (computing and communicating structure)
In late 2023, the project, with a total investment of nearly RMB 800 million, was launched. In January, the Institute and Horizon entered into a strategic cooperation agreement to jointly release a 3-chips wide-breathing prototype.
In collaboration with hardware integration and chip adaptation, the in-depth learning network will be mounted on a wide-car model.
In 2017, the company signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation between the company and the company.
The two sides will work together in areas of business such as data analysis, smart car networking platforms, advertising, smart passenger services, smart sales robots, and marketing innovation. The two sides will combine their respective niche resources, build the technological framework and system standards and lines of the smart car networking platform, and upgrade their software development, voice cloud services, big data analysis and resource integration capabilities.
In December 2020, the two sides signed a strategic cooperation framework, which will provide intelligent driving, smart-car links, and efficient cooperation through complementary resources, technology, etc.
Examples of practices such as digital marketing, solutions for intelligent travel. Figure 30: Strategic cooperation agreements signed between the Broad Gas Group and the 100th Congress. Figure 29: Strategic cooperation agreements signed between the Wide Air Group and the C.S.S.
Full-car manufacturing: Wide-blown commingling continues to increase, and the single-month sales of Wide-Cain Eyan continue to rise. We expect the company to collect $757.66, 1074.43, $131,206 million for the year 2022-2024, less than expected in gross vehicle sales, less penetration of new energy vehicles, shortage of chips, etc.