China Sea Oil, Ocean Oil and Gas Lead Enterprise, High-Quality Developments, and International Oil Prices are expected to remain medium-high, the oil and gas industry continues to have a synoptic climate, and the company is our leader in marine oil and gas exploration and production.
Businesses, resource endowments, excellence, low-cost advantages, and steady performance. Companies are expected to increase their production capacity, and oil and gas production is expected to continue to increase, while promoting a sound low-carbon transition, with a better share of natural gas, wind and oil and gas offshore production, and marine oil and gas exploration leading companies. China’s sea oil is China’s largest producer of marine oil and gas, with national capital.
The company is the real controller of the oil and gas exploration, exploitation, production and sale, and is on the upper edge of the petrochemical industry chain. In the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved net oil and gas production of about 180.1 million barrels of oil equivalent, compared to a billion yuan, an increase of 14.1 per cent, and a net return to the mother of 39.719 billion yuan, an increase of 23.7 per cent.
At the demand end, the demand for oil in emerging economies will continue to grow, while, as the global economy develops, rising chemical consumption will be an important support for the growth of oil demand, which will grow or slow in the future, but there will still be scope for growth. At the supply end, opc+ pursues a strong production-restriction policy, with United States shale oil production growing or suffering.
At the end of the trade, the Russian-Turkish conflict has led to a re-engineering of global oil trade and a weakening of the stability of the inter-state crude oil supply chain. At the macro level, global economic growth has slowed, with the dollar index or high fall, and the oil and gas industry is expected to continue its high profile in 2024, either by international oil prices or at medium-high levels.
The ocean is an important successor to China ' s future exploration and production development of hydrocarbons. China ' s oil and gas prospecting rights in China ' s waters cover about 1.3 million square kilometres, representing 95% of the total prospecting rights in China ' s maritime area.
The company’s main cost of barrel oil fell to $28.83 per barrel in 2023, 5.1 per cent in the same year, and the company’s main cost of barrel oil fell to $27.59 per barrel in the first quarter of 2024, 2.2 per cent in the same year, and dd&a and operating costs were important directions in reducing the main cost of barrel oil, and companies insisted on a cost-effective increase in storage production.
Total market value (RMB million) extends cost control throughout the exploration, exploitation and production process and actively promotes technological and managerial innovation, with an average of 3 months ' worth of transactions (RMB million)
The low-carbon transformation is well advanced, and the oil and gas industry is integrated with new energy sources. Ocean oil and gas development is moving from shallow to deep sea.
China’s sea oil is a world leader in critical technology and equipment, and deep-water oil and gas exploration and development capabilities. Natural gas is an important product of low-carbon development, with 22,95 billion cubic feet of net natural gas production in the first quarter of 2024.
A model for the integration of marine oil and gas with new energy sources. With the deep integration of oil and gas production and new energy sources, companies can sustain a significant increase in their dynamic development.
Eligible for portfolio investment advisory business  Unexpected global economic growth, international political and economic changes and geopolitical conflicts may lead to unexpected risks, hsse risks, risks arising from fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas prices, market competitive risks, exchange rate risks.
Petroleum petrochemicals: oil and gas extraction, i. Internationally leading oil and gas e&p, China Ocean Oil Co. Ltd. (chinanationaloffshoreoilcorpation, cnooclicited), a short for China
Sea oil (subsidiary: 600938.sh), h in Chinese oil and oil (port crossing: 0883.hk), is China’s largest producer of oil and gas at sea, and one of the largest independent oil and gas exploration and production groups in the world. China’s oil and oil were established in August 1999 at the New Deal and the Toronto Exchange, and officially listed at a stock market in April 2022.
Figure 1. China’s history of sea oil development China’s main maritime oil and gas exploitation force. The company’s main business is oil and gas exploration, exploitation, production, and marketing, and is up the chain of petroleum petrochemical industries.
In the western, eastern and eastern parts of the South China Sea, as of the end of 2023, reserves and production in the domestic sea amounted to approximately 4,049 million barrels of oil equivalent and 1,277,000 barrels of oil equivalent/day, respectively, accounting for about 60% and 69% of the company ' s reserves and production respectively. The company ' s operations on land focused primarily on the exploration, exploitation and production of non-conventional natural gas resources on land, and, by the end of 2023, China ' s reserves and production on land were respectively.
In the new energy sector, the company is actively exploring new energy operations such as offshore wind power and ccus, the first offshore wind power project to be connected to electricity generation in September 2020.
Over the past 20 years, companies have continued to undertake overseas M&As, with assets spread across more than 20 countries and regions of the world, including the United States, Canada, Brazil, Guyana, and hold interests in several world-class hydrocarbon projects. According to the company’s annual report, offshore hydrocarbon assets accounted for about 44.6 per cent of the company’s total hydrocarbon assets by the end of 2023, and the company’s net confirmed reserves of about 40.3 per cent and net production of about 31.2 per cent were derived from the company’s net proven reserves and net production of about 31.2 per cent.
In August 1999, China Ocean Petroleum Group Ltd. (hereinafter “China Sea Oil”) reorganized its oil and gas assets to create Chinese sea oil in the form of a red reserve. As of the end of 2023, China’s sea oil equity structure had not changed significantly, the group’s parent.
The company China Ocean Oil Group indirectly held 60.49 per cent of China's sea oil shares, and the State Council's State Assets Supervisory Board contributed to the company's actual penetrating map of China's sea oil shares.
Jayjayjayjayjagjagjagyjayjayjayjayjay, which is not a trans-shipment trade business similar to sea oil imports and exports, oil accounts for nearly 90% of the revenue from oil sales. China oil concentrates on the exploration and exploitation of marine oil resources and non-conventional gas, oil oil and gas.
In 2023, the company’s share of oil and gas production was 8:2, close to Saudi Arabia (8.5:1.5), much higher than China’s oil (5:5), Exxon Meifu (6:4), bp (5:5), Shell (5:5), Chevron (5:5), China’s petrochemical (5.5:4.5) and other domestic and foreign oil and gas companies. Since 2015, oil sales have accounted for 80% of total oil and gas sales revenue.
above, oil sales accounted for 86 per cent of total oil and gas sales in 2023, and oil was the core product that affected the company’s performance.
The oil and gas production calculated in this report includes the share of our companies, subsidiaries and shareholders. Oil sales have continued to increase, and revenues from natural gas sales have steadily increased. In 2023, the company achieved $327,867 million in oil and gas sales revenue, an increase of 8.35 per cent compared with 8.35 per cent. Oil sales revenue fluctuates periodically with oil prices, but has been countered by steady growth in oil sales.
Volatility is increasing, with unique features of low-pressure resilience and peak leapfrogging. Global gas market volatility, 2016-2023, Figure 8. Oil sales revenue, sales prices and international oil prices (2015-2024q1) Figure 9. Gas sales revenue, sales prices and international gas prices (2015-2024q1)
Oil achieved average prices (right axis) wti (right axis) 1.3 good business performance, with a steady and sustained split-red policy
The total cost was 12,964 million yuan, representing a 9.13 per cent decrease in the same year; the management philosophy, based on efficiency gains, and the external environment in which oil prices rose, led to a period of 7.70 per cent of oil and gas production, with a total net company production of 180.1 million barrels of oil equivalent in the first quarter of 2024, while the increase in costs was far lower than the growth in corporate production of oil and gas, demonstrating good management efficiency and cost control.
During low oil prices (2015, 2017, and 2020), the volatility of the company’s oil prices at the left of 5% was an important factor affecting the company’s performance. Since China’s market entry of China’s sea oil stock in 1999, international oil prices have gone through four major booms and drops, and, as oil and gas producing firms, corporate net profit fluctuations have been consistent with the overall trend in international oil prices in 2022.
At a point, the company achieved a net return of $141.00 billion to its mother. By increasing production from storage, technological innovation, and improving management efficiency, the company significantly increased its resilience to the fall in oil prices. In the first quarter of 2024, despite the fact that the average price per barrel of international oil prices was about $20 lower than in the first quarter of 2022, the focus was on a bonus policy to safeguard shareholder earnings.
The average median value of the Hong Kong yuan against the renminbi, as announced by the People’s Bank of China the week before the annual shareholders’ meeting, is calculated. Chart 18. Shares per share in the company’s share to share in the red (2001-2023).
2.1 Four rounds of international oil prices have gone through four rounds of boom and drop since 2000. The first cycle was q1 from 2000 to 2009, the second cycle was q2 from 2009 to early 2016, the third round from mid-2016 to early 2020 and the second since q2 from 2020.
Figure 20. Trend in crude oil prices between Brent and Wti (2000-2024q1) The Asia-Pacific region accounts for the bulk of oil consumption. According to eia, world oil consumption in 2023 was 101 million barrels per day, with Asia and the Pacific, North America and Europe accounting for 36.85 per cent, 24.27 per cent and 14.12 per cent of total world oil consumption, respectively, with Asia and the Pacific accounting for the largest oil consumption.
Among them, China and India, the world’s second and third largest oil-consuming countries, contributed 15.78 per cent of total world consumption, and non-oecd countries, respectively, contributed to the increase in oil consumption. The oecd countries, based on their relatively mature energy structure, are continuing to reduce the share of fossil energy in primary consumption. According to eia, total oil consumption in the oecd country was 48.51 million barrels per day in 2000 and in 2022.
In the future, population growth and economic development in non-oecd countries will remain a strong driver of global oil demand growth.
Figure 23. Oecd and non-oecd countries ' oil demand (2000-2023) Figure 24. Oil demand (2000-2023)
Oil demand has still not peaked. With global energy restructuring, the share of oil in primary energy consumption has declined, but there is uncertainty about when global oil demand will peak in the future.
By 2045, it will peak at about 116 million barrels per day. We believe that the energy attributes of oil are more rigid, that demand for energy and oil in emerging economies will continue to grow, and that, as the global economy develops, rising consumption of chemicals will be an important support for the growth of oil demand, which will grow or slow in the future, but there is still room for growth.
On the supply side, the Americas, Oec, and Russia are at the forefront. The international oil supply structure remains relatively concentrated, with oil production in the Americas, Oec and Russia close to 80% of total global oil supply. In 2013, oil production in the Americas, Oec, Russia was 27.46 million barrels per day, 32.66 million barrels per day, 10.77 million barrels per day, or 30.08%, 35.77% and 11.79%, respectively, for a total of 27.46 million barrels per day.
70.88 million barrels per day, or 77.64 per cent; in 2023, oil production in the Americas, Opc, Russia was 37.66 million barrels per day, 32.17 million barrels per day, and 10.76 million barrels per day, totalling 80.58 million barrels per day, or a total of 79.14 per cent. Oec and Russia decreased production and the United States increased production.
Member countries announced that they would increase their voluntary reduction of production to 2.16 million barrels per day on the basis of the original 2 million barrels of production reduction, with a real reduction of 7.5% of prenatal production. Among these, Russia plans to reduce its combined oil production and export volume by 0.47 million barrels per day in the second quarter. For the Americas, production in the United States-led region continued to rise and market share increased.
Total oil and other liquid production in the region was 39.00 million barrels per day, an increase of 12.66 million barrels per day compared to January 2013, and 21.9 per cent per month, overall, as of December 2023, total global oil production had increased to 103.1 million barrels per day. We believe that the real increase in global oil production in 2024 was influenced by factors such as the persistence of geo-based conflicts and the continued increase in production of opc.
Figure 26. Oil supply patterns Figure 27. Global crude oil production Figure 28. Russian and Oec oil production
Figure 29. Oil production in the Americas and the United States share of the global production of OEC+ and the higher-than-expected availability of OEC+ crude oil reached 44.85 million barrels per day, close to the drop in prenatal levels in April 2020.
In October 2022, OPC+ launched a new round of production reductions. That month, OPC+ member countries reduced production by 2 million barrels per day, using August 2022; in April 2023, OPC+9 countries, including Saudi Arabia and Russia, announced an additional voluntary reduction of 1.6 million barrels per day; in November 2023, Gabon withdrew from the voluntary reduction scheme, while the other eight countries increased their voluntary reduction by an additional voluntary reduction based on their 2024 production plan
Production was up to 2 million barrels per day. By ia, between January and April 2024, five countries, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and others, had less than expected implementation of the reduction, with real international production of Opc+ being higher than the quota, with a difference of about 40 to 500,000 barrels per day.
Figure 30.opec+Regression point and content of the recent five-year reduction plan for shale oil production in the United States: rapid stock consumption, strategic oil reserves in the replenishment period. United States duc wells have been continuously and rapidly consumed since 2020.
The number of new wells has been consistently smaller than the number of completed wells, and stock stocks have not been replenished. As of October 2023, the number of duc wells had fallen to historical lows. According to eia statistics, in October 2023, the production of shale oil in the United States increased to 9,657.8 barrels per day, exceeding the pre-ceiling level, but the future potential for increased production of shale oil in the United States or encountered bottlenecks in the context of rapid stock consumption.
In addition, at the end of March 2022, the United States announced the release of 1 million barrels per day from the strategic reserve, starting in May.
Oil, for a period of six months, helped to lower oil and gas prices and counter inflation, releasing about 180 million barrels of strategic oil reserves. On 14 February 2023, the United States Government relaunched its dump plan, releasing an additional 26 million barrels from strategic oil reserves. In June 2023, the United States strategic oil reserves dropped to their lowest point since 1990, leaving only 340 million barrels.
Taken together, stock wells consume or contain the potential for future production of shale oil, while the demand for strategic oil replenishments in the United States is increasing, and we do not expect to have increased or slowed supply to the global oil market in the United States.
Figure 33. Number of oil wells in the United States
In 2022, upstream capital expenditure by Middle Eastern oil companies exceeded pre-epidemiological levels, while oil companies in other regions still fell well below their pre-epidemiological levels, with upstream capital spending in Europe even declining from year to year. Moreover, according to iia, oil and gas companies invested in new oil fields.
Annual global upstream capital expenditure is projected to increase by 7 per cent to $500 billion, but half of this growth will be offset by cost increases, resulting in an increased or relatively limited yield effect of higher upstream capital expenditure.
2.4 Global oil trade patterns are being reshaped as a result of the Russian-Turkish conflict, the EU has imposed multiple rounds of sanctions on Russia, and Russia has restricted more than 50% of its oil exports. Russia is a major participant in the global energy source market. In 2021, Russian crude oil and condensed oil production reached 10.5 million barrels per day, or 14 per cent of the world ' s total supply.
In June 2022, the European Union announced its sixth round of sanctions against Russia, which will gradually reduce 75% of Russian oil imports, and by the end of 2022.
In December 2022, the EU and the G-7 issued a price-limit on Russian oil exports, limiting Russian oil prices to less than $60 per barrel. Following the imposition of various sanctions on Russia by Western countries, Russian oil exports have been pressurized, and the pattern of world oil trade has changed markedly.
According to the data for the Americas and the Middle East, European countries imported 3.3 million barrels of oil from Russia in 2021, accounting for 45.8 per cent of total Russian oil exports in that year. In 2023, European countries reduced their imports of oil from Russia to an average of 600,000 barrels of oil per day, 2.7 million barrels per day, or 82 per cent, less than in 2021. In 2024, European countries continued to decline their imports of crude oil from Russia.
As of January 2024, European imports of Russian oil were 400,000 barrels per day, representing a decrease of 200,000 barrels per day, or 50%, from the 2023 average. European countries have significantly reduced their dependence on Russian crude oil imports, which according to iea, has declined from 34.8% to 9.9% before the outbreak of the conflict (January 2022). European countries have reduced their imports of Russian oil by about 25 pct.
In part, the export of crude oil from countries in the United States, Central and South America, the Middle East and West Africa has been financed mainly by the export of crude oil from those four regions to Europe, which grew by 26.3 million tons in 2022, 11.6 million tons, 17.2 million tons and 7.8 million tons, respectively, compared to 2021.
Figure 39. Import dependence of European countries on Russian crude oil to the Asia-Pacific region. In 2021, Russia ' s share of oil exports to Asia and Europe increased from 37 per cent to 49 per cent in 2022, while its share of crude oil exports to Europe decreased from 53 per cent.
To 44%. In February 2023, the EU further banned the import of Russian petroleum products by sea, leaving only 600,000 barrels per day of oil exports from Russia to the EU region in June 2023, accounting for only 8% of Russia ' s oil exports in that month; while Russia ' s share of oil squeezed out by the European market was largely absorbed by China and India, and the total volume of Russian oil exported to China and India in June was 3.7 million barrels per day, accounting for Russia ' s share of oil exports.
Ross exported 51% of oil that month, an increase of 27 pct over January 2022. By contrast, as of June 2023, the size of Russian oil imported into China had increased from 1.6 million barrels per day in February 2022 to 2.2 million barrels, an increase of 37.5%; Indian crude oil imports into the country had increased from 100,000 barrels per day in February 2022 to 1.5 million barrels per day, with a peak of 2.3 million barrels per day, a 22-fold increase.
The Russian-Turkish conflict led to the re-establishment of the global oil trade structure. After the outbreak of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, European countries imposed economic sanctions on Russia, Russia’s total oil exports to Europe declined rapidly, while the share of Russian oil exports from European markets shifted mainly to Asia, China and China registered limited growth in total oil imports from India and China by 2022, while the rise in total oil imports from Russia squeezed out parts of the United States and the United States.
Oil exports from Central and South America, Africa, and so on to China and India. The United States, Central and South America, and African oil, which were driven out of Asian markets, eventually went to European markets. Global oil trade flows changed dramatically. The Russian-Turkish conflict was either a lasting shock to the global energy trading system, the international oil supply chain was being reshaped, and international oil prices were volatile or increasing.
2.5 Macro level: The global economy recovered steadily in 2024, with a slowdown in growth momentum, a dollar index or a fall. The global economy recovered slowly from negative factors such as public health security events, the crisis in Ukraine, and showed resilience, but high interest rates and inflation led to weak demand, with downward pressure on demand probably greater than on production ends.
The global supply chain has been recovering, the world industrial production index has slowly recovered and the production situation has improved slightly; at the demand side, consumer confidence indices have been low as high interest rates and inflation persist and domestic demand growth has weakened. According to the Imf report, the global Gdp Figure 44. Global real growth rate and projections (2010-2028e) in 2023
Figure 45. Index of industrial production in the world and selected economies (2010-2023) The growth rate of advanced economies is expected to accelerate, and growth in emerging economies is expected to slow slightly. According to Imf, growth and interest rates in advanced economies are projected to slow, and the dollar index is expected to fall.
In a short period of time, owing to the risk of a rebound in inflation, interest rates may remain high, economic downward pressure may increase in the future, central bank policies may be adjusted, and the dollar index is expected to fall. International oil prices are subject to a combination of supply-demand, global economic macro-environment, monetary policy, and geopolitical conflicts, and in the short term, they are likely to fall.
The drop in production by the end of the cycle is more than anticipated, with the United States shale oil being constrained by such factors as increased production costs, rapid consumption of duc wells, space for increased production, and, at the same time, the current shortage of capital spending in the oil and gas sector, the overall slow rise in oil production and supply constraints will continue, while the demand for oil in emerging economies will continue to grow over the long term, while chemical consumption will rise as the global economy evolves.
To support the growth of oil demand, but with the restructuring of global energy, it will grow or slow in the future. At the macro level, the global economy is resilient, but the growth momentum is declining, and emerging economies will be an important engine of future global growth, while inflationary pressures are still in place in the major economies, but the downward trend is relatively certain, with tight monetary policies or gradual slowdowns or even shifts.
III. Sea-based oil and gas. Resource endowments. 3.1. Marine hydrocarbon resources are abundant and are still in the early stages of development. Energy security is of great importance, and the rate of self-sufficiency of hydrocarbons still needs to be raised.
Development of oil and gas exploration to promote increased production from reserves and increase the self-sufficiency of hydrocarbons; in 2021, the Ministry of Finance and others jointly issued an import tax policy for energy resource exploration and exploitation during the “14th Five” period, which proposed the strengthening of domestic hydrocarbon exploration and support for gas import benefits through tax incentives: energy work guidance 2021 and 2022 indicated the need to guarantee a stable supply of energy security, and government report on the work of 2022
In particular, energy security and food security are regarded as equally important, with higher requirements for the development of our energy sector.
The remaining available reserves account for about 34% and 52% of China’s remaining oil and gas technologies, respectively, and the ocean is an important successor to China’s future exploration and production development. In terms of production, marine oil and gas production has continued to grow, with the increase in marine crude oil from 2020 to 2022. The contribution to the increase in domestic crude oil production has expanded from 63% to 79% and 69% respectively.
According to statistics from China’s Sea Oil Exchange Note, by 2020 China’s marine oil and gas exploration was relatively low, with only 23% and 7% of its oil and gas resources. Overall, our marine oil and gas resources are vast, marine oil and gas exploration and development are still well under way, and future marine oil and gas reserves have high potential for production.
Figure 51. Our marine crude oil production and total domestic crude oil production
China’s sea oil is the most important oil and gas source in China’s maritime area, accounting for about 1.3 million square kilometres, representing 95% of the total prospecting rights and area in China’s maritime area, as well as a lower level of exploration in China’s maritime area than in other productive offshore exploration areas, such as the United States Gulf of Mexico, and the potential for the future discovery of new hydrocarbon resources.
By the end of 2023, the company ' s domestic oil and gas reserves had amounted to approximately 6.78 billion barrels of oil equivalent, of which the oil fields of the South China Sea produced heavy oil and the oil fields of the South China Sea produced light and medium oil, both of which were roughly the same. As the company ' s largest oil production base with the largest production volume, the oil and gas reserves of 1,968.4 million barrels of oil equivalent were identified, representing 48.62 per cent of the country ' s total reserves and 14.4 per cent in 2023.
Overseas operations are globalized, with the Americas as an important business point. Companies acquire the right to explore, develop, produce, and sell hydrocarbons, mainly by signing oil contracts with resource parties or directly obtaining permits from the competent sectors. China’s sea oil holds interests in several world-class oil and gas projects, and has evolved into a global oil and gas asset configuration, with upstream assets spread across more than 20 countries and regions around the world.
Including Indonesia, Australia, Nigeria, Iraq, Uganda, Argentina, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Guyana, Russia and the United Arab Emirates. By the end of 2023, the company ' s offshore oil and gas reserves totalled 2,353.6 million barrels of oil equivalent, of which Canada, South America, Asia (excluding China) were the main resource blocks, with net identified reserves amounting to 931.8, 776.0 and 264 million barrels, respectively.
Figure 53. Net oil and gas exploration area distribution of the company's oil and gas reserves
Deepwater, “New Zones, New Fields,” “High Temperature, High Pressure,” etc. have all made a breakthrough, laying a strong foundation for the company’s future sustainable development. In 2023, the company obtained nine new oil and gas discoveries, successfully evaluated 22 oil and gas-bearing structures, and achieved strategic breakthroughs in several areas of exploration. In China, successful evaluation of billion tons of oilfields, such as 26-6 and Kaipingnan, successfully found 2.730 billion tons of oil fields and gods on the island of Qin.
Deep-sea coal gas is 100 million tons of atmospheric land; overseas, the Guyana stabroek block has been found in the Lancetfish sector. In 2024, the South opened new areas for offshore exploration for ultra-deep oil and gas. Overseas, the Guyana stabroek block has been discovered in bluefin, and one step has been to expand the area ' s south-east storage.
3.4 Higher capital spending, higher output, continued steady increases in capital spending, and guaranteed a steady increase in production from higher reserves. The scale of exploration, exploitation and production expenditure in the upper ocean oil and gas directly affected changes in China ' s marine oil and gas reserves and production. Since 2016, corporate capital spending has increased rapidly, from 48.733 billion yuan.
The company achieved a continuous breakthrough in oil and gas production, driven by an increase in storage capacity. Net oil and gas production in 2023 amounted to about 678.0 million barrels of oil, 780 - 800 million barrels of oil and 810 - 830 million barrels of oil equivalent. Investments in exploration and development by the company gained momentum to set production targets and sustainable development. Figure 58. China ' s sea oil and gas production targets (2015 - 2026e)
In 2023, the company promoted productive capacity-building with efficiency, and several new projects, such as the 19-6 condensed gas field i start-up project and the Guyana Payara project, were successfully launched. More than 40 projects were under construction throughout the year. Priority project development was well under way and strongly supported future sustainable development.
This increase resulted in a 7.8 per cent increase in net output over the same period; the overseas region benefited from increases in production such as the Liza II phase in Guyana and the Buzios oil field in Brazil, resulting in net in-house production, including China ' s Middle 19-2 oil field development project, Deep Sea I phase II, Hyeju ' s 26-6 oil field development project and the God ' s capital deep-coalbed gas exploration and development demonstration project and the Brazilian mero3 project abroad.
3.5 Increased oil and gas production and an 8.7 per cent increase over the year of sustainable exploitation, with net oil production of 518.68 million barrels and natural gas production of 134.82 million barrels of oil equivalent, respectively, figure 60. China ' s oil and gas production in the sea (1997-2024q1)
Figure 61. China ' s oil production by sea (2011-2024q1) Figure 62. China ' s oil production by sea (2011-2024q1)
The equity method accounts for 4,049 million barrels, 2,354 million barrels, and 382 million barrels, respectively. The company’s incremental savings have been significant, and the company’s reserves have been further strengthened, laying a solid foundation for sustainable development.
4.1 Low-cost construction of core competitiveness and lower amortization, with the main cost of barrel oil at $27.59, a 2.2 per cent decline in the same year, is one of the core competitiveness of China ' s sea oils, which allows companies to maintain their industry ' s leading profitability.
Figure 65. Main cost of company barrel oil (2011-2024q1)joyjorgjorgjorgjorgjjjorg,g taxes other than taxes earned (left axis)
Sales management fee (left axis) Abandonment fee (left axis) Depreciation, depreciation and amortization (left axis)
Operating costs (left axis), barrel oil cost increases (right axis) 4.2dd&a and operating costs are key to controlling the main cost of barrel oil
The main cost of the barrel oil in China, consisting of operating costs, depreciation and amortization (dd&a), disposal fees, sales administration costs and taxes other than taxes received, was $28.83/b in 2023, of which 49 per cent was made up of the cost of decay, depreciation and amortization, and 26 per cent of the operating cost; in the first quarter of 2024, the company ' s main barrel cost was $27.59.
50% of this amount consists of depreciation, depreciation and amortization costs, 25% from operating costs, dd&a and operating costs are oil price fluctuations, grade of oil and gas field resources, exploration and mining techniques, and company development and extraction strategies will all have an impact on dd&a costs. Oil and gas assets in oil fields include exploration interests, mine wells and related facilities, and oil and gas assets are based on proven reserves (p1 reserves).
The reserves are depreciated by production method, public facilities constructed for specific hydrocarbon assets are depreciated by pd reserves, and other assets are depreciated by straight-line methods.
For domestic oil and gas fields, the main factors affecting dd&a drums can be divided into two categories, namely, capital expenditure, which includes the acquisition of rights and interests in mines.
The lower the difficulty of exploiting oil and gas resources, the higher the production of single wells, the lower the capital out of exploration wells and mining facilities needed to obtain a unit of production: the better the quality of exploration and mining facilities, the longer the amortization of equipment, the more efficient it will be, and thus the more efficient it will be.
In the case of offshore oil and gas field resources, oil price fluctuations can have an impact on dd&a of barrel oil. The oil contract model for some of the company's offshore oil fields is the technical services contract model, under which the company has a relatively stable level of cost recovery from oil field investments, and the lower the price of oil, the greater the amount of oil it receives, and therefore the volume of oil consumed from offshore oil and gas under this model is directly related to oil prices.
In 2023, the company dd&a barrel oil was $14.60 per barrel, a decline of 4.16 per cent from the same year, owing mainly to the expansion of reserves and changes in production structure. The company relied on intensive exploration work, increased rolling out-side work, enhanced oil storage research, increased production and a higher amortization base; and, at the same time, adjusted production structure, reduced production from oilfields with higher fuel and gas consumption costs and increased production from oil fields with lower fuel and gas consumption costs.
International oil prices and production are the main factors affecting operating costs. Operating costs are costs incurred in operating oil and gas wells, operating and maintaining related equipment facilities. Depending on whether production is relevant, fixed costs (e.g., marine personnel, helicopters, supply vessels, oil, maintenance, etc.) and variable costs (mainly oil and gas water treatment, oil well operations, rental costs, etc.) can be divided into, on the one hand, operations.
Costs are often directly related to oil prices, which can increase the material cost of the oil extraction chain by influencing commodity prices, while, on the other hand, increased production can help spread the operating costs of individual barrels of oil, and the company ' s operating costs control capacity continues to improve. In the first quarter of 2024, the company ' s barrel oil operation cost was $6.91, a decrease of 1.1 per cent in the same year.
This represents a 43.6 per cent decrease compared to 2013 and a sharp rise in oil prices since 2021, but the cost of company operations remains at the same level and costs and controls have increased significantly. In a horizontal comparison, the cost of company barrel oil operations is more competitive than that of other counterparts around the world, and figure 69. Company barrel oil costs are associated with oil prices (2011-2024q1)
Figure 70. Co-operative company barrel oil operation costs (2023) Janjanjanjanjanjanjanjanjanjanjanjan operation costs (left axis)
The average price of Brent crude oil (right axis) 4.3 Foreign Cooperation Monopolies and Tax Concessions Policy consolidates low-cost advantages, relying on exclusive rights in domestic cooperative maritime areas and avoiding exploration risks and investment costs.
Oil exploration, exploitation, production, and sale. After the signing of a contract for the sharing of products with a foreign partner, foreign partners generally assume 100% of the exploration risk and investment, act as exploration, development and production operators, and recover the cost of exploration only after commercial discovery and production begins. This helps the company reduce the costs of discovery, exploration risks and capital requirements in China’s maritime areas, and will continue to do so in the future.
In 2023, the company continued to embrace the win-win concept of cooperation, to innovate the external cooperation model and to expand the range of partners. At the same time, it adopted flexible and preferential commercial arrangements for deep-water areas, deep-sea exploration durations, area refunds, percentage of interest in signature fees and share, with a view to achieving greater foreign cooperation and increased foreign investment in exploration and exploitation of China ' s sea.
According to the China Ocean Energy Development Report 2023 issued by the China Sea Oil Group Energy Economics Research Institute, the company has launched eight foreign tender exploration blocks in the East and North South Seas, covering a total area of about 18.5 million square kilometres, about 8.6 per cent of the domestic exploration surface, including one block in the East Sea Basin, covering 4,000 square kilometres; and five blocks in the Jujiangguchi Basin, covering 13,000 square metres.
One block in the northern Gulf basin, 1077 km2 and one block in the south-east Jaun basin, 594 km2 are entitled to a resource tax credit. The tax on resources is calculated on the basis of sales of oil and gas, at a tax rate of 6%, and specific petroleum products and oil and gas fields may be subject to a reduction in conscription in accordance with the provisions of the law. In accordance with the Resource Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China, the company's mining of dense oil and deep-water oil and gas is in accordance with the rules on reduction.
The company’s core production area’s oilfields are dominated by dense oil, with a concentration of about 740 million tons of oil with a viscosity greater than 350 mPa st in 2022, with a utilization rate of only 12.2 per cent and a 40 per cent tax concession for intensive oil mining; the South Sea oil fields, with depth between 40 m and 1,500 m, meet the criteria for deep-water oil and gas fields at depths greater than 300 m, and enjoy a 30 per cent reduction in resource taxes.
According to the circular of the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Natural Resources, and the General Directorate of Taxation on the issuance of the "Intakes from Mining Rights" (No. [2023] 10), the yield of mining rights from concessions = the right to engage in prospecting + the right to collect mining from year to year. In this case, the right to engage in prospecting (the right to mining) is collected at the time of the concession.
Revenue sales – mining rights yield, oil, gas, shale gas, natural gas hydrate land concessions 0.8%, maritime mining concessions 0.6%, and coal-line mining concessions 0.3%. Companies have a lower yield on mining than oil and gas companies on land.
4.4 The transformation of technology results contributes to future drop-downs in the ai oil and gas industry.
Measuring that the fully automated offshore oil and gas platform of equinor was the first fully automated offshore oil and gas platform in the world, Oseberg-h, which requires only 1 to 2 maintenances and construction costs of only $790 million per year, with a cost balance down from $34 per barrel to less than $20 per barrel. The unmanned conversion of the North Sea platform by Confu oil, in collaboration with Microsoft, achieved long-distance real time at the Aberdeen command centre.
Silver securities smart technology cuts through the whole field of oil and gas extraction. As artificial intelligence and the oil and gas industry become more integrated, digital oil and gas are being upgraded to "intellectual."
Hydrocarbons. Geophysical data processing and interpretation techniques based on in-depth learning can improve the accuracy and efficiency of reservoir predictions; drilling equipment; continuous integration of software into informatization, big data, intelligent techniques that make “smart wells and smart drills” a reality; smart dessert techniques that increase the accuracy of non-conventional reservoir predictions; intelligent oil storage description techniques that can more accurately predict the characteristics of oil reservoirs; and generating artificial intelligence.
Intelligentization has cut across the whole field of oil and gas exploration and development technology, which promotes increased production of oil and gas reserves, lower efficiency gains, and safe production. Innovation drives development, and technological progress contributes to oil and gas extraction.
In 2023, the company advanced its innovation-driven strategy and continued the development of digital intelligence by investing $5,475 million in research and development throughout the year, an increase of 4.4 per cent compared to the 4.4 per cent increase in technologically soundness and a further decline in the natural decline in oilfields in the sea: and the promotion of innovative applications of dense oil-throwing technologies and sea-based oil.
At present, the company has established a complete production system for offshore oil and gas exploration and development, breaking the critical technology system of the 1,500-metre ultra-deep hydro oil and gas field development engineering model and making positive progress in key technical areas such as mid-level exploration, production of oil and gas fields to increase harvest rates, underwater production systems, smart oil fields, and unmanned platform construction, which provide a powerful force for the long-term development of offshore hydrocarbon operations.
China’s sea oils are firmly strengthening oil and gas exploration and energy integration, and China’s oil and gas exploration and new energy sources are expanding its efforts to promote new energy sources and low-carbon, negative carbon industries, and to accelerate the integration and complementarity of oil and gas upstream with new energy industries.
On the one hand, companies focus on the offshore oil and gas industry, promoting the efficient and high-quality development of deep-sea hydrocarbon resources through core technology closings and several intellectual transformations. On the other hand, they accelerate the development of the gas industry and continuously increase the share of natural gas production, while at the same time developing new energy operations in a sound and orderly manner and accelerating the development of the sea.
Wind power, promotion of land-based windlights, exploration of hydrogen-energy industries. 5.1. Marine oil and gas extraction from the shallow sea to the deep sea. Globally, deep-sea oil and gas exploration and development is under way. As agreed by the international oil community, areas in the sea that are more than 500 metres deep are called deep.
Hydrogen and gas fields: And areas more than 1,500 metres deep, known as ultra-deep oil and gas fields. As shallow hydrocarbon resources gradually become clear, deep-water hydrocarbon projects have become a core area of global oil and gas reserves growth. Between 2010 and 2022, 67 per cent of the 101 new large oil and gas fields were deep-water, and the share of deep-water and ultra-deep water in the global sea is higher than in most years.
Deepwater oil and gas exploration found low costs and high returns on investment. Deep water and ultra-deep water exploration results from a ratio of input output, but only a small portion of the exploration and exploitation resources. Deep and ultra-deep water contributed large amounts of oil in 2010-2022 and the bulk of the new exploration reserves. However, only the oil and gas exploration wells built in 2023 in the global deep water and super-deep water areas accounted for a small portion of the exploration and exploitation resources.
About 22 per cent of the total, and only about 35 per cent of the total, were invested in exploration and exploitation. In terms of single barrel discovery costs, for 2012-2021, the cost of discovery per barrel equivalent per barrel was $3.1 per barrel for the entire deep water of the ball, about 40 per cent below the cost of $5.1 for shallow sea oil and gas discovery and about 58 per cent below the cost of $7.5 for surface oil and gas discovery.
Figure 75. Number of marine oil and gas exploration wells globally (2010-2023e)
Rrystadenergy estimates that investments in deep water (501~1,500 metres deep) and hyper-deep water (over 1,500 metres deep) are projected to be $21.95 billion (28.2 per cent) in 2023, an increase of 344.4 per cent compared to the same year, owing to the fact that deep-sea development operations require better environmental adaptability, technical equipment and environmental compliance, and the opening of units for deep-water and ultra-deep water (over 500 metres deep) projects.
The average unit development cost difference between the deep, ultra-deep water project and the mid-water project was reduced from $16.33 to $6.75 per barrel between 2014 and 2022, and the average unit development cost for the deep, ultra-deep water project is expected to be low in 2023, according to rystadenergy.
As upstream investments tend to concentrate in deep water, engineering technology for deep-water hydrocarbon development will accelerate maturity and effectively push deep-water and ultra-deep water projects development costs will continue to decline. Figure 77. Global marine oil and gas approved unit development costs (2010-2023e)
Deepwater hydrocarbons have become an area of competition for international giant oil and gas companies. From the point of view of oil and gas exploration, rystadenergy estimates that between 2022 and 2025, six major international oil companies, ExxonMobil, bp, Shell, Snowvolone, Eni, Dadal Energy, will spend $27 billion on conventional hydrocarbon exploration, over 95% of which is spent at sea, while deep water accounts for total exploration expenditure.
87%. In terms of project construction, most of the major marine hydrocarbon projects are located in deep-water and ultra-deep-water areas. Of the 16 major new offshore offshore oil and gas projects in 2023, there were 10 deep-water and ultra-deep-water projects, 8 of which had 30-10 million barrels of oil equivalent, while only 2 of the 6 shallow-water projects had stocks in this region, with deep-water and ultra-deep water projects.
China’s sea oil is in possession of critical technical equipment, and the world is leading in deep-water oil and gas exploration and development. The company has acquired a series of offshore oil and gas construction equipment centred on “large-scale lift-up tubes” and “subsurface robots” and “3,000 m deep-water multifunctional ships” to form deep-water semi-submarine platforms, etc.
Far-reaching offshore wind power, underwater production systems, etc., represent critical technical capabilities for marine engineering. The company has the world's first deep water-laying tube capacity of 3,000 metres at the same time, a heavy lift capacity of 4,000 tons, and a power-positioned deep water-pit lift vessel with advanced world-wide power-propelled structures, pls and dp3, “Marine oil 201”, with 89,000 tons of cargo.
In October 2022, the first 300-metre deep-water catheter platform in Asia was launched, Sea Base One, marking the country's success in opening a new model of deep-water platform oil and gas. In May 2024, the company's first self-employed super-deep-water atmospheric field Deep-sea Air Field Deep-Sea-1 was launched for three years, and cumulatively producing gas super-natural gas.
By the end of June 2023, China ' s sea oil, the main developer of our deep-water oil and gas, had explored and exploited 12 deep-sea oil and gas fields, and in 2022, the company produced more than 12 million tons of oil and gas equivalent, making it an important force for ensuring the country ' s energy security.
Natural gas is a bridge and a key to the transformation of energy consumption structures, particularly in our carbon peaks (2021-2030), becoming a realistic option for energy security, energy structural transformation, and energy clean-up. First, natural nature.
Gas is a clean, low-carbon fossil energy source that generates less carbon emissions and less pollutants than oil and coal. Natural gas substitution coal occurs mainly in the electricity sector, while alternative oil is in the industrial fuel sector. Second, natural gas is an important guarantee of the safety of renewable energy supplies. Renewable energy development needs to be accompanied by a peak in conventional energy sources and a drive for energy security, while at this stage renewable energy sources are on a larger scale.
Natural-gas power generation is the best way to match wind power and photovoltaic power. Thus, natural gas is an important development target in the early stages of the energy transition, which has brought about a golden period of natural-gas development.
Globally, from 2000 to 2020, the share of natural gas in global energy consumption rose slowly, the share of oil declined significantly over the same period, and the share of coal declined after reaching its peak. With industrial and economic development, gas consumption grew rapidly, from 163.1 million cubic metres in 2013 to 390 million cubic metres in 2023.
The share of natural gas in our primary energy consumption has also increased from 4.0 per cent in 2010 to 8.4 per cent in 2022. Figure 80. China’s annual consumption of natural gas has increased steadily in comparison to that of the same year, overcoming its resource endowment disadvantages.
As of the end of 2021, the country ' s accumulated reserves of 17.05 trillion cubic metres of natural gas, of which 53 per cent were conventional, 32 per cent were shale gas, 11 per cent were shale gas, and 4 per cent were coal. In recent years, under the energy strategy to ensure a secure supply, our reserves have increased steadily and, as of the end of 2023, the country ' s natural gas reserves were surplus.
Technically available reserves of 6.7 trillion cubic metres, an increase of 1.7 per cent over the same period: natural gas production amounted to 23 billion cubic metres, an increase of about 4.5 per cent over the same year, with non-conventional natural gas production exceeding 96 billion cubic metres, or 43 per cent of total natural gas production; according towind statistics, import per capita levels fell from 45.9 per cent to 42.4 per cent between September 2021 and April 2024.
Figure 81. Domestic gas exploration reserves and new reserves Figure 82. Domestic gas production is growing rapidly and the company ' s natural gas reserves, production and production are rising in proportion to its share. China ' s oil and gas exploration deployments are constantly increasing naturality.
The company’s net reserves of natural gas are growing, rising from 673.1 billion cubic feet to 919 billion cubic feet since 2014, increasing the net reserves of domestic waters further at a faster rate since 2020, and three years of cagr solidly advancing the construction of exploration work in the 100 billion atmospheric zones on land. In line with the company’s development objectives, the share of natural gas in oil and gas equivalents in 2025 will rise.
To 30 per cent, gas and oil production will be halved by 2035. Figure 83. China ' s sea oil and gas reserves growth (2012-2023) Figure 84. China ' s sea oil and gas production
▪ Confirms that the reserves have been exploited to confirm that the reserves have not been exploited, and increases the exploitation of non-conventional gas exploration on land. On land in China, the company has intensified its exploitation of non-conventional natural gas exploration and has built three major production bases, the Gods, the Hing and the Pang River, on the coast of China and on the east edge of the Ordos basin, and has accumulated geological reserves of natural gas by the end of 2023.
Over 400 billion cubic metres. In 2023, the company ' s net proven natural gas reserves on land in China amounted to 79.991 billion cubic feet, an increase of 37 per cent. This represents 8.7 per cent of the company ' s net confirmed natural gas reserves. In 2023, the company discovered and successfully evaluated the deep coal-bed air fields in the Ordos basin, realizing the first 100 billion-degree deep-air gas discovery in China.
Xinjiang. In the future, the company will actively promote gas exploration for the dense gas and deep coal-bed gas, with the demonstration project for exploration and development of the deep coal-bed gas in 2024, and the demonstration project for exploration and development of the deep coal-bed gas in the capital.
In this case, the natural gas sales agreement is a long-term contract that includes a price review mechanism. Domestically, the company’s main users are state-owned enterprises in the south-east coast of China; overseas, the company’s north-west continental shelf project in Australia and the Indonesia East solidified liquefied natural gas project lang are sold mainly to multiple customers in the Asia-Pacific region.
Motion risks, which are expected to continue to grow as the company’s natural gas production is gradually released. Figure 86. Companies’ natural gas sales revenue compared to the same growth trend Figure 85. Companies’ natural gas sales prices compared with nymex’s natural gas
5.3 New sources of energy integrated with oil and gas production, and green transformations advanced in an orderly manner
China’s sea oils responded positively to the bicarbon strategy and explored the development of a new, differentiated, “sea-based” energy business. Between 2021 and 2025, the company will carry forward its offshore wind and power operations in a sound and orderly manner, optimising for land-based wind and smooth energy transformation, and gradually upgrading its new and renewable energy operations.
It was suggested that “China oil invested 5-10% of total investment in renewable energy during the `XIV' period. By 2050, China and China oil was targeted to generate at least 50% of its profits from new energy sources.” The global wind and power industry was expanding rapidly, and offshore wind power was the focus of future development. Wind power was especially clean, high-utility, flexible in assembly, etc.
Between 2012 and 2022, global wind installed capacity rose from 267gw to 899gw, increasing from 2% to 8% of global installed capacity. The wind power industry is still in the early stages of rapid expansion, with great potential for future development.
The share rose from 1.9 per cent in 2012 to 7.2 per cent, and the current level of offshore wind power development is relatively low, but with the expansion of wind resources on land becoming more abundant, the main growth point of global wind power is gradually shifting to the sea, and the future development of the wind power industry will be guided by the multiple advantages of resource abundance, good wind condition, efficient power generation, high electrical capacity and conservation of land resources.
Figure 87. Global wind capacity and growth by year (2012-2022) Figure 88. Global wind and solar capacity projections (2000-2050e) (gw)
Accumulated installed capacity: land-based wind power: global build-up capacity: offshore wind power: global offshore wind power capacity yoy (right axis)
China is the global leader of wind power, and the outlook for wind power at sea is wide. Our wind and power start is late, but it is growing rapidly and on a large scale, with wind and power levels exceeding the size of the United States in 2012 and Europe ' s combined capacity in 2019. In 2022, our wind and power installed capacity amounted to 365.96gw, or 40.7% of the global wind installed capacity, of which the offshore wind installed capacity is 30.46gw, or 48.6% of the global sea installed capacity.
While offshore wind power is less developed, it is efficient, less restrictive and less market penetration, and it will open up vast market prospects. On the one hand, our south-eastern coastal wind resources are better off than land, with offshore and far-reaching sea heights of 150 metres, offshore depths of 200 kilometres and water depths of less than 100 metres of offshore wind power technology at 2780gw, which is underutilized at this stage.
1.1 per cent of the potential for future development. On the other hand, our power load is concentrated in the eastern coastal region, but our energy resources are concentrated in the western and northern regions, where the offshore wind power is able to develop in tandem with the distant electricity and has a wide range of applications. The offshore wind power development has increased significantly in economic terms.
With electricity costs falling by almost 56%, the average electricity costs for offshore wind projects have been reduced to around 0.33 kWh, with full parity expected by the end of “145. According to the 14th Five-Year Renewable Energy Development Plan, the country will promote the development of tens of thousands of kW offshore wind power bases in Shandong, Long Triangle, Guannan, Kano East, Northern Bay, etc., as well as the development of a cluster of multi-million kWh priority projects.
In the context of the development of the base, the development of a far-reaching sea-based wind-pair price demonstration and a demonstration project on the offshore energy island. Figure 90: China ' s wind-power installed capacity (2018-2022) Figure 89: Global wind-power installed capacity structure (2012-2022)
China’s sea oils are based on the advantages of its maritime resources and engineering operations, and actively participate in the offshore wind power business. As the world’s leading offshore oil- and gas-producing operator, the company actively participated in the offshore wind power industry based on its rich marine engineering resources and its experience in production operations.
On 15 September 2020, the company announced that its first offshore wind power project had been connected to electricity generation. The company ' s offshore wind power operation was still in its state of operation, with five offshore wind power projects, including the Jiangsuzugen Sandhai, which had been launched as of the first quarter of 2024.
The Upwind Field, the Hainancz7 offshore wind power demonstration project and the 300,000 kilowatt offshore wind farm project in Shanghai Jinshan were used to supply the grid, while the main applications of the Punley oil field offshore wind demonstration project and the Sea Oil Constance were the offshore oil and gas fields. By 2025, the company sought to acquire offshore wind power resources of 5-10gw, installed with 1.5gw, and occupied an important share of the offshore wind track.
Figure 91. China's offshore wind and electricity projects in the sea oils Integration of wind and oil and gas production, reduction of carbon emissions and reduction of the mining cost threshold. On 22 March, the National Energy Agency released the Action Plan for Accelerated Hydrocarbon Exploration and Development with New Energy Integration (2023-2025), encouraging the development of oil and gas platforms through offshore wind and power.
On the one hand, lowering the economic threshold for offshore oil field development would be very beneficial for oil production. In oil field development, some small-scale oil fields are being operated after generators have been installed.
On the other hand, the traditional offshore oil fields generate inefficient, inefficient, and unstable power from their own sources. The Seawatch, our first sea-faring wind power platform, is a model for the integration of marine oil and gas with new energy sources, generating an average of 22 million kilowatt-hours per year, equivalent to 30,000 Chinese.
The annual electricity demand, which is used entirely for the production of electricity in oil fields, saves nearly 10 million cubic metres of natural gas per year, reduces carbon dioxide emissions by 22 million tons. Focusing on floating sea wind lanes, forward-looking sea winds.
The potential of wind energy resources is hidden in sea areas more than 40 metres deep in water, and as the dominant resources of land and near shallow sea wind power are developed close to saturation, the development of distant sea wind power resources will be an important point of growth for the future, both nationally and globally. Because fixed offshore wind power installations are difficult to build in deep seas, control of floating wind power technology will be a prerequisite for the development of deep seas. dnv predicts that the sea will float wind power in 2050.
The installed capacity will reach 250gw, and the annual output of electricity will account for 2% of the world's total energy output. The domestic floating sea wind track is in the early stages of development from 0 to 1, and the national 14th Five-Year Plan for Science, Technology and Innovation in the field of Energy states that the design and installation of wind survey technology will break through the deep sea, and a demonstration of super-power offshore wind unit engineering will be carried out in due course to develop floating winds in deep-water areas of the ocean.
The company, as one of the leading players in the floating sea wind track in the country, aims to master the far-reaching wind engineering technology over the next three years and by 2030, providing technical support for large-scale sea wind parity development, and taking the lead in deep-sea wind power.
Figure 92. Distribution of wind resources on land and at sea (70 m altitude) Figure 93. Distribution of wind potential off China’s coast, based on far-reaching sea wind power and integrated exploitation of marine resources.
Increased, in order to make more efficient use of marine resources, the company will focus on the development of “Maritime wind power plus offshore oil and gas”, “Marine wind power plus marine pasture”, “Marine wind power plus desalination” and the promotion of the integrated use of multiple energy sources, such as offshore wind hydrogen and hydrogen energy storage. Documents have been published in several of our provinces and cities to promote the integrated development of offshore wind machines using marine resources, and it is foreseeable that future offshore wind power will form a new industry.
The chain will also lead to the development of more new and emerging industries that will provide constant dynamism and energy to the revolution in new and clean energy sources. Figure 94. Document for the Integrated Marine Resources Development Initiative in the provinces and municipalities.
The "14th Five-Year Plan" in Jiangsu Province, with an additional 12.12 million kW in offshore wind power. "Renewable Energy Development in Zhejiang Province, “Exploring a New Model for the Development of a Maritime Wind Base”, consolidates the development of offshore wind power plus ocean energy plus hydrogen production plus oceans
A demonstration project on rangeland + land industrial bases. “Ten Supporting the Integrated Exploitation of Marine Resources” in Guangdong Province, which promotes the development of offshore wind and electricity projects combined with marine pastures, sea helium production, tourism, integrated marine testing sites, etc., with a view to building cumulative capacity of 1,800 installed units by the end of 2025
In October 2023, the company’s first land-based centralized photovoltaic power project, the Ganan Cooperation City “Raining Complementarity” project, generated electricity online, with a total installed capacity of 40 megawatts. Compared to the fire power project of the same size, the project will save up to 20,000 tons of coal per year.
In June 2023, China ' s first marine carbon dioxide storage demonstration project was successfully launched in the Nping 1 oil field, with the initial establishment of a system of marine carbon dioxide capture, injection, storage and monitoring technology and equipment to fill China ' s sea-sea carbon dioxide seal.
By 2025, according to the company ' s development goals, it is planned to acquire a surface wind resource of 5gw to produce 0.5-1.0gw. Assuming a continuation of the 1.opec+ reduction policy, a steady increase in global demand for crude oil, weak dollar indexes, and medium-high international oil prices (average) by 2025.
(b) Assuming that exploration and exploitation by the company has progressed steadily, oil and gas production has increased on schedule, reaching 715 million barrels of oil equivalent, 790 million barrels of oil equivalent and 820 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2024-2026, respectively;
Assumption 3. Technological advances in the hydrocarbon sector, further reductions in the cost of barrel oil production: Assuming that management efficiency is improved and management and sales rates are reasonably optimized, China ' s oil, China ' s petrochemicals, China ' s sea oils are representative energy companies in our petrochemical industry, and three enterprises have similar business structures.
The volume of business is comparable, with China ' s petrochemicals, China ' s oil oils being selected as comparable companies for China ' s sea oil. China ' s sea oil pb is currently higher than China ' s oil and China ' s petrochemicals. We believe that China ' s upstream oil exploration and exploitation industry is higher than the other two enterprises, based mainly on the current high international oil prices, and China ' s sea oil and gas production is increasing at a higher rate in the future.
The pb is still relatively low compared to coal companies such as China, Bore ore, and looks forward to the continuation of the high-profile oil and gas mining operations, as well as to the company's increased reserves.
The petrochemical sector is closely linked to macroeconomics, which can affect the supply of oil and gas and downstream demand, and corporate performance may be adversely affected if global economic growth falls short of expectations. International political and economic changes and geopolitical conflicts can pose unexpected risks.
The company’s hydrocarbon resources are spread across many countries and regions around the world, operating in countries where regime change, social unrest, other political economic or diplomatic policy changes, or management of companies’ operations, have a negative impact on existing assets.
Because of the geographical area, the diversity of operations and the technical complexity of the operation, there are potential health, safety, security, and environmental (hsse) risks in every aspect of the company’s day-to-day operations.
The volatility of oil and gas prices may have a substantial impact on the company’s operations, cash flow and earnings. The price of oil and gas is uncertain. If oil and gas prices are downward and continue for a long time, they may have a negative impact on the company’s operations, revenues and profits, while at the same time they may have a negative impact on the company’s profits.
The company may face competition from other counterparts, particularly the offshore oil and gas giants and local oil and gas companies in the oil fields, which may affect the company’s overseas operations.
Companies account for a relatively large share of overseas assets and production, and exchange rate fluctuations may have a direct impact on their overseas assets, costs, revenues and profits.