Three trillion-dollar atmospheric strategic plans are clear, gas support companies grow long-term, research companies quickly assess petroleum petrochemical oil and gas mining.
In the first quarter of 2024, China produced 2,295 billion cubic feet of sea oil and gas, an increase of 10.6 per cent in the same year, of which 17,3.7 billion cubic feet were produced in China, an increase of 10.9 per cent in the same year. According to the 14th Modern Energy System, gas consumption in 2025 will reach 420-46 billion cubic metres.
In the consumption structure, urban gas and industrial fuel are the main current demand, and in the course of future growth, gas generation and urban gas will contribute the main increase. 2) The company has developed a strategic plan for the three trillion atmospheric zones, with clear production paths: China ' s oil and gas supply centres were proposed in 2022.
The construction programme established three trillion-dollar strategic plans for the atmosphere, which guide the detection of the sea atmosphere, the sea atmosphere, and the oceanic atmosphere on land on land on the east side of the ocean on the east side of the ocean on the south side of the sea. The trillion-million-dollar atmosphere area of the South China Sea covers mainly the Ringo Sea Basin, the south-east Jaong Basin and the Juju River mouth basin of the South China Sea, the trillion-billion-year-old Chinese sea oil mining area of the sea on the south side of the Gulf Basin on the west side of the sea on the west side of the sea on the west side of the sea on the west side of the sea.
China’s oil strategic plan proposes the construction of a trillion-dollar atmosphere in the South China Sea by around 2025, a trillion-dollar atmosphere on land by around 2028, and a trillion-billion-dollar atmosphere in the Sea by around 2030. 3) The company’s downstream non-residents account for a high proportion of non-resident users and the gas is significantly higher than their counterparts’ prices: the gate price is at the core of our gas pricing system.
At present, the base price level of the door price has remained stable, but in the course of the transaction, the real price of the transaction can be higher or lower than the base price. As a result of the supply requirement, the general gas price has risen slightly, and the cost of gas used by the population is much lower than that of non-residents, and the difference is more than a dollar/m3.
China’s gas demand is expected to continue at a higher rate. In 2022, China’s gas demand was affected by the epidemic, with 363.8 billion views of natural gas, down 2.7 per cent from the same year.
For the first time in nearly 20 years, there has been a negative growth in gas demand. In 2023, the country experienced a recovery in gas consumption of about 390 billion cubic metres in the year, and the peak in gas consumption is projected to be around 700 billion cubic metres in 2040. China will be the main engine of the world's natural gas development.
Consumption amounted to 37.7 billion cubic metres, an increase of 22.3 billion cubic metres, an increase of 6.3 per cent, representing an increase of 14.6 billion cubic metres, or 68 per cent, in total gas use in towns and cities (inhabitants, utilities, transport, heating), an increase of 14.7 billion cubic metres, or 68 per cent, in comparison with the increase; 13.6 billion cubic metres, or 1.8 billion cubic metres, in industrial fuel use; 63.8 billion cubic metres, or an increase of 5.1 billion cubic metres, in natural gas power generation; and 30.2 billion cubic metres, or the same increase in chemical gas use.
This represents an increase of 900 million cubic metres. By 2025, the country's urban fuel sector is projected to develop in a balanced manner in terms of gas, heating and transportation; the industrial fuel sector has slowed down the gas growth rate as a result of the gradual end of the “coal gas conversion” policy; the demand for gas to power generation has risen and has been sustained at a faster pace; and the industrial fuel sector, “coal change” continues to drive demand growth.
Natural gas is used mainly in industrial kilns and industrial boilers and is widely used in the industries of metallurgy, ceramics, glass, food, paper and dyes. In glass, metal thermal treatment, ceramics and hot wind machines, natural gas is used as fuel with the advantage of heating speed, up to 800°C, high temperature, precision in temperature control, cleanliness, etc., which significantly improves product quality, yields, other fuel alternatives are poor, natural gas, etc.
In the area of boiler fuel, natural gas, fuel oil and coal are replaced, and in addition to the cost of fuel, the heat efficiency of various boilers can affect the economy of fuels, assuming that coal-fired boiler heat efficiency is 65 per cent, fuel boiler heat efficiency is 75 per cent, gas and fuel efficiency is 85 per cent.
On 20 February 2023, nine sectors, including the National Development and Reform Commission, jointly issued Guidance for the Integration of Energy Conservation, Carbon Reduction and Recovery of Products in the Focal Area, setting a target of 5 per cent increase in the average heat efficiency of industrial boilers by 2021 compared to 2025.
In the meantime, the gas conversion project will continue, and industrial fuels, as an important area of “coal conversion”, are expected to grow rapidly with policy support, especially in sectors where the cost of energy such as food processing and pharmaceuticals is low, and where it is easier to accept “coal conversion”. Natural gas as an industrial fuel is consumed at a faster rate, closely linked to the growth of gdp, the increase in value added in the secondary sector and the increase in electricity consumption across society, with the demand for and supply of international natural gas in the medium to long term.
In a gradual move towards easing, gas prices will decline, and the Chinese economy will recover steadily, with 153.3 billion cubic metres of industrial fuel gas consumed in 2022 and an estimated 170 billion cubic metres of industrial gas consumed in 2025.
As the tertiary sector accounts for an increasing share of the economy, rapid growth in the catering, tourism, accommodation, etc. will be a powerful boost to the commercial sector. The cost of gas is estimated at $3.00 per heating season, and the cost of heating per heating season is $3.600 per heating season with air conditioning.
About 10,000 kwh electricity is needed, and the cost of heating is $5,000 for electricity for residents at 0.5 kw/kwh; for heating with coal, about 4 tons of coal per heating season, 700 ton of coal, at a heating cost of $2,800. It is clear from the above comparison that heating with coal is the lowest price and natural gas is the most expensive for heating. But considering the cleanness and ease of heating with natural gas, and the government's subsidy to promote “coal conversion”, it is natural that the gas is the most expensive.
During the “14th Five-Year” period, residents will focus on the north-east, south-west and central regions. In 2022, the urban population was 536 million, with a gasification rate of 58%, the gas-emitting population is expected to increase to 600 million in 2025, and the urban population will use 40 billion cubic metres of gas; in 2022, urban heating
The area of natural gas heating is 2.3 billion square metres, with an estimated 2.6 billion square metres of natural gas heating in 2025 and 26 billion cubic metres of urban heating and an estimated 10 million and 1.5 million new households in 2022, and is expected to end in 2025 with the introduction of “coal gas” in rural areas, where annual gas consumption is estimated at 118 billion cubic metres.
The annual sales of ng heavy cards amounted to 152,000 vehicles, an increase of 307% compared to the previous year, with a penetration rate of 16.7% in heavy cards, and the current period of global gas supply and demand rebalancing, with ng prices gradually returning to rationality and facilitating the spread of ng heavy cards. The Programme of Action for Carbon Reaching the Peaks by 2030 states that heavy cargo vehicles with power, hydrogen fuel, and liquefied natural gas are to be promoted to replace conventional fuel vehicles.
Figure 6: Annual sales of the gas heavy card market (millions)
The mileage is calculated at 500 km. The retail price of 0# diesel is $7.8/L, the heating value is equivalent to 1.33l diesel per kilogram of lng, the unit cost is 4.5/kg and the diesel fuel consumption of 100 km is estimated at 32l. In the gasifier, lng converts to gas into engine combustion, which is more fully burned than the gas oil (mixed with c10-c22) liquid. The gas engine is therefore more heat-efficient than the diesel engine for ease of use.
It is estimated that this is consistent with heat efficiency. It is known that ng heavy-carbo heavy card fuel saves $708 per day under 500 km per day. At 300 days per year of heavy-card time and 8 years of full truck life, a combination of costs such as purchase, maintenance, fuel etc. can be found that ng heavy-cars are far more economical than diesel heavy cards under current fuel costs.
Based on current oil and gas prices, gas heavy cards are economically strong, together with such factors as the upgrading of national emission standards and regional environmental policies, and the long-term benefits of natural heavy gas heavy card development. Given the recovery in economic growth and the fall in prices of ng, gas heavy card holdings are expected to reach 800,000 in 2025 and ng heavy gas consumption 20 billion cubic metres.
Universal and cng vehicle holdings are declining, with gas requirements projected to be 8 billion cubic metres in 2025. Overall, gas consumption in the transport sector is estimated at 28 billion cubic metres in 2025. Electricity generation gas: in the context of low-carbon transition. Gas demand is expected to grow faster.
China has been growing steadily in recent years, but the proportion of installed and generated electricity remains low. By the end of 2023, China ' s gas generation capacity reached 12,562 kilowatts, with an average annual increase of 11.4 per cent over the last 10 years. Due to the low base, the total size of the gas installed was relatively low, accounting for only 4.3 per cent of the total installed, well below the world average (about 25 per cent), compared with over 40 per cent of the gas installed in the United States.
In terms of electricity generation, China’s natural gas generation has also been growing steadily, reaching 30,1.6 billion kilowatt-hours in 2023, increasing at an average rate of about 10.2% per year over the past decade, and maintaining the number of hours spent on electricity generation between 2,500 and 3,000 hours, but the share of gas generation in total electricity generation has started in countries such as Germany (27%) and Germany (13%). In terms of clean energy use and reduction of emissions, there is significant scope for future development in China’s natural gas generation.
Figure 9: Share of natural gas in electricity generation in major countries and regions. In recent years, our country has maintained its status as the world ' s largest consumer and producer of renewable resources. It is expected that in 2035, the ratio of wind and solar installed power will increase further, with a cumulative installed capacity of 20.7 x 10°kw and a 45% share in the power generation structure, but with new sources of energy
For example, wind power was only 90% in eastern Inner Mongolia in 2022, and photovoltaic power was only 80% in Tibet in 2022. To maintain the stability of the electricity system, a high proportion of renewable energy sources are connected to the grid with a certain proportion of the basic flexible power supply.
The most flexible power source is the advantage of efficiency, stability, speed, speed in the slopes, and high load capacity. The gas supply, network construction, electricity affordability, among other things, has led to a large number of gas-loading units in Guangdong, Jiangjing, and Kyung-jin, which account for about 80% of the country’s capacity.
The price of electricity is equal to, or slightly higher than, the price of the power plant, and the price of the gas and gas companies is running in a spin-down manner. The price of the electricity is gradually increasing in the area where the price of the electricity is implemented.
With the high price of gas falling, gas costs are expected to fall. As gas power is gradually reflected in its environmental, high-end and FM economic value, the market-based price of gas power is becoming more expensive.
According to the National Network Energy Research Institute Ltd., gas and electric power are expected to reach 220 million kW in 2030 and 300 million kW in 2060, and the overall trend in the growth of gas and electrical units can be divided into three stages of steady growth, increased capacity, and reduced capacity.
Access to infrastructure such as liquefied natural gas, more secure gas sources, and the ability of these wealthier provinces to subsidize gas and electricity generation, with the shift in energy structure to a low-carbon level, has led to a greater degree of certainty about the rapid growth of natural gas power generation. With the fall in international gas prices and the major breakthroughs in domestic gas turbine technology, the cost of gas generation will decline significantly, adding to the 14th Five-Year Power and natural gas market reforms to the ground.
In the area of chemicals, the restriction and prohibition of the expansion of the gas industry at the national level is still the main cause. In the area of chemicals, low growth in the use of gas is due to policy regulation.
But with the rapid growth of the hydrogen-energy industry, natural gas-hydrogen is expected to boost gas consumption in the chemical industry. The gas-hydrogen process now ranks first in the world in the hydrogen-based market.
According to the Chinese Coal Industry Association, China produced more than 25 million tons of hydrogen in 2020, of which 62% were produced by coal hydrogen, 19% by natural gas, 18% by industrial by-product hydrogen, and around 1% by electrolytic hydrogen. From current technological levels and energy prices, the cost of coal hydrogen is the lowest, while the cost of green hydrogen is the highest, taking into account the cost of carbon capture and purification.
The cost of hydrogen from natural gas is equal to that of coal. The technology of hydrogen from green electricity is difficult to break through over the next decade, and prices are difficult to counter-balance with those from natural gas, so that hydrogen from natural gas is an option for the future development of the hydrogen-energy industry, which will provide a powerful boost to natural-gas consumption.
For the first time in the national economic and social development plan for 2020, a national strategy for the development of the hydrogen energy industry was proposed, with an annual amount of 35 billion cubic metres of gas chemical use. China’s medium- and long-term gas consumption forecast: peaks in 2040.
There is a consensus that natural gas will continue to grow faster in the future. With gas demand sustaining faster growth, the company proposes a strategic layout of three trillion-dollar atmospheric zones, a clear path to increased natural gas production, and the advantages of clean low-carbon gas, which will play an important role in achieving China’s carbon peak, carbon neutrality, and targets.
Three trillion atmospheric zones refer to the South China Sea atmospheric region, the Pang Sea atmospheric area, and the land-based Okdong water atmospheric area, which have identified reserves amounting to 1 trillion cubic metres. The South China Sea trillion atmospheric area covers mainly the Songong Sea Basin, the South-East and Pearl River Basins, and the China Sea Oil and Minerals Region, which are located mainly in the Bay Basin Sea.
China’s sea oil is a non-conventional gas mine in the eastern edge of the Ordos basin and in the river basin. China’s sea has built a trillion atmosphere around the year, and the South China Sea has a total area of more than 3 million square kilometres, with two-thirds of our sovereignty, one of the largest marginal basins in the western Pacific Ocean.
Exploration and exploitation in the former South China Sea is mainly concentrated in the north of the South China Sea. For management purposes, the State has divided the South China Sea oil and gas fields into “West South China Sea oilfields” and “East South China Sea oilfields.” The South China Sea is rich in hydrocarbon resources and is one of the world's leading oil producing areas. In 2023, the company produced 1103 million feet per day of natural gas in the South China Sea, with a net confirmed reserve of 466.08 billion cubic feet.
Figure 13: Company natural gas production in the South China Sea in recent years (million cubic feet/day) Figure 14: In recent years, the company has confirmed a net change in reserves in the South China Sea (billion cubic feet) and in the North China Sea is the main power area on which China ' s sea oil and gas reserves have been increased. By the end of 2022, it had been produced in the Galo Sea, South-East Joong and Juju Jiangguchi.
According to the results of the China Sea Oil “13th Five” National Hydrocarbon Resources Assessment, the total amount of natural gas in the South China Sea is more than 8.5 trillion and is concentrated in the three main basins of the Pearl Jiangguchi, Junxio, and Ringo. Of these, the total amount of natural gas in the deep water (300 m) is 3.8 trillion, or 45%.
The main areas are located in the Pearl River Basin, where white clouds fall, and in the southeast Jaedong basin, where there is a tidal, tidal and long-coughing; and in the shallow areas, where natural gas resources amount to 4.7 trillion, or 55 per cent of the total, and are located mainly in the Ringo Sea Basin and the Pearl River mouth Basin, and in Huezhou. Taking into account such issues as the operational difficulties and exploration costs of the sea, it is expected that, at a 40 per cent detection rate, the remaining geological reserves in the north of the South China Sea will be more than 2 trillion, amounting to 100 billion.
The resource base of the atmosphere is expected to achieve the construction target of 100 million atmospheric areas in the South Sea in 2025. 73,000 square kilometres of the sea area of the oilfields in the Sea, of which some 43,000 square kilometres of mineable area, including 5 tectonic belts, 600 million tons of large oilfields, form four major oil-producing areas and eight production units, operating at depths of about 10 to 30 metres.
To 160.5 billion cubic feet. Figure 16: In recent years, companies have discovered a number of natural gas fields in the history of the Bay Basin, where the gas reserves of the sea are changing (one billion cubic feet).
Since the 13th Five-Year Plan, research and exploration in the deep field has been strengthened through deeper analysis of regional geologic patterns, which has led to a breakthrough in natural gas in deep-deep submersible mountains and ancient near-dry rock. China’s largest plastic condensed gas field in the east – 19-6 in the east, confirming the existence of mature, high-maturity natural gas resources, has revealed the existence of sea-deep mountain gas collars.
In early 2022, the bz26-6-2 well, which had been drilled in the south-west, tested for an average daily production of more than 270 tons and an average daily production of more than 320,000 tons of gas, further confirming the potential for exploration for condensed condensation gas and high-volatilization oil deposits. By the end of 2022, the region had reported the state ' s geological reserves of gas, which were 534.8 billion.
According to the results of China's “13th Five” National Assessment of Hydrocarbon Resources, the total amount of natural gas in China's sea area is approximately 2.9 trillion, mainly in the middle, in the middle and in the yellow river, and the total geological reserves are expected to be about 1.5 trillion if at the end of the 50% detection rate, the remaining geological reserves are expected to be detected.
More than 0.9 trillion people have a resource base to build a trillion atmospheres, and it is expected that the construction of 100 billion atmospheres will be achieved around 2030.