Deepwater, super-deep hydrocarbon resources are promising.
China's sea oil recently discovered several offshore hydrocarbon resources. On 25 February 2024, China's deep-sea oil and gas fields — the new oil and gas exploration geological reserves for the 26-6 oil fields in Hong Kong — exceeded 40 million cubic metres, and the cumulative geological exploration reserves exceeded 200 million cubic metres; on 8 March 2024, China's sea oil discovered in the South China Sea the one of the largest oil fields that our country has ever discovered autonomously in the deep water field; and on 18 March 2024, China, China, China,
(b) On 25 March 2024, Chinese sea oil drilled a high-yielding oil and gas well over 5,000 metres in the sea, testing nearly 1400 cubic metres of gas equivalent in Japanese production and creating a daily production record of our deep-sea oil and gas wells.
1) Low detection rates for marine oil and gas, particularly in the deep sea, have very high potential for exploitation: the current technology for oil and gas exploration on land is mature, higher detection levels are high, the scale of newly discovered oil and gas are decreasing, and the potential for exploration is lower and the potential for marine oil and gas resources is higher. As of 2017, the rates for oil and gas reserves on land were 36.72 per cent, 47.01 per cent, and for marine oil and gas reserves only 23.70 per cent and 30.55 per cent, respectively.
Gas exploration is in its early stages, and marine hydrocarbon development is the most realistic new area for oil and gas development. (2) The development of marine hydrocarbon development installations and technologies has led to declining costs, driving oil and gas mining from shallow to deep water, and rising marine oil and gas exploration expenditures, which will lead to a rapid increase in marine oil and gas reserves and production: deep-water consumption since 2010 for the ultra-deep water development phase.
With regard to oil and gas exploration expenditures, investment in the offshore oil and gas greenfield project in 2022, which reached $100 billion, is expected to continue at more than $100 billion in the future. With regard to marine oil and gas reserves, between 2011 and 2023, an average of 18 billion barrels of oil equivalent were found annually.
According to ia, production of deep-water crude oil is expected to increase from 6 million barrels per day in 2015 to 10 million barrels per day in 2040, while annual production of deep-water natural gas is expected to increase rapidly from 83 billion cubic metres in 2015 to 461 billion cubic metres in 2040. Marine oil and gas is a priority for increased production, and companies are the main producers of domestic oil and gas reserves.
In 2023, China produced 62.2 million tons of marine crude oil, adding about 3.6 million tons, accounting for more than 60 per cent of the national increase in crude oil production. At present, deep-water marine oil and gas exploration and exploitation is maturing. Deep offshore oil and gas resources, deep-water oil and gas resources, as well as sea-rich oil and low-permeability oil and gas resources, remain the main areas of production focus for our oil and gas reserves.
The prospects for deep-water, ultra-deep-water hydrocarbon resources are wide, and marine oil and gas, especially in the deep sea, are low and have very high potential for exploitation. Land-based oil and gas exploration techniques are now mature, oil and gas are high, new discoveries are smaller and marine oil and gas resources are low.
As of 2017, the detection rates for terrestrial oil and gas reserves were 36.72 per cent and 47.01 per cent, respectively, well above the marine oil and gas reserves of 23.70 per cent and 30.55 per cent. The detection rates for marine oil and gas were significantly reduced by the depth of the water, with shallow water (<400 metres), deep water (400-2000 metres), ultra-deep water (> 2,000 metres) showing 28.05 per cent, 13.84 per cent and 7.69 per cent, respectively; and for marine natural gas.
The detection rate has declined rapidly with depth. As marine oil and gas exploration is in its early stages, marine hydrocarbon exploration has become the most realistic new area for oil and gas development. Figure 2: Global gas technology availability and detection (2017) The development of marine hydrocarbon development installations and technologies has driven oil and gas extraction from shallow to deep water.
Para. (1) The shallow water development phase of 1917-1976, where marine oil and gas were first developed with wooden drilling platforms and artificial islands. As the steel industry developed, drilling devices such as bottom-based platforms, self-editation platforms, well-drilling vessels, semi-submarine drilling platforms and so on, were present, most of which were confined to shallow areas of 500 metres; (2) the deep-water development phase of 1977-2009, during which the rotation was directed to drilling wells, floating oil storage units,
In keeping with the development of towers, fourth-generation semi-submarine drilling platforms and stretching legs platforms, technical and equipment bases have been laid for the rapid development of deep-water oil and gas exploration; and (3) the development of deep-water column production platforms, fifth-generation semi-submersible drilling platforms, ocean drilling vessels, smart deep-water drilling platforms, etc., has been greatly facilitated by the development of equipment for the ultra-deep water development phase since 2010.
The cost of technological development has been declining, and economic upgrading is the bottom logic of the rapid development of marine oil and gas. For example, the speed of drilling wells, Brazil’s National Stone Oil Company, which drilled wells from 240 days in 2010 to 46 days in 2017, has fallen by more than 80%. Deep water oil and gas fields have been found to be in production, and production cycles have been gradually reduced, with global deep water oil and gas fields being put into production approximately seven years after exploration discovery in 1991-2000 and since 2011.
Deepwater oil and gas fields were found to have reduced the average life cycle to 3.6 years and ultra-deep oil and gas fields to 2.9 years. As a result of cost reductions and management optimization, the global deep water oil and gas project balanced oil prices from $78 per barrel in 2014 to $49 per barrel in 2021, a decline of 37 per cent. Most deep water projects balanced oil prices below $55 per barrel, some of the projects represented by Brazil balanced oil prices below $40 per barrel, and deep water projects achieved global oil and gas.
There has been a marked increase in competitive advantages in the field, and technological advances have contributed to the process of deep-water hydrocarbon exploration and development.Figure 5: Global expenditure on marine oil and gas exploration in 1991-2020, when different deep-water oil and gas fields were found to be operational, has continued to increase rapidly, leading to a rapid increase in marine oil and gas reserves and production.
In terms of expenditure, investment in the marine oil and gas greenfield project contracted rapidly in 2020 due to the effects of the epidemic, with the recovery of the epidemic and the marine oil and gas greenfield project rapidly increasing, with a breakthrough of $100 billion in 2022, and is expected to continue at a high level of over $100 billion over the next two years, reflecting the high sea oil and gas climate. With regard to marine oil and gas reserves, between 2000 and 2010 an average of 35 billion barrels of oil equivalent per year were found, with deep water finding accounting for the share of deep water.
30%, between 2011 and 2023, the annual average of 18 billion barrels of oil and gas were found, with the share of deep water found reaching 51%. The overall trend in global oil and gas exploration is that there are fewer and fewer, but more and more. With regard to marine oil and gas production, according to the data from the ocean, production of deep water crude oil is expected to increase from 6 million barrels/day in 2015 to 10 million barrels/day in 2040, while annual production of deep water gas is expected to increase from 2015 to 2015
83 billion cubic metres, rapidly increasing to 461 billion cubic metres in 2040. These statistics point to the sea, the deep sea, which will be the future oil industry.
The exploration of the Galore Sea and the Galore Sea, which, as of 1978, produced only about 90,000 tons of oil at sea, was the stage of actual exploitation of our marine oil industry. (2) Following the opening up of reforms, our marine oil industry began the path of external cooperation, which achieved a qualitative leap in terms of exploration, exploitation, production construction and management through the opening of blocks and cooperative development. By 1990, our maritime oil industry had made a qualitative leap.
The annual production of ocean oil has reached 1.26 million tons. (3) After a prior period of cooperation, our marine oil and gas industry has accumulated, and our marine oil industry has begun to experiment with a self-employment model. By the end of 1995, China had increased its oil production from 5 per cent to 25 per cent of the initial level of cooperation.
China’s marine oil industry, which announced 10 million tons of crude oil production, entered a deep-water era in the same year. The successful development of our marine oil and gas industry, which in recent years has seen a significant leap forward in the development of our flower and mausoleum deep-water oil and gas fields, is in the world’s forefront.
62.2 million tons, with additional production of about 3.6 million tons, or more than 60 per cent of the increase in crude oil production in the country; marine natural gas production of about 23.8 billion cubic metres, or about 15 per cent of the increase in natural gas production in the country; China ' s marine oil and gas resources account for one third of total domestic resources, with marine crude oil increasing by more than 80 per cent of the total increase in the country ' s total volume.
The development of sea-rich oil and low permeable hydrocarbon resources remains a priority for the country’s oil and gas reserves. The company’s oil and gas resources are so large that they persist in increasing production, and production is growing rapidly The company has a strong resource base and, as of the end of 2023, the net proven reserves of the company were approximately 6.78 billion barrels of oil equivalent (net accounting for the equity method).
The confirmed reserves of 380 million barrels of oil equivalent increased by 8.7 per cent in the same year, with a net domestic certified reserves of 4.05 billion barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 12.6 per cent in the same year. Figure 10: Global distribution of China ' s sea oil assets, Figure 14: China ' s sea oil net production and rate of increase
Corporate assets spread across more than 20 countries and regions of the world, including Indonesia, Australia, Nigeria, Iraq, Uganda, Argentina, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Guyana, Russia and the United Arab Emirates. Subregionally, net domestic production accounted for 69 per cent in 2023, while net overseas production accounted for 31 per cent. Net domestic production increased by 7.8 per cent in 27.78 million barrels of oil equivalent (467.8 million barrels of oil equivalent);
Net overseas production of 52.4 million barrels of oil equivalent/day (equivalent to 210.2 million barrels of oil equivalent) increased by 12.0 per cent from the same year. Six billion tons of oilfields have been acquired in the company’s country for six years under the guidance of the domestic strategy of increasing the production of oil and gas reserves. Companies have conducted oil and gas exploration, development and production in the Singhai, the western South China Sea, the eastern South China Sea and on land through self-employment and cooperation projects.
In 2019, the company studied the introduction of a seven-year plan of action to increase domestic oil and gas reserves: by 2025, the company would double its exploration workload and identify reserves. The company pursued its regional development strategy of “deepening the sea, developing the South Sea, promoting the East Sea, expanding the non-conventional and exploring the south-central” by highlighting “deep farming in the middle”
Production, promotion of new projects, breakthroughs in low margins, chemical drive-up, acceleration of deep water, development of coal-bed gas, assault on dense gas, break-through of shale gas, development of deployment ideas, enhancement of the previous research project, strengthening of the integrated system of exploration and development, and development of better integrated management systems, working models and working institutions.
In 2024, in particular, two billion tons of oil and gas fields were declared to be open for exploration, including 19.68, 8.62, 8.93, 1.93,
One hundred and thirty-three million barrels of oil equivalent. In terms of the increase in reserves, there were 247,-0.41, 211,-0.001, and 0.36 million barrels of land reserves, respectively. In terms of production, the company’s largest crude oil production areas were in 2023, the oil fields of the South China Sea and the South China Sea, the largest crude oil production base in the country.
At the end of 2023, the net proven reserves were 1968.4 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 14.37 per cent over the same period. In 2023, the total net output of the company was 599847 barrels per day, an increase of 7.55 per cent over the same period.
As a result of deep/ultra-deep exploration, the exploration of the trillion-dollar atmosphere in the Pang Sea has been advanced.Figure 19: China ' s sea oil confirmed the net reserves and the rate of increase in the Pang Sea.
In 1992, it experienced three peaks of stock growth. The first peaked from 1992 to 2005 and was largely a recent exploration period, with the discovery of more than 20 new large and medium-sized oilfields, such as the 17-2 oil fields, the 32-6 oil fields on the island of Qin, and the 10th Brigade oil fields. The second peak was for about 100-200km2, with single-well controls exceeding 7 million tons, with an average annual detection rate of 1.3 per cent.
During the 2006-2014 period, largely corresponding to the multilayered stubble exploration period, several billion tons of oilfields, such as 25-1 oil fields in Jinzhou, 9-1 oil fields in Penglai, and 10-1 oil fields in reclamation, were discovered, with approximately 50-100 km2 of area controlled per well well, with a single well-controlled reserve of about 4 million tons, with an average annual detection rate of 1.6 per cent, larger than during the first peak in growth, reflecting a further acceleration in stock growth. The third peak in stock growth, from 2015 to the present, is large.
The fineness of the exploration phase, with each well controlled area of <50km2 and a single well controlled reserve of about 3.93 million tons, with an average annual detection rate of 1.7 per cent, is higher than the second peak in growth. This suggests that, while exploration for the sea fields has become more difficult in recent years, reserves have continued to grow at a faster rate, with no signs of a slowdown, and stocks are expected to maintain a high growth trend in the future.
As of 2023, Pang Sea oil fields had reported natural gas reserves of more than 5 billion tons. The results of the 13th Five-Year Assessment of Hydrocarbon Resources showed that the total amount of resources in Pang Sea oil fields was about 14 billion tons, and that future exploration was mainly in the areas of submersible mountains, ancient nearlines, recent areas, and shale oil and gas.
100 million m3; exploration in the ancient near zone around the low-lying zone in the mid-western zone, the eastern part of the steep slope zone in the south-south stone, the south-west ring zone in the middle and the northern part of the yellow mouth in the steep slope zone, with a potential of about 410 million tons of crude oil and 30 billion m3 of natural gas; the new shallow zone around the clinker, with a resource potential of 200 million tons; and the non-conventional oil and gas sector focusing on the exploration of the Bay Bay of Lei silt oil, with a resource potential of 860 million tons.
The South China Sea is one of the world’s main oil-producing areas, with two thirds of our sovereignty. The South China Sea covers more than 3 million square kilometres, with two thirds of our main area and one of the largest marginal basins in the western Pacific Ocean. The company’s exploration and exploitation activities in the South China Sea are currently concentrated mainly in the North Sea. For ease of management, the country has divided the South China Sea oil and gas fields into “West South Sea Oil Fields” and “East South Sea Oil Fields.”
Our exploration for the South China Sea began in the 1980s and revealed a reserves of 15.2 billion tons of oil. The area of exploration for oil fields in the western South China Sea is nearly 50 square kilometres, mainly in cliff towns 13-1, east 1-1, South China Sea Wenchang 13-1, Wenchang 13-2, China 10-3.
At the end of 2023, the company's reserves in the western part of the South China Sea were 861.9 million barrels, an increase of -4.56 per cent. In 2023, the total net output in the western part of the South China Sea was 221573 barrels per day, an increase of 5.14 per cent.
In the future, the company will focus on deep-water deep-water exploration and deep-water hyper-light exploration, and so on, to make a solid contribution to the construction of a trillion-dollar atmospheric area in the South China Sea, with an area of approximately 258,000 square kilometres in the eastern South China Sea oil and gas fields and seven major oil and gas production areas, including 51 producing oil and gas fields and 42 production facilities, consisting mainly of fields such as 13-14, 22-1, 21-1, drift 11-1, and 24-3 in the West River.
Oil has been developed in cooperation with Amoco and Comage, the largest cooperative oil field in China today. The cumulative production of oil and gas has exceeded 350 million tons of oil equivalent since 1990, making it an important energy pillar in the Austa Bay region at the port of São Paulo. By the end of 2023, the reserves in the eastern part of the South China Sea had reached 892.6 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 30.94 per cent over the same period. The total net production in the eastern part of the South China Sea in 2023 was 37,522 barrels per day, an increase of 5.50 per cent over the same period.
The company has developed a number of deep-water, ultra-deep-deep-water oilfields, and deep-water oil and gas fields flourish in the South China Sea. The world's accepted definition of deep-water is: water from surface to seabed vertical depths of 500-1500 metres is known as deep water, and water depths of 1,500 metres are known as deep-deep water.
As a result of the theoretical breakthroughs in the key techniques for the excellent and rapid drilling of deep water, such as wells, wells and wall strengthening, a system of deep water exploration techniques has been developed that has made our country one of the few countries in the world to have deep water exploration operations. We now have three deep-water oil and gas fields in the country: deep-water fields in the Bay, deep-water fields and deep-water fields in the mausoleum.
The deep-water gas field in Jinhu Bay, which belongs to the eastern South China Sea oilfield, was developed in cooperation with the company and the Canadian Haskei Energy Corporation. The deep-water oil and gas field is China’s first real deep-water field, located 300 km south-east of the South China Sea, with an average depth of 1,500 metres, which was discovered in June 2006 to identify a storage capacity of 100-150 billion cubic metres. A mining project was launched in early 2009 with China’s sea oil and Haski Energy Corporation.
China’s sea oils hold 51% of the interest in the gas field, which will hold 49% of the share. The gas fields have been officially commercialized since April 24, 2014 and have opened the scene of the exploitation of our deep-water natural gas resources.
Underwater production systems in offshore oil and gas fields are among the highest in the world in terms of the difficulty and complexity of developing technologies. Since the launch of the first oil fields in September 2020, the 16-2 oil fields have experienced an exponential rise in production, with oil and gas production remaining above 11,000 tons of oil equivalent on a daily basis as of June 2023.
Right, the oil and gas layer, about 2,000 metres below the seabed, is an ultra-deep well. It was discovered in September 2014 and was our first home-grown deep-water field. The mausoleum 17-2 deep-water and gas fields had more than 100 billion geological reserves and produced 1516 tons of natural gas per day. On 25 June 2021, our first home-grown ultra-deep-water atmospheric field, Deep-sea I, was officially launched in the south-east mausoleum waters of Hainan Island.
Ocean oil exploration has entered the “ultra-deep water age.” The deep-water zone in the north of the South China Sea is still at an early stage of exploration, and prospects for oil and gas exploration are wide. The oil and gas found in the deep-water zone in the north of the South China Sea are mainly located in the south-east Jaong basin and the Pearl River mouth basin. Deep-water exploration is still at an early stage and has the potential to continue to discover hundreds of millions of cubic metres of gas-grade fields.
With regard to the Pearl River mouth basin, deep water areas include beads of white clouds in beads and cranes in the southern belt of beads, bays, ginning and titanium, most of the depths > 1500 m. According to the results of the national hydrocarbon resource dynamics assessment (2015), Ledong-Mall water in the south-east Jaun basin is dunked, Changchang dents, Songnam low convection and Pongnam-Pau island burrows are predominantly based on living natural gas, with a natural gas resource of 3.36 billion cubic metres.
• Characteristic analysis of conditions, resource potential and exploration effectiveness, with the following favourable exploration directions in the South-East Jonglei Basin: 1 Central Gorge, the mausoleum slope zone; 2 Reverse tectonic belts of the pine-poe Islands; the Pocahontas North slope fan; 3 Long-crowded ring-a closed belts (benthic fan); in the south-east Jonglei Basin: the deep water zone consists mainly of Ledong, Mahal, Pongnam, Pongzhou Island, Changchang, 6 Doughs and Pine and Pongnams in North Cay; and 2 Low Bumps in Mahnan
Based on the results of the National Assessment of Hydrocarbon Resource Dynamics (2015), the deep-water area of the Pearl River Basin has 462 million tons of crude oil trapped, 1.47 trillion cubic metres of natural gas resources, 464 million tons of crude oil trapped in the south, and 0.26 trillion cubic metres of natural gas resources. The natural gas resources lie mainly in the dents of white clouds trapped in the ridges, East Salon rises, Clouds rise low, and the dents of the south.
The beneficial exploration directions of the Pearl River basin are: one main deep-water fan, two main-lying, south-west staircase, and two deep-water fan in the south-west. The south-central sea has excellent geological conditions and great potential for oil and gas resource development. The South-central China Sea is home to 14 major developmental mothers, Van An, Brunei-Sabah, North Kong, China-South, Pen-South, Twin Peaks, South-Sarrow, Real, North-West Barayan, South-West Viton, South Vixie, Kush and Andobei, among others.
Sediment basins, with a total area of about 750,000 square kilometres. The South Central Sea is rich in hydrocarbon resources, with 1.16 million tons of petroleum geological resources and 26.3 trillion cubic metres of natural gas. The South South China Sea is mainly located in the Brunei-Sabah, Tsang and Van An basins, with the cumulative geological resources of the three basins accounting for 72.5% of the total.
While the main oil-bearing structures around the “Nine Line” are engaged in hydrocarbon exploration activities, a considerable number of which are within the “Nine Line” or are in disputed areas, these countries are mostly concentrated in shallow waters, with less drilling in deep waters than in wells, and still have greater exploration potential.
Seven oil and gas fields, such as Xiao, Lake Ping, Snow, Broken Bridge, and Outer Space. Spring oil and gas fields were built by China and China in four clusters of oil and gas fields, including Haru Xiao, Chai Snow, Broken Bridge, Outer Space. In 1995, it was discovered that production was officially launched and that oil and gas exploitation was currently affected by the territorial sea dispute with Japan.
Following the implementation of the first phase, the daily gas supply increased from 1.2 million cubic metres to 1.8 million cubic metres. By the end of 2018, 16 gas fields had been discovered in the East Sea, of which 4 were ultra-large gas fields with reserves greater than 100 trillion cubic metres, and the basin as a whole had a low level of exploration, with a forecast of millions of barrels, an increase of -0.67 per cent over the same period, and a combined net production of 31154 barrels per day in the East Sea in 2023, an increase of 61.19 per cent over the same period.
The company, while steadily promoting the production of conventional fuel and gas reserves, has been active in the development of non-conventional hydrocarbon resources, such as coal and gas, in the water basins and the eastern edges of the Ordos basin. The company has the technical capacity to explore and develop coal and incendiary gas, with a focus on high-level coal and gas exploration and the development of thin layers.
By the end of 2023, a total of 133.2 million barrels had been confirmed in the company’s land-based gas reserves, leading to the discovery of hydrocarbon resources by comparison with the company’s oil and gas exploration theory and technological advances. The oil and gas disparity in the saloon zone of activity, the deep water and gas production theory on the northern mainland of the South China Sea and the major innovations in China’s high-temperature, high-pressure gas storage theory in the west of the South China Sea led to China’s sea oil in the sea.
A series of major breakthroughs in oil and gas exploration have been made in deep water and high-temperature high-pressure systems in the north of the South China Sea. Meanwhile, as oil and gas exploration has gradually expanded to deep-water areas in recent years, based on innovations in the deep-deep mountain theory, it has led to the discovery of 19-6 large condensed gas fields.
The period-infested axials have broken the world ' s deep-water large-cany watercourses by limiting them to the idea of protuitive growth, leading to the discovery of gas fields such as 17-2, 25-1, 18-1 and the Central Gorge in the deep-water basin of the Jonglei basin, the continued optimization of mining techniques in the area of deep-water natural gas exploration in the sea, and the rapid increase in production of oil fields in the sea.
For example, since the 1990’s, China’s oil and sea oil has been upgraded three times in a series of “excellent wells,” which have been moved from sea to sea.
Technologies such as wells and sea bush wells have reduced the average drilling cycle from 57 days to less than 10 days, and the efficiency of drilling has increased six to seven times, creating a key bottleneck for the rapid development of the sea field. In addition, using the example of the “crow wells” to adjust production growth, the development of well networks in large and medium-sized offshore oil and gas fields has become a high-density and collision risk challenge, and research and development in the sea field has led to the development of integrated selection of the position of the sea-hull platform and the allocation of the maximum well pits.
Deepwater has been able to develop several deep-water oil fields by breaking through key technologies such as high-temperature, high-pressure drilling at sea, deep-water drilling and deep-water pipe operations. The company has been working on ground-level pressure forecasting, well-structured design, holster selection materials, well-drilling, solidation and drilling.
A series of technical clearance studies have been carried out in the form of well fluids, which, through field practice and optimization, have led to the development of a new system of drilling techniques applicable to the characteristics of the high-temperature and high-pressure surfaces of the basin. The objectives of high-temperature, high-pressure drilling in the area, low accident rates, and reasonable cost control have been achieved, and have played a key role in the discovery of 13-1 and 13-2 gas fields in the east of the Google Basin.
Cooperation has led to the formation of a relatively mature system of deep-water drilling techniques, including deep-water surface catheter installation, deep-water deep-water safe and efficient drilling techniques, deep-water deep drilling techniques, etc., breaking the technological monopoly in a few Western countries and successfully completing the development of the 17-2 mary field, which initially shows that companies have developed deep-water drilling technology systems and autonomous capabilities.
Figure 38: Chart of techniques for installing surface catheters for deep water jets: Chart 39: Technical maps for drilling wells without water-segregated tubes Rapid breakthroughs in our marine development equipment to support the direction of oil and gas resources towards deep blue. The exploitation of marine oil and gas is largely summarized as exploration, drilling, oil extraction, oil extraction.
At present, the main drilling platforms in the deep sea are semi-submarine drilling platforms and well-drilling vessels. A wide, wind-resistant and stable semi-submarine drilling platform will be the main drilling platform for oil and gas fields in areas over 100 m to thousands of metres of mid-water; fpso (sea floating oil storage and unloading unit) will become a transit point for oil and gas production and will gradually become a regionalization of large oil and gas fields.
In the area of deep-sea engineering equipment: we have developed and built the equipment for deep-water operations on a autonomous basis on the basis of “Marine oil 981” semi-submarine, “Marine oil 201” deep-water recovery and rehabilitation, the pipeline, the “Marine oil 708” deep-water exploration vessel, which is a 5-type 6-boat deep-water engineering vessel with a capacity to operate 3,000 m deep-water, rice, 137 m high, self-weighting 30.67 million tons, carrying 125,000 tons of “Marine oil 981” maximum operating depths of 3,000 metres and drilling well depths.
10000 meters. China's own design and construction in September 2021 of the first global smart deep water drilling platform, Deep Blue Exploration, opened in the South China Sea Pearl River Basin. The platform's maximum operational depth was 1,000 m, its maximum drilling depth was 9144 m, and it was built into a traditional mooring rig and a modern power positioning platform with performance advantages to deal with adverse sea conditions and super-high typhoon threats, adapting to global sea operations, particularly for oil and gas exploration in the South China Sea.
With regard to production platforms: In June 2021, the Deep Sea I energy station was officially launched, the world's first deep-water semi-submarine production platform, with concrete condensed oil and oil and gas processing, off-oil transmission, and an all-sea development model, with a semi-submarine production platform plus underwater production units plus submarine tubes, marked significant progress in the development of deep-sea oil and gas exploration from 300 to 1,500 metres deep.
In October 2023, our first deep-water high-pressure development project, Deep-sea No. 2, was successfully drilled and tested, and the first well was developed in a solar-born deep-water block. The area was buried more than 5,000 metres below the sea floor, with ground pressure of up to 69 MPa and temperature of up to 138°C.
On March 26, 2024, the first deep-water catheter set in Asia, the Haeki II, which was built by our own design, was able to slide down the water and position itself precisely in the waters of the Pearl mouth basin, with a total catheter weight of nearly 37,000 tons, 338.5 metres high, with an application depth of about 324 metres, marking the first time in the country to install a stationary catheter in an area more than 300 metres deep, marking a critical set of technology and installation capabilities for our deep-water super-cam catheters to reach World I.
Flow levels are of strategic importance in promoting increased production of offshore oil and gas reserves and ensuring national energy security. For the assembly platform: the national maximum operational depth of fpso “Maritimestone 119” – designed and built in autonomously in May 2020 under the Flutter 16-2 project – is operational. The total length of marine oil 119 – 256 metres long, 49 metres wide, 27 metres deep – is 195,000 tons full of drainage.
14 modules of oil and gas production functionality and 1 building with a capacity of 150 staff members have been built to control the production of 3 underwater oil fields and 26 underwater oil harvesting trees throughout their life cycle. The operation is more than 410 metres deep and can handle 210,000 cubic metres of crude oil and 540,000 cubic metres of natural gas per day.
Risks of significant fluctuations in crude oil prices; risks of natural disasters; risks of new projects not being produced as expected; geopolitical risks; policy risks Author ensures that data used in reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party by reasoning judgement or drawing conclusions; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future