H1 exports are blocked, and today, Ming willow, 28/08/2023 \triangleright \
The sharp decline in the company ' s performance in the first half of 2023 was mainly due to sales affected by the export restrictions on tfm copper and cobalt products, as well as to the fall in market prices for company phosphorous products compared to the same period in the previous year.
And 39.2%, the reason for the non-completion of the median output guideline is that the tfm mixed mine did not start production in the first half of the year, and with the project's research assistant Zhang Qing gradually moving into production and full production, there will be an increase in production in the second half of the year or an annual production target.
International sales ranged from 93 million tons of copper to 1663 tons of cobalt. 3 prices: 2023h1 copper cobalt prices were reduced on a year-to-year basis.
\triangleright 3. Luoyang Molybdenum (603993.sh) in the first quarter of 2023
Cagr is 48.9% of the new increase in profits due to the full production of the 2-watt-a-day nickel-cobalt project. The project produced 60,000 tons of nickel gold a year, mixed hydroxide-cobalt, which was produced in April 2022 and will be fully produced in 2023. 3 Combined sales affect the profits of q4 and expect the Congolese gold Twin Star.
In the Ninder era, the largest salt lake in the world was developed in partnership. The $1.4 billion was invested in two lithium smelters with direct lithium extractors to produce 2023/03/19, with a combined capacity of 50,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year.
Repurchase of shares for the third consecutive year, 2020-2022, for employee holdings, with management interests tied to investors. 1 Incident: Companies issued the 2023 semi-annual report, 25 August 2023, and companies published the 2023 semi-annual report.
2-point assessment: The significant decrease in the sales impact on copper and cobalt plate profits was mainly due to a significant decrease of $7.74 billion in Maori on a year-on-year basis. The decrease was due mainly to the continued disruption of sales of the copper and cobalt section due to the impact of the equity issue, which only recovered in early May, but due to the distance of transportation.
Longer, longer journeys have led to a significant decrease of $4,478 million in the same amount of Maori. In addition, the fall in the price of phosphorus has affected the fall in the price of phosphorus, with Māori falling by $1,146 million in the same amount, which has cost the company the profits.
It is worth noting that despite the sharp rise in the price of molybdenum, the price of molybdenum has fallen, the price of molybdenum has been higher than the price of molybdenum has stifling demand, the volume of molybdenum has fallen on the same scale, and the rate of molybdenum has fallen slightly in the same year.
Real sales fell by 3% on a year-on-year basis, and Māori on a plate eventually fell by $98 million on a year-on-year basis. The decline in profitability was due to a significant increase in cost on a year-on-year basis, either as a result of or mainly because of three points:
The cost of mining rose by 9.5% compared to last year. 2 Mining certificate renewal payments, and the company's three mills faced delays in mining certificates, necessitated the payment of equity payments. 3 tungsten production was reduced by a reduction in by-products, which was reflected in cost increases. Tungsten production fell by 9% compared to the sales due to a decline in grade, as well as sales by the same amount.
4 per cent slide, and the continued decline in the production of associated metals leads to an increase in the cost of molybdenum.In the first half of the year, the average annual price of cathode copper metal cobalt was $976.74 per ton, a change from the same year - 10.84 per cent, mainly affected by overseas inflation and risk events; in the first half of the year, the average price of metal cobalt was $36.73 per pound, subject to the first half of the year.
The impact of the poor performance of the downstream new energy industry chain was 58.18%. The corresponding subsidiary ' s net profit to the mother was $480 million, a decrease of 54.01% over the same period, which, in addition to price factors, was also shadowed by the Congolese equity gold event.
In Brazil, the annual average price of americium/phosphate ammonium is +2.47 per cent/-45.74 per cent, in the second quarter of the year, in the light season, the price of agricultural products has fallen, the price of phosphorus has fallen considerably, and prices are expected to recover in the second half of the year, driven by a strong consumption season.
Volume: Congolese gold kfm successfully operational in the first half of 2023, with a significant increase in copper and cobalt production in the first half of the year compared with the previous year; the remaining metals actually produced in the first half of the year close to or above 50 per cent of the year 2023 guidelines; copper and cobalt plates: Congo kfm copper and cobalt mine successfully operational; company copper/cobalt metal production in the first half of 2023
In the second half of the year, the company ' s tfm mixed mine was put into production, with a further significant increase in capacity and a continued increase in sales.
The advance of three silhouette pits is associated with the technological closure of the upper treacherous molten mine, which is about 8% higher than ever. As the grade of the mines continues to decline, the year-round median is expected to increase again in 2023.
Copper gold plates: production of npm copper/gold in the first half of 2023 was 12.26 million tons and 95.5 million ounces, respectively, an increase of 11.55 per cent and 13.95 per cent, respectively, with a total annual plan of 49.3 per cent/36.7 per cent of the total, and continued activity of the npm gold plate of e26l1n, an increase of 11.55 per cent in the production of copper aiding npm, and company forecasts.
In the first half of 2023, the blockage in copper and cobalt sales led to a significant reduction in sales, an increase in stocks, and a change in the volume of other products, which was largely consistent with the trend in production. tfm copper and cobalt stocks grew by 272% and 190%, respectively.
In the second half of the year, copper and cobalt sales are expected to warm, and high stocks will be sold or will result in over-profits. 2.22023q2, sales at the mine end have resumed, but there are not yet hundreds of millions of yuan due to the impact of in-transit stocks. The decline is mainly due to Maori (2.385 billion yuan), and the decline is mainly due to the disruption of copper and cobalt sales.
The change in value was mainly due to a year-on-year increase in the fair value of derivative financial instruments derived from basic metal trading operations. Prices: the price of major metals except tungsten and zirconium fell in the second quarter. Copper and cobalt plates: 2023q2 and cathode/metal cobalt prices of $8480 per ton and $15.0 per ton, respectively.
\checkmark Cobalt prices fell on a year-on-year basis, mainly because the Fed’s interest hike affected liquidity, and the cumulative demand was expected to be weaker. Ton size, mainly as a result of rapid growth in molybdenum bids and increased demand.
This represents an increase of 5.94 per cent and a 1.19 per cent increase in the ring. Most of the other metal varieties have fallen. In the Brazilian phosphorus plate, the price of americium/phosphate ammonium has changed by +11.05 per cent/-53.71 per cent, the ring has changed by +9.92 per cent/-19.70 per cent, and the price of phosphorus has fallen mainly due to falling food prices, with downstream fertilizer plants operating.
Insufficient work rate and reduced motivation to purchase phosphorus. Volume: Congolese goldkfm in production, significant increase in copper cobalt production of q2; equity settlement, q2 restoration of copper cobalt, copper and cobalt plate: company copper and cobalt block tfm copper/cobalt metal production in the second quarter of 2023, respectively
Quarterly production in the Democratic Republic of the Congo of kfm, with total copper/cobalt metal production from copper and cobalt blocks reaching 9,01/14,300 tons. tfm copper/cobalt products were re-exported in the second quarter, with sales of q2 of 93212/1663 tons respectively.
Longer, the vast majority of products are still in transit and have not been marketed at the end of the trade, so they are not clearly reflected in group profits. Copper gold plates: Npm copper/gold production in the second quarter of 2023 was 6337 tons/4989 ounces, respectively, compared to the same amount.
Trade plate: The total volume of refined ore and refined metal purchases in the second quarter of 2023 amounted to 1,874 million tons, compared with 1) projects have not progressed as expected. Companies have more ongoing projects, including the tfm mixed mine project, the kfm project, etc., that require significant human and material resources, if some unforeseen contingencies occur.
As a result, the project is not moving as fast as expected, when the release pace of production will slow, with an impact on profitability. (2) Prices of major metals, such as copper and cobalt, fall. Companies produce bulk commodities, prices are transparent, and price fluctuations for copper, cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, strontium, phosphorus, etc. can significantly affect corporate profitability if macroeconomic downturns or supply
Large releases lead to a decline in metal prices, which will have a greater impact on companies’ profitability. 3) Geopolitical risks. Corporate investment projects are spread across several countries, including China, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Brazil, Australia, and India.
The company’s subsequent recovery requires the timely sale of its stock, and if the sale of the stock is blocked, such as the lack of capacity to transport Congolese gold, the performance will be released or will fall short of expectations.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.