The company is an example of a multi-metal mining industry that operates in many parts of the world.
Copper gold, copper cobalt, acetyl phosphorus, and ixm mineral trading operations. Companies operate on a global scale, with phosphorus-related products distributed mainly in Brazil, copper-cobalt-related products distributed mainly in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, copper-related gold-related products distributed mainly in Australia, and platinum-related products are distributed mainly in the country, and nickel metals are laid in Indonesia.
The company is a growing energy metal platform company. On copper and cobalt, the company's mining business is \triangleright.
The largest share of revenue and Māori, with the production of the 10k project of e26l1n and tfm in the previous two years yielding an increase in production and the gradual construction of the kisanfu and tfm mixed mine starting in 2023, we expect to be 2023-Kewzu.
In the case of lithium, work together in the Ninder era to develop the world’s largest salt lake.
S-01052208002 Lithium smelters using the direct lithium extraction process, producing a combined capacity of 50,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year. Mine investment + mine operations are two-wheel-drive. On the one hand, companies have an accurate investment perspective and are in the industry.
\triangleright the construction industry at the bottom of the cycle is determined to buy resources and forge a resource advantage. On the other hand, the company has undergone management adjustments.
A three-year $500 million cut target ahead of schedule, highlighting excellent cost-control capabilities, with the current president with a rich mineral research assistant, Zhang Qing, and mountain management experience, which is expected to further enhance resource development capacity.
S-100121120057 has been identified, and all three buybacks have been completed, highlighting the company’s confidence in development.
\triangleright, according to the point chart and the market forecast shown by Fedwatch, will be starting interest reductions next year, and the dollar will be in a weak flow of relaxed environments. At the supply end, the production of mature mines will continue to decline, and the construction of new mines will slow down over the long term.
In the second half of the year, it is expected that copper mining companies will experience insufficient long-term capital spending, the erosion of resource endowments due to the fall in ore grades, and a seasonal recovery of 2023/07/16.
Head mining companies simply need a lot of capital to sustain their current production, despite high prices, for the Luoyang industry (603993.sh) in the first quarter of 2023.
In the first half of the year, the overall strength and weakness will continue, with strong policy expected to boost market confidence, while demand in emerging areas will continue to grow at a rapid pace, or will gradually become the orientation of copper prices, the copper price hub or 3. The luxurious industry (603993.sh) will report for the year 2022:
q4 profits are affected by poor sales, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Twin Stars are expected to become operational by 2023/03/19 Prospective Prospective and Investment for Profit: as tfm blends and kfm copper cobalt mines are phased out, taking into account copper
4. Developments in the Luoyang industry (603993.sh) reported: production rate: industry landscape upwards, copper and cobalt production continues to grow, and we expect a net profit from the company from its mother in 2023-2025 \triangleright
1 mining giant, model for transformation 1.1 company profile: the global profile of the polymetallic variety mining giants The Ninder era was the actual controller of the company ' s second-largest shareholder, the Lo Minerals Group, holding 24.68 per cent of the company through the Lo Minerals Group
The company currently operates on four major mining plates, including tiles, copper gold, copper cobalt, phosphorus, and ixm mines. The company operates around the world, with phosphorus-related products distributed mainly in Brazil, copper- and cobalt-related products in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, copper-related products in Australia and products in Australia.
In Indonesia, nickel has been laid, and the world’s third-largest basic metal trading company, Ixm. The Loyang Xianchuan Sasakawa Industries Group, Inc., has a long history, followed by ipo, and recently started a transformational mining investment + operating company, with copper and cobalt as a front for new energy metals.
1.2 Profit elasticization of copper and cobalt, other plates providing stable cash flows by 0.5 per cent less than in the same year; net return to mothers by $6,067 million, an increase of 18.8 per cent in the same year; net operating cash flows by $155.5 million, an increase of 149.66 per cent in the same year. Net profit enhancement benefits mainly from a decrease in costs, and mainly from a decrease in costs.
In terms of Māori splitting, the company ' s profit elasticity is mainly based on copper and cobalt plates, which provide a steady increase in the sales of tfm and copper and cobalt products in 2017, with a 30/145 per cent increase in the price of stacked copper and cobalt, respectively, and a 62 per cent increase in the ratio of Māori to the public copper and cobalt plates.
Metal prices have also declined, the sales of the stacks have declined, the harvests have fallen below the price levels, the share of the copper cobalt plate has fallen to 11.3 per cent, the sales caused by the gold dispute have been blocked, and the share of the copper and cobalt plate has fallen to 43.2 per cent, but it remains the highest.
We expect that tfm sales will resume as the kisanfu Cobalt and tfm mixed mining projects move towards production and completion, with a further increase in the Māori share of copper and cobalt plates in future corporate performance.
1.3 The business costs of copper and cobalt plates have been reduced from year to year, highlighting the capacity of the company to operate the mines. The overall cost of the company has been reduced first, and the decrease in the cost in the preceding period has been mainly due to the abatement efficiency of the copper and cobalt plates. The recovery in 2022 was mainly due to the increase in the cost of the tiles. The breakdown is as follows:
Blocks: The operating costs of the plates continued to rise from 2018 to 2022. The operating costs of the plates continued to rise as a result of the downgrade of the ores, with a 27 per cent increase in the year in 2022. \checkmark
Blocks are limited by declining ore taste, and the overall Māori rate is on the decline; the phosphorus plate has benefited from a change in the price-pricing model for phosphorus, resulting in a marked increase in the price of 2022 Māori. In terms of cost rates, the company ' s cost rate has dropped significantly over the last five years, with a three-cost rate (sales, administrative costs, management costs).
2-power copper cobalt, which will be harvested year: 2.1 copper cobalt block production capacity: tfm mixed mine +kisanfu development, production first step, tfm mine extension project 10k. 10k extension project was launched in July 2021, ore
The daily processing increased from 15,000 tons to 25,000 tons, reaching production in December of the same year, increasing copper and cobalt production capacity by 885 tons and 7280 tons; the copper gold plate e26l1n project reached production, and the continuation of the subsequent expansion project, which we expect to reach 30,000 tons/year of copper production capacity.
Step two, tfm mixed mine development and kisanfu construction. The mixed mine invested $2.51 billion and is expected to start production in the second half of 2023, at which time it will contribute 200,000 tons of copper annually and 17,000 tons of cobalt annually; kisanfu, a greenfield project, was launched in the second quarter of 2023 and will contribute 90,000 tons of copper and 30,000 tons of copper annually after delivery.
With the gradual release of the tfm mixed and kfm copper cobalt mines, we expect the history of the company ' s copper npm project 2023-2025: the npm copper gold mine is Australia ' s fourth-largest active copper gold mine, using advanced points.
As a result of the decline in the grade level of the mines, production and sales have declined from year to year, the expansion of the selected plants and the arrival of e26l1n are expected to mitigate the impact of the decline in taste on the production of the npm mines. e26l1n projects are completed five months ahead of the research period.
Npm handles more than 8.2 million tonnes a year, copper capacity may be advanced to 30,000 tonnes a year, and sales in 2022 continue to decline or are largely due to poor connectivity during the start-up of the new project. A further 24% of the equity was acquired in January of this year.
Annual production of tons of copper and 17,000 tons of cobalt. Only half of sales in 2022 were due to equity disputes that prevented the export of company products. tfm expansion was blocked by the Congolese gold side, and the company and the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo were able to raise their share of the proceeds.
As early as August 2021, as a result of a gradual reduction in the number of years of mineral oxides on the surface of the tfm copper cobalt mine, the plan for the mining of the tfm mixed mine was on schedule. By the end of 2021, the tfm copper reserve was only 3.5 million tons of metal, and if production was planned according to the production of 455,000 tons, only production would be possible.
There is enough production for about eight years, so exploration for additional deposits is needed to extend the life of the mines. Under local Congolese law, the additional deposits are subject to equity payments, but with respect to the details of the payments, the company has raised objections with the Congolese side and has held multiple rounds of consultations on the matter.
With the efforts and insistence of the company, the issue of equity money finally landed in July 2023, according to the company.
The reconciliation agreement signed with the Société générale pour l ' état du Congo (GRM) provides that the parties will agree on the following items and will make a total settlement of $800 million for the joint venture, and that tfm will accumulate over the current period of service of the project from tfm to gécamines from 2023 to 6 years from 2028 to tfm to gécamines from 2023 (inclusive)
At least $1.2 billion in shareholder dividends were allocated.3 There was also consensus among the parties on the future re-stocking of tfm, the management of operations, etc. Gécamines had 20% sub-contracting rights and had the same rights as the project under the terms of Congolese law and fair pricing.
The equity balance has a relatively large impact on the company’s cash flow statement, with a smaller impact on the profit statement. and the settlement is ultimately set at $800 million, an increase in 2021 compared to 2022 for tfm.
The reserve is calculated as an equity of $182/ton for the average single ton of copper metal (not taking into account the increase in cobalt) and $1.51/ton for the single ton of ore. In the next six years, companies will have to spend $130 million annually on settlements (the equivalent of RMB 930 million).
At the end of 2022, the company ' s reserves of cash and cash equivalents were calculated at the end of 2022, based on the size of the production of 455,000 tons of copper metals/year, which could be mined for 17 years and amortized for an annual amount of $800 million for 17 years.
For $4.61 million, the average cost per ton of copper metal would increase by $101 per ton, affecting only 1.2% of the current price of $8,500 for copper. Red pressure would still be good, and at current copper prices, it would meet the requirement, even without expansion 1.2 billion.
US$ 70 million per year for the 17-year mine life cycle, an annual average of US$ 350 million for the annual benefit requirement and US$ 769 for the average single-ton copper profit, according to the 20 per cent shareholding ratio of the Société générale pour le développement du Congo (GRM)
The net profit of tfm in 2021 was RMB 5.2 billion, or about US$ 740 billion (at the exchange rate of usdcny = 7), well above the average annual profit required.
Twenty per cent of sub-contracting rights would, to some extent, limit the scope for companies to select contractors, and the cost of their use may increase. On the other hand, 20 per cent of subcontracting variants reduce trade volumes of ixm, with little or no impact on annual production and sales of more than ixm3 million tons.
kfm History: In December 2020, the company acquired 95 per cent of the interest in Congolese copper and cobalt mines of the kisanfu class at a price of $550 million (project company kfm). The following April, a cooperation agreement was signed with the Ninder era to sell 25 per cent of the kfm holding shares and to tie down deep downstream customers.
The kisanfu copper cobalt mine is one of the largest and best-flavored undeveloped copper cobalt projects in the world. As of the end of 2022, total ore resources amounted to 199 million tons, copper-containing metals about 4.24 million tons, cobalt-containing metals about 2.01 million tons, kisanfu copper-cobalt resources averaged about 2.13 per cent, and cobalt resources averaged 1.01 per cent.
The amount of copper cobalt from the company Kantaga Cobalt Cobalt mine, which exceeds the two main cobalt mines, and the amount of cobalt that exceeds the amount of cobalt in the carnival, has grown significantly since the acquisition of kisanfu (as measured by data from 2022), beyond the mining company that could make carnival the largest amount of cobalt in the world. The amount of cobalt control has increased from 3.57 million tons to 56.23 per cent.
By 5.58 million tons, the amount of interest increased from 2.86 million tons by between 50.08 and 4.29 million tons, exceeding the range of energy-controlled cobalt resources of 3.74 million tons. Cobalt production in the kisanfu and tanke complexes (in 2025) will be the world’s largest cobalt producer.
2.2 Nickel: The setup of the 60,000-ton nickel cobalt wet smelting project in Indonesia and the 60,000-ton nickel cobalt wet smelting project in Indonesia are promising for growth. After the acquisition in 2019, the Luoyang industry eventually indirectly held 30% of the nickel-cobalt equity in China, via the UFO.
The construction of a nickel morowali industrial park in the red-soil area, which produces mixed hydroxide cobalt (mhp) of 60,000 tons of nickel metal per year, will mainly produce nickel- and cobalt-related products in the future, looking forward to the development of the new energy sector in the future. The project is now in production in June 2022 and will contribute 60,000 tons.
Nickel metal volume, 7,800 tons of cobalt metal, nickel hydroxide cobalt products.
High nickelization trends: in keeping with the trend of high nickelization, further consolidation of the company’s layout in the field of new energy metals. Cobalt hydroxide sales cost approximately $90,000. 2.3 In close cooperation with Ningde, a new energy metal supply platform was developed
The major shareholders in the Luoyang industry have invested in the Ningde era since they were not listed in the Ningde era. The owner-in-chief, a fully-owned subsidiary of Tibet, held 3.21% of Ningde's shares before they were listed in the Ningd era, which was diluted to 2.89%.
Hong-Chu still holds 1.16% of the Ningde stock and is the seventh largest shareholder in the Ningdeng era. Figure 28: Tibetan Hung-Chu became the second largest shareholder in the Luo-Yung industry in the Ningdeng era.
The company Sichuan-era signed an investment framework agreement with the Luoyang-Gianxing Group, which plans to increase its Sichuan-era equity by 100% of its holdings. When the deal is completed, the Sichuan-era-Hong Kong Group will become a minority, the Ningde-era will remain a Sichuan-era shareholder, and will also be the second largest shareholder in the Luoyang Moor industry.
In December 2020, the Luoyang industry spent $550 million to buy kisanfu copper, and in April 2021, the Ningde Indirect Holding Company Bump Age.
One hundred thirty-seven and fifty-five per cent of the kfm interest and an indirect share of 23.75 per cent of the kisanfu copper and cobalt mine. The two sides will bear the project capital expenditure proportionately to the share held in the kfm holdings and will jointly invest in the development of the kisanfu 2 joint venture to cooperate in the development of the world ' s largest salt lake.
Above the altiplano plateau, the area of approximately 10582 km2 is the world ' s largest lithium salt lake at an altitude of 3666 metres above sea level, with an average salt layer depth of 121 m, a lithium ratio of 9.28 magnesium, a halo water concentration of 180~1150 ppm, an average of 321 ppm, an estimated reserves of approximately 5.5 million tons of lithium metal and about 14.3 million tons of lithium carbonate.
In 2016, the former Prime Minister of Bolivia set up the National Lithium Company, ylb, which is responsible for the autonomous development of the Huyuni Salt Lake, with an initial investment of $942 million, and designed the National Lithium Development Strategy, which is divided into three phases: (a) phase I, which achieves the production of 40 tons of lithium carbonate per month; (b) phase II, which achieves the production of 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year; and (c) phase III, which provides for the production of lithium batteries. The first two phases are being developed by ylb in a sovereign and autonomous manner, allowing only foreign enterprises to provide technical support.
In April 222018, the government and ylb chose German lithium battery manufacturer aci as a partner in the commercialization of the Uyoni Salt Lake, ylb formed a joint venture with aici in October 2019, and invested $1.2 billion in lithium and lithium battery production in the Uyoni Salt Lake, but as a result of the right-wing coup d ' état, the former Prime Minister was removed from power.
Uyuni’s industrialization process has been suspended. In March 32021, the new government announced the relaunching of the project, with ylb bidding from overseas companies with direct lithium-property (dle) processes, which were submitted to ylb by companies such as the Lithium Industry, the Specialized Electric Industries Group, the Russian uranium 1g, and the United States, where halogenated lithium-property processes were shown.
(b) On 20 January 2023, Bolivia ' s National Lithium Industry Company (ylb) signed an agreement with a coalition of Chinese companies, including the Ninder era, cbrunp&cmoc, in La Paz, the country ' s administrative capital, to build two lithium extraction plants with an initial investment of over $1 billion (approximately $6.784 billion yuan).