The semi-annual forecast for alternative car and car spare parts is slightly higher, and the bottom recovery trend is positive: the company issued the semi-annual report, which generated $70,563 million in revenue in the first half of 2019, compared to the previous year.
In the first half of the year, overall sales in the automobile industry declined significantly, and spare parts companies were affected by both the industry’s decline and the downside of the entire plant. The Chinese product industry is well organized, its client base is high-quality, and it has the advantage of scale and it can go a long way.
In addition, the car industry is at the bottom of the cycle, and with the prospect of a gradual recovery as the industry returns, corporate performance will follow the industry’s upward trend.
Autonomous capacity is enhanced and long-term development is strongly supported. Corporate development is gradually drawing on the total equity/flow (millions of shares) technical and managerial experience of partner partners to integrate Wei Se-Tung, Jiangseng, Xiao Xiao, through continuous acquisition.
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) of overseas giants has increased their autonomous control. Dependence on foreign capital has gradually been reduced, and long-term development, with stronger internal support, is expected to grow into a global bulk of spare parts.
Automobiles in China (600741), with a steady long line of performance and a steady advance in intelligence. The power-driven system operations are based on the power of the Totohua system and the power-driven intelligence that opens the future. -2019/03/31.
Dom Magnus, which has been recognized by the public as a global, upper-air, upper-air vehicle, etc., is expected to expand its customers in the future, thanks to the leading technology and mature project experience of a Chinese car (600741).
The Division has also achieved bulk delivery of a number of core products, such as electrical compressors and air-conditioning systems, new energy heat management, electrical transitions, battery casings, battery management systems, etc. Intelligent driving of 24ghz mm wave radar has been achieved with 77/79ghz heading towards millimetres.
The development of products such as Da, 360 OPES has been steadily advanced, and the establishment of a fully functional business development platform covering millimetre wave radars, cameras and data integration has been explored.
The recovery of the industry is expected to stabilize gradually, and we expect the 19/20 company to receive the respective Qualifications Code: the Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.