Company review report  Automotive industry
Li Zetsu announced its semi-annual report for 2019.
(i) Decline in the automobile market affecting performance and rising profitability: lubricant ratio - 29.53 per cent; 12.365 million vehicles sold on the domestic market in 2019, a decline in the same ratio; (ii) management of the upward trend in consumption in the domestic market and development of smart interconnections and electricization operations
During the reporting period, companies made substantial breakthroughs in the supply of limo brands, solar customers, and new and emerging customers. Longline interiors, based on global layout advantages and good supply performance, further consolidated their global strategic partnership with BMW, Mercedes, BMW5 and Mercedes 206.
The platform's full-blown global business fixes. The Chinese vision, the Bo China domain, has turned to the same business fixes as the Toyota compact suv, the Toyota model, and the Toyota locomotive system.
Rapid development. The 24ghz back-to-millimeter wave radar achieves a steady supply of upper-air vehicles, upper-air traffic, etc., to customers, and the 77ghz forward-to-millimeter belle for the bus, with automatic emergency brakes, has successfully passed the national regulatory test and became the first product in the country to be tested through this type of test.
(iii) Optimizing the cost of cutting production down should respond to the industry's low level of interest, looking forward to long-term stability in the future.
(a) Changes in production and distribution, balanced production plans, optimized organization of production, coping with fluctuations in supply and demand, and, at the same time, taking proactive measures to strengthen the downside, further reduce cost spending, reduce investment in energy-enabling projects, safeguard operating capital and work to overcome the adverse effects of market downturns on the company ' s operations;
To ensure the smooth functioning of business plates at home and abroad. The company is firmly committed to the development strategy of “zero classization, neutralization, internationalization” and is actively seized of technological developments in the automotive sector, based on “3+2+1” or “3+2+1”, i.e., smart network integration, electric activation, light-quantified 3 professional plates, interior and interior accessories, and 2 sets of bottom plates.
As a platform, the business planning of an investment financing platform with international and domestic synergies is required. Companies adhere to strategic orientation, adjust and optimize some of their equity structures, achieve core business, become the largest parts and components of the domestic automobile industry, and raise their own profits as they move down the industry.
(i) Risks of less than expected overall growth in the automobile industry; and (ii) risks of changing global trade environment;