I'm reporting the reasons for this: semi-annual reviews.
In the first half of 2019, it was influenced by macro-economic pressures, low consumer confidence, and changes in the policy environment.
The company ' s performance as a supplier of car parts and components declined by 13.55 per cent in the reporting period, compared to 13.55 per cent in the same period. As the net return profit for the same period in 2018 included a one-time return on the purchase of 50 per cent of the Chinese visual shareholding, the net return for the company declined considerably.
The beneficial companies optimize the positive effects of organizational structure, intensification of downgrading, etc., and maintain a level playing field in each section of the company, actively promote the layout of overseas operations and increase the security margins of the company’s performance. The first is the company’s light-quantified casting of a share/total equity (billions):
Some of the niche operations and products, such as aluminium, oil tank systems and motor electronics, have entered the market value of Europe, the United States, Korea, Australia and circulationa (billions): regional markets, including South-East Asia, have established 93 manufacturing units as of the end of June 2019
The second is the firm's further consolidation of its global strategic partnership with BMW, Mercedes, and its ability to increase the global impact of corporate products while getting fixed points; and the third is the company's 2019 first-and-a-half push, which is expected to balance the negative impact of the decline in domestic automobile sales on the company's performance.
The company, after a long period of accumulation of excellent customer resources, has established good long-term partnerships with many of the country’s whole-of-caring enterprises, not among them.
In the meantime, companies are actively expanding the full range of high-quality customers in the industry, entering into the global business niches of one platform, China Visual Technology (Shanghai) Ltd., Bo.
HOTS Ltd. obtained, respectively, BMW toyota compact up front and rear suv, BMHARTA, ITC 28th floor, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, Yakaku-style transfer system, Sekoli Motors Technology Application, Shanghai, etc.
In Beijing, Yamfang Road Sits Ltd. and Yampetbio Autocar apparel system Ltd., China Sea, 28 Sinrich Street, Beijing, obtained several business fixes of Tsla's Shanghai national model.
IC7 keeps up with the trend in the automobile industry and continuously expands technological advantages. First, companies continue to increase their research and development.
The first half of 2019, with R & D costs of 2,528 million yuan, represents an increase of 8.36 per cent over the previous year; the second is the continuous extension of the new energy vehicle industry chain by the Department of Public Administration, with companies and their affiliates achieving a series of power-driven appliances.
Supply of the main new energy vehicle-type packages for whole-car customers, such as auto-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-ca-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-bus-car-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-bus-de-de-bus-bus-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-bus-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-re-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-
Several platforms, such as bev3, are targeted for new energy vehicles in a number of operational areas; the third is the company branch 24ghz back-to-back steady supply to some customers with 77ghz forward-to-millimeter wave radar, which has been delivered in bulk, significantly raising the company's core in the area of motor smart network connectivity
COMPETITIVENESS. Overall, firms are following the trend of the automobile industry, actively laying out key sections of the industrial chain in line with the company’s smart network, electricization, light-quantified professional panels, interior and interior accessories, bottom-plate integration platforms, business system planning requirements for international and national investment financing platforms.
But as a leader in the domestic auto parts and components industry, traditional and emerging, active domestic and foreign distribution, well-structured customers, and highly technologically superior firms, as competition in the automobile market increases, companies have
The automobile industry continues to experience a downward trend; there is less than expected sales of the supporting model of the product; and macroeconomic attitudes, with an independent and objective presentation of the present report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or observations contained in this report. I have undertaken not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.