zoomlian (1157hk/00157ch) 2024resourcesbelowextractation; stillpositive onthestrustructuraloverseasgrovethtrend
zoomlian's 2024resourceswereweakerwatersourceration, duotoaslowdown of overseasrevenuegroveth (14%) in4q24, reductionofothercome, and increaseininventoryturnoverdays.
We're talking 7/8%, after all, we're talking about how to do it, and we're talking about how to do it.
I don't know what to do with you, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Inventoryvelin2025e.ourtpforzoomliona/hisreviseddown/upto 12-mthpriceperformance 30%
4q24arrowshighlight.revenuein4q24dropped 4% yoyto rmb11.1bn, ashedeclineinchinarevenue (18% yoytormb5.36bn)
Of course thegrovethoverseas (+14% yoytormb 5.74bn). Overseasrevenue accoundedfor52%offtalrevenuein4q24, slightlydownfrom57%in 3q24.blendrodrosmarginexpaned0.6pptyoyto27.5%asoverseas
Marketscommanedahighermargin.giventhedeclineofon-operating income (-89% yoytormb61mn), ebitdapped 19% yoytormb519mn.netprofitdeclined 45% yoytormb382mn, asaresultohighherminority
I'm sorry, but I don't know if it's true, but I don't know if it's true, but it's not true.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
13% ofzoomlian's stotalsalesin 2024.fortowacles, management revealedthatonly 30-40%
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of something like this, but we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it, we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it.
balanceredtoinfrastructure, energyandunicipal projects. 2025outook.managementdidnotprovidemuchquantitiveguidancein thepost-resultscall, butprovedsomedirections (1) overseasmark
An expansionwillbeacelerated; (2) early-working,mining, adagricultural machinerywillcontinuetogrovethdrivers; and (3) share-basedexpenses, related reports:
Capitalgoods-non-earth-moving (4) otheroperating expensesareexpectedtobeonadowntrond. mar2025 (link)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
(previously 40%) ...ournarrowedtargetdiscounstoreflectothercentimprovementhunhong kongmarkketappetite.majorriskfactors: (1) Furthweaknessofpropertyinvestmentinchina; (2)aslowdown
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I don't know, overseased; (3) increaseinfreightrates duactouncertatainustariffpolicy.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, I don't know, but it's just that I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(s) coveredhisresearch report with 30calendardayspriortoteteofissueissuesueofthisreport; (2) Will dealinortradeinthestock(s) coveredhisresearchreport3businsdayofotherthedateofissueofthisreport; (3) serveasanofficerofofofofofthe Konglistedcompaniesdirectedinthyport; and (4) havenyfinalinterestsinthehongkonglistscompaniedcased.
♪ And bigmratings forgot: stockisnotratedbycm
Outperform mark-perform underperform
"and internationalglobalmarketslimited and internationalglobalglobalmarketslimited" ("cmbigm") iawhollyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed (awholly reported subsocialofchinamerchantsbank)
Importantdiscussions doesnotprovidindividuallytailoredvementadvice.thisreporthasbeenpreparedwithoutregardtotheindividualinvestives, financial position orspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindicationoffutureperformation, dactuatedeventsmayifferrealfromthatwichiscontainedthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedby the cmbigm, solelyforpurposeofsuplyinformationtotheclientsofcirentsorgm oritsaffiliate(s) thomitistbureted.thisportisnotototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanyscienceornyinterestin secritiesorienterintoanytransaction.neith and bigmnonyofofsaffialates, shareholds, agents, delegates, directors, officesorsorsoremployoyèsallbe.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, methhodswhencompiling.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) aeropersfallingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hhnetworthcompanies, unincorporated associations, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotprovidedtoanotherperson without thepriorwrittenconsentof and Bigm.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Idendedtoenstaintythenalysprotenfectoriesbypostentialconfactssointerestthatcoud certainoriabilityofothersesearchreport.thisreportis invertedfordstoriesthestatestatelyto"majorusinstitutionalinvestors”, asdefinedintilile15a-6undertheus, securitiesexchhangeactof 1934,asamended,andmayyotbefurnishtoanyotherpersonsentstates.eachmajorustitutionalinvestivesatresativesystemsactatives.
I don't know, by sacceptanceherofrepresentsandadagreesthatshathaltshathaltridiorprovidethisiporttoanyotherson.anyu.s.recipientofthisportwishingto effectanytransactiontobuyorselsecuritiesbasedontheforformation providedthesisresportdosoldsonlythroughau.s.-registerbroker-dealer.Forcificentsofthisdocumentiningaporeinsin
This reportistributedinsaporeby pte.mited (cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20171928d), anexemptfinancialadviserasdefined in thefinancialadvisersact (cap. 110) ofusingaporeandreguilaedbythemonetataryauthorthorityofspore.cmbismaydistreportsproducedbyits researchiveforignitities, affiliatesotropotherworldhousehousehousespooltoarrangementunderundersourceration32Cofthefinciancianciadvisersregulations.
If you're going to do it, then you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.