The ratio of overseas ownership has continued to rise, with the emergence of a dynamic business sector and the expansion of overseas markets leading to higher profitability, accelerating the digital transformation, according to the company annual report, the Māori sales rate in 2024 was 28.17 per cent, compared to +0.63 pt, net sales gains.
The strategic layout of the network was 11 offshore production bases in 8 countries, including Italy, Germany, India, Mexico, Belarus, Brazil, Turkey and the United States; more than 210 global service spare parts warehouses, with company prices compared to 300 deep trends.
The products cover more than 170 countries and regions. On the other hand, companies take advantage of full process digital control through digitalization, end-to-end management systems, etc. On a cost basis, sales in 2024 were increased by the opening of overseas markets, and the management costs were mainly due to the share payments planned by employees on an ongoing basis.
While there has been an increase in the use of financial costs and an increase in exchange gains and losses, there has been a decrease in R & D costs and R & D cost rates, mainly due to the fact that firms have improved their R & D effectiveness through a digital transformation and significantly reduced material consumption in the context of higher salaries for R & D staff.
• The growth of traditional advantage products is robust, and new business is contributing to new growth poles. Companies are actively promoting industrial structural optimization, making every effort to accelerate the creation of synergies between traditional advantage industries and emerging ones, and fostering strong development dynamics.
Cement machines, engineering cranes, construction cranes, three traditional dominant product line companies insist on strong domestic growth, sustained overseas expansion, increased overall export sales of the three product lines in 2024, new business plates, earth-based mechanical plate companies, $6.671 billion in 2024, and Māori ratio
30.18% (+267 pct). The rate of large-scale mining in the domestic market on the soil is in the country’s pre-natal stage, changes in micro-digging channels are accelerating, with export sales in overseas markets increasing by more than 27% on a year-on-year basis. In 2024, the high-capacity sector achieved a revenue of $6,833 million, with a Māori rate rising by 7.75 pct on the same year. The company is the country’s best model.
High-altitude equipment manufacturers, 90% electrodynamic penetration, ultra-millimeter arm products and key technologies, 1. Internationalization results are remarkable, and emerging operations are fast-growing. International leadership and momentum are strong. Agricultural plates are generating $4.65 billion a year, with the same Māori rate.
The company continues to scale up technology research and development, accelerating the transformation of smart manufacturing, ranking the domestic market in 2. "Overseas + new business expansion, profitability, industry number five, dryer market is the highest, wheat is the top two, domestic channel is 2024."
It has grown to more than 650 and more than 130 overseas channels.
1) Domestic industry needs are not as high as expected; 2) overseas markets are not expanding as expected; 3) receivables are recovered and risk is reduced to bad debt readiness; 4) industry competition is intensified; and the use of legally compliant information, independent and objective production of this report, data and information used in this report, both from open information in the market and from myself, is made available to them.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.