Growing profitability, looking forward to corporate globalization and diversification Events: Companies published their annual report 2024, which generated income of $45,478 million a year, a year-on-year decline. Traditional industries grew robustly and emerging industries grew rapidly. Companies built concrete machinery, engineering, etc.
The three traditional niches of machinery, construction and cranes have grown steadily, the domestic market has stabilized, the size of overseas operations and market positions have continued to rise, and the overall export sales patterns of the three product lines have grown by more than 35% on an equal basis. Emerging industries have grown and contributed to new growth poles, among them:
1) Rapid completion of excavation, micro-digging product spectrometry, full coverage of 1.5-400 tons of products, deep development of mining sites in the domestic market, over 100 tons of mining, up to the top three sectors in the excavator market, overseas market, with the same scale of export sales in 2024
Annual sales grew by more than 122 per cent. 4) The internationalization strategy of mine machinery, emergency equipment, new Chinese materials, etc., has advanced strongly, with overseas operations accounting for more than half of the revenue. In 2024, companies achieved overseas revenues of $23.380 billion, an increase of 30.58 per cent over the previous year.
More than 40 priority country locations, with level I airports covering nearly 200 countries, the highest/minimum prices in 12 months globally, major cities have built over 400 networks, and major overseas countries and regions are almost achieved
As the process of internationalization deepens, corporate overseas markets become more diversified, regional marketing structures are being optimized, and there is a “multiple flowering” that continues to grow rapidly. Profitability continues to increase, and business excellence is evident.
< < 2021 under pressure to see long-term corporate exposure (receivables + receivables + receivables + receivables financing + loans issued) and the market position of the company ' s product lines continued to improve at the end of the year,
Advances + long-term receivables + non-current assets due within one year are 10,263 million less than the end of the first quarter < < to maintain high demand in beneficiary industries, core industry Pacific Securities Inc.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report