China Air (60111.sh)
The company ask rose by 5.2% from the previous year, and the rpk rose from the same year.
4.2 per cent, or 80.6 per cent, or 0.7 pts less than in the same year; January-June, ask accumulated a rise in the same year-to-year differential strategy, supply-restricted accommodation rates and fare prices: in January-June 2017, domestic line passenger fare levels will increase by 3 per cent over the same period and are projected to be in the interior of the country due to current tensions at first-line airports.
Field prices will remain high; on the international front, the second half of the year's operational activity will slowly pick up and, in the context of the year-on-year high, it is expected that the annual fare level will shrink to 5 per cent, that the right of international navigation is now largely exhausted, that the supply of international lines is expected to be limited, and that next year the international billing ratio will be reversed.
China’s national airline has always adopted a heavy-price strategy, hoping to convert the high seating rate in the domestic market into a gain.
“Good supply and demand, rising guestship rates, sustained exchange losses” Oil price exchange rate performance exceeded expectations at the beginning of the year and boost performance increased significantly: oil prices were relatively low in the near future, Brent crude oil prices continued to vibrate below $50/bp, and average prices are expected to be lower than the forecast of $55/bpb at the beginning of the year.
We measure a 5% change in oil prices and 9.7% net profit sensitivity in 2017.
4. " Exchange losses have led to a decline in performance, resulting in savings in the form of a direct reduction in the median value of the currency against the United States dollar, which has appreciated by more than 2.4 per cent since the beginning of the year, and while China ' s national airline is gradually reducing the ratio of its debt to the United States dollar, it will still significantly improve the exchange gains and losses. We measure the appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar.
As the domestic aviation climate continues to remain high and the renminbi appreciated at a higher than expected level, we turn up the firm's absolute advantage at the Beijing hub, with complete international routes and deep-farming of high-quality markets; and a price-priority strategy, with three major high-yield flights leading, will fully enjoy the increase in ticket prices as the season comes.
Higher performance; pb valuations were lowest in three major flights, with room for repair. “buy-in” ratings were maintained. Impacts such as macroeconomic downturns, high oil prices and exchange rate fluctuations, disease outbreaks and severe weather events.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market: Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.