The exchange rate is booming, and it's starting to get better, and it's going to be a half-yearly review in 2017.
During the reporting period, 11,89292 million seats were available for group passenger transport, representing an increase of 4.94 per cent over the same period; the total weekly passenger transport percentage points were realized. 640.8 million tons of freight available were invested, representing an increase of 1.90 per cent over the same period.
From the analysis of the existing aviation plate reform, a combination of national air transport may introduce strategic investors and cargo block reforms. The general state of operation of the national shipping plate makes it possible to reform the cargo plate as a approximate event, followed by the possibility of introducing strategic investors in the cargo block, in cooperation with couriers or electric power providers, using it as a means of introducing strategic investors.
Oil prices are three-foldly profitable, contributing to higher performance, oil prices are still low, and pressure on oil prices will decline seasonally if the price status quo is maintained, and the renminbi has recently become significantly stronger.
The exchange-rate pressure has dropped markedly; pmi has gone up, public business needs have recovered and performance is expected to pick up.
Commercial bidding was not as expected, entry duty-free bidding was lower than expected, and industrial policy risks were involved.
2. Human transport industry theme report: industry is moving towards convergence and valuation, focusing on leadership opportunities. 3. Civil transport industry weekly report 7.24: Railways, civil aviation, etc.
Liu Zhenwoo, the head of the large machinery team, the master's degree in materials from Beijing University of Science and Technology, and a master's degree.
Li Qing, Senior Engineer, Doctor of Engineering, University of Edinburgh, United Kingdom, worked for three years in large state-owned integrated energy enterprises, and was responsible for investment advice on transport, energy, etc. projects.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.