Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
A firm policy of price priorities, with rising volume rates driving faster growth: China's national airline followed a price priority, and, against the background of the domestic market boom, took the initiative to reduce additional capacity, raise fare prices and achieve good results (domestic +1.1 pts/international +1.5 pts), while, at the same time, the fare priority strategy worked to achieve a high passenger rate.
1. “Exceeding the forecast for higher fares and higher profit forecasts have narrowed to 3.2 per cent, while, along with the recovery of international trade, revenues from corporate mail and mail transport have been 4.49 billion dollars.
2. "The Quality of Gains, the Oligarchic Valuation for Rehabilitation - Medium Fuel Cost Erosion Performance, Exchange Gain Contribution to Profit: China ' s national aviation fuel cost increased by 40.1 per cent over the year due to the rise in international oil prices and 5.0 pts over the operating costs, which accounted for a slight decrease in corporate performance during the period
3. " Supply and demand are good, guest rates are rising again, and exchange losses are continuing for reasons of concern. Excluding fuel costs, the company ' s other costs rose by 8.3 per cent over the year, slightly less than the growth in revenue, and among other costs, staff salaries and maintenance costs increased faster, by 11.0 per cent and 11.0 per cent respectively.
The cost of landing and parking is affected by the airport price increases, which are 8.0% higher than the number of flights, although the negative impact is smaller than that of other aviation divisions owing to the relatively high number of international shipping routes.
5. In addition to the decline in the performance of currency exchange losses, which resulted in savings on a direct basis, at the end of the reporting period, the share of interest-bearing United States dollar debt in China fell further to 44.4 per cent, but the rise in the value of the renminbi still resulted in exchange gains of 1.270 billion yuan, a significant improvement of 2.97 billion yuan.
Quality of earnings leads, net profit from non-repatriation increases slightly: China National Airlines continues to maintain its global network excellence, with 408 passenger routes at the end of the reporting period, abundant domestic resources for high-quality routes, completed international route deployment, price-priority strategies, and corporate returns ahead.
Against this background, the Māori rate is significantly higher than that of brother companies, with a small 6.3 per cent increase in non-repatriated net profits, which is unique in the three main flights. Supply is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year, with fare levels or pressures: China’s navigation net increase in the first half of 2017
Five aircraft are slow. To match three quarters of aviation requirements, the company anticipates a net increase of 33 aircraft in the second half of the year, with faster power supply.
(b) A price-priority strategy, leading in terms of yield quality; pb is the lowest in all three flights and has the ability to repair the void.
▪ Macroeconomic downturns, high oil prices and exchange rate fluctuations, effects of disease outbreaks and severe weather events.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.