Net interest rate rises in the second quarter, leading positions continue to consolidate improved performance in the q2 quarter, increased profitability, $3.11 billion, affected by growth in sales, operating income increased by 9.47 per cent on a year-on-year basis; net repatriation
During the first half of the year, the company achieved 1361 tons of plasma collection in 85 single-sampling companies, an increase of 0.7 per cent (an increase calculated on the basis of an increase in the slurry volume in mid-Red in the first half of 2024).
On August 5, the company issued an announcement and received a Chinese bio-investor report from the controlling shareholder.
After careful analysis, it is decided that the planetarium organisms will abandon the business opportunities to acquire Pylin organisms. After giving up the business opportunities to acquire Pyramid, Chinese organisms will begin the overall development strategy and carry out the acquisition of the Pylin biobusiness opportunities.
19.77/19.77 Total stock/flow capital (billion shares) will make further commitments regarding the time frame, basic path, etc. for the resolution of new competition among practitioners.
The framework agreement, under which China's bioprogramming agreement acquired 21.03% of the shares of a company held by the winner, Young-hau, is automatically terminated if the parties fail to conclude a formal transaction document at the end of three months from the date of entry into force of the purchase framework agreement.
China has limited shares in biotechnology, major assets have been reassembled, and the approval process is expected to take longer.
This also marks the final stage in China’s biological acquisition of Parin. China’s biological holdings, first acquired by Chinese biologicals, will allow more time for integration.
The strategic position of natural organisms in the blood industry will be further enhanced by the profit projection and investment rating:
Merger and acquisition integration does not meet the expected risk: market competition increases the risk: policy risk. The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable, currently publicly available information, and, through independent judgement and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity, fairness. The findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.