– Mid 2025 reported performance ratings 1.79 billion yuan, an increase of 10 per cent in the same year (25q1 as 7.8 per cent), net profit attributable to the mother of $390 million, a decrease of 5.1 per cent in the same year (22.0 per cent for the same year) and an increase of 25q2 in the same year.
The Māori rate has fallen by 10.3 pct, with specific blood products, of which 41.0% are humans and 41.0% are human blood proteins, while the Ding Cant has started to supply the blood products to the market, and increased competition in the industry has had a price-cutting effect on the products. We believe that downstream demand has increased with the ageing of the population, the demand for blood products from medical endpoints has increased, and the demand for blood products has increased upstream across the line.
In the first half of the year, the company slurryed 1361 tons (including midland Reds), an increase of 0.7 per cent compared to the same year, with the supply of ironed blood products growing at a very high rate of 2023-2024.
20%, sitting in the domestic chair. We think there's still much room for company slurry, with 22 slurry stations still to be built, 107 single slurry stations, in 16 provinces/autonomous regions of the country, 85 slurry stations and 22 slurry stations.
There is still room, and the company's current single station is about 32 tons of slurry per year, below the industry's average annual slurry level (about 39 tons per year). We believe that as old stations dig and new slurry stations continue to produce slurry, future slurry will be slurry.
There's still a lot of room for improvement. Foreend slurry determines the rate of growth of blood products, and the company's long-term performance is as follows: "Technology: 24q3 net profit rate continues to rise, industry M&As can become an international blood-forming giant. "
In recent years, the company, as the main owner of mergers and acquisitions, has acquired the Xi'an Qin Tian and China Red Blood Industries, expanding the number of slurry stations and filling the slurry gap areas (e.g., Shaanxi Province).
In advance of the acquisition of 21.03 per cent of the Pyramid stock held by the winner, if it were successfully acquired, the blood plate slurch of Chinese biology would have reached 4,000 tons (about 1400 tons in 2024, 2781 tons + piranha). Chinese biology has issued a letter of commitment, within five years of the conclusion of this acquisition.
We believe that in five years, the company will be able to rise to international slurry giants of over 4,000 tons through the integration of Pyramid organisms.
• Profit forecasts and investment proposals are about 28 times higher, and companies, as domestic blood industry champions, are home-grown + extended mergers and acquisitions to become international blood-rich giants, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Risks; increased industry competition and higher risk of M & As valuation; overvalued return risk, systemic risk.