Maintenance of steady growth in harvests, short-term growth in Māori rates and profits
□: Chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn Song Liao Dynasty
At the R & D level, 1. Chengdu has completed clinical trials for adults and adolescents (aged 12) in the iii population.
• Effectively improved haemorrhage and signs of persons with haemophiliaa/b accompanying inhibitors, delivered in January 2025
Completion of the iii clinical trial and submission of the country ' s first application for a listing permit for the treatment of pathogenic (pid) and secondary (sid) immuno-deficiency disorders, which sustains the steady concentration of ig blood in the body and effectively reduces the incidence of severe bacterial infections (sbi), and the absence of such products in the country, in international markets
(csl, takeda, grifols products. 3) Injection of recombinant human coagulation factor wii-fc integration.
At the marketing level, since 2024, companies have focused on the export and internationalization of products, the development of new products on the international market and the export of products such as C, B and B.
Investment proposal: Astronomy is a leading domestic blood company, with 107 single-smelling stations with a projected capacity of 4,000-5,000 tons of plasma treatment and a capacity to catch up with the international first-line blood company.
At the same time, companies are rich in pipelines, potential products are expected to be marketed, and profits from ton slurry are expected to improve continuously (600161.sh): performance growth is higher than expected, slurry is maintained higher (600161.sh): o2 performance growth is higher than expected, and new products are expected to be marketed.
3. [Galaxy’s] company evaluation report _ Skybasin organisms (600161.sh): q3 short-term performance pressure, resulting in higher long-term performance demand than expected; product sales below expected risk; R & D progress below expected risk.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.