Science and technology (68808.sh) The company, as the first venturer, uses the memory interface chip as its main product, using the industry standards of thetables and occupying a major share of the global market. The memory interface chip accounts for the company’s revenues.
At the same time, the company takes the time to develop a catcher cpu and a hybrid security memory module that can be used in cloud computing data centres to provide strong support for the big data and artificial intelligence age. The business is expected to be a future increase in corporate revenue.
The net profit for both years is positive and the accumulated net profit is no less than RMB 50 million, or the market value is expected to be no less than RMB 1 billion, the net profit for the last year has been positive and the business income is not low, and the number of memory interface chips is expected to rise at the same time.
With the launch of the National Integrated Circuit Industry Development Promotion Programme, China’s integrated circuit industry has grown rapidly, with the advent of cloud computing, 5g, and the ai era, driving the server’s growth. As the load capacity for server data storage and processing needs to rise, the server is configured.
The demand for the initial price (RMB) of the RAM will also grow rapidly. Thus, the growth rate of the RAM chip is expected to rise to a higher level. At the same time, with the ddr5 technology, the unit price of the chip will also rise.
The company is technologically advanced, occupying a major share of the global market, the memory interface chip has higher barriers to industry, and technology, with ddr4, is completely cushioned by 1+9.
Singapore architecture, successful international standard-setting, international mainstream memory, server and cloud entry of related products
In the area of computing, the major share of the global market, the size of the global memory interface chip market in 18 years, about $570 million, with companies accounting for the second largest share (45 per cent) in the world, after idt.
The long R & D cycle of the chip industry, the high risk of input, the fast pace of upgrading the integrated circuit industry, and the continuous innovation of chip companies require companies to have sufficiently precise judgement about the market to keep the product up to market change, win and consolidate the company.
Kristina, competitive advantage and market position. Because of the long development cycle and higher input, if you judge the executive director, the research department.
At the same time, the movement of core skilled personnel is at the risk of losing core technology, with adverse effects on competition. The era of ddr5 is approaching, if companies are not able to remain in the lead.
Choi Shi Jia, How-War, set industry standards for ddr5, and companies have the potential to be phased out by the industry. Intruding technology with memory interface chips as a core product, while also consuming electronic chip operations and capture server platforms.
For generations of memory interface dddr4, the company invented the framework of the "1+9" distributed buffer memory subsystems, one of the criteria for ddr4, reflecting the company's excellent level of technology. Strong R & D capabilities made the company a global research asset transfer for consumer chip operations, with the share of memory interface chips in the company's products continuously increasing after the transfer was completed.
Increased. In 2018, 1.28 billion yuan (US$ 255 million) was added to the operating income of technology, 99 per cent of which was contributed by memory interface chips, accounting for 44.7 per cent of the global RAM chip market, after 49.9 per cent of idt. Market share of memory interface chips (2018)
The company’s growth rate has remained constant at over 40% in the last three years, with net profits growing at a two-fold rate in 2018, with the relative total cost well controlled by higher yields, bringing the company’s Māori ratio to over 70% in 2018. At the same time, the company’s Roe has remained at around 35% in the last two years, and has distributed about $300 million in cash dividends in 2018 in return for investors.
The overall Māori ratio of comparable firms is different from company to company as a whole, mainly due to differences in the share of memory interface chip products within companies, but both Rambus, idt, and companies with a relatively large market for three memory interfaces in technology show high Māori characteristics. For the country, there is no correlation.
With firms competing for technology products, we have chosen to compare the more similar top-of-the-shelf technologies and magnostic innovations, and we can see that the profitability of firms is significantly higher than the national average for the design industry. With the above analysis, we expect the memory interface chip industry to grow in the future as technologies such as 5g, artificial intelligence, and so on.
For companies with stable customers and suppliers, the ability to take the lead in ddr5 technology is a key factor in the company’s ability to maintain its industrial leadership, further increase the Māori ratio of its main business, and achieve high growth rates. We rate the “a+” of technological profitability.
The company’s main business is RAM chips, which were transferred to the consumer chip business assets in 2017, and after the transfer, the company’s products included RAM chips and a ZIP server platform.
As demand for server memory markets continues to grow in the big data age, the memory interface chip has been rapidly raised for sale. The unit price will decline over the life cycle of a generation of products in the memory chip, as production increases, but as technology evolves, the new product will be re-sold at a higher price. Thus, the memory interface chip product will be sold between 2017 and 2018.
According to the regional distribution of operating income, companies had the highest sales earnings in mainland China, South Korea and Singapore, with the 17-year South Korean revenue ratio fluctuations mainly due to the 2017 primary three-star electronic-related business.
As a result of the procurement of the company by Samsung Su State as the subject of the transaction, suppliers and customers concentration of customers and suppliers
From the point of view of suppliers, the company uses the business model of the Fables, in which crystal-round workers are entrusted primarily with the use of Fuxton Electronics and Stations, containment tests are entrusted mainly to Starfleet and silicon technology, and suppliers are more concentrated, with some negative impact on the company ' s performance in the event of an unexpected event of force majeure on the part of the supplier, or when the supplier ' s production capacity is strained.
In terms of clients, the top five clients of the company are relatively concentrated, mainly because of the higher concentration of enterprises in the downstream dram market, where the top three players in the industry, Electronics, Hercules, and LightTech, account for more than 90% of the market share of the company’s main customers. As a result, the company is closely connected with its customers and already covers the main players in the downstream market.
Business income contributed by households has never exceeded 30 per cent and there is no significant reliance on a single customer.The ratio of corporate receivables and inventory turnover to comparable firms in the same industry is as follows:
The steady growth of corporate operations was ensured by a combination of strong and good credit conditions and the timely return of receivables. 17 years of decline in the turnover of accounts receivable was due mainly to the fact that the company had left consumer electronic business uncollected, while the interface chip became 99 per cent of the company ' s business over 18 years, while the memory interface chip credit period was more consumer than the electronic core.
Longer, resulting in lower turnover of corporate accounts receivable as a whole. The increase in corporate stock turnover was mainly due to the optimization of the inventory management system by the Division of Public Administration, which reduced inventory amounts.
While the firm ' s ability to make a profit has fluctuated over the past three years, owing to the fact that the company ' s net cash flow and net profits have increased at a much faster rate than the net operating cash flow, stable business transactions between the company and its customers have ensured a steady increase in net operating cash flows, with net cash sales and net profit ratios sold in 2018 leading to industry levels.
Combining the above analysis, we gave the company a “a” rating in terms of the quality of the benefits. Since its inception, technology has focused on continuous technological R & D and product innovation, with companies having their own integrated circuit design platforms, and having invented the ddr4 full buffer 1+9 processing, which was eventually adopted by the international standards of Jedec, which is global.
One of the major suppliers of the full/semi-buffer complete solution from ddr2 to ddr4 has important voice rights. As of 1 April 2019, the company had 90 domestic and foreign patents mandated. The company is currently actively involved in the development of the ddr5jedec standard.
The R & D expenditure and R & D rates of comparable companies are as follows: millions of dollars. R & D costs specifically comprise R & D personnel  sales personnel  managers
The company is committed to technological innovation in integrated circuits, focusing on continuous high investment in R & D, with the R & D sector accounting for 71 per cent of the total workforce, the remuneration of employees accounting for 63.8 per cent of R & D inputs, and R & D expenditure accounting for a higher share of business income than industry averages.
In the future, companies will continue to invest more in research and development, enhance technological innovation, enrich technological reserves, actively and securely contribute to the advancement of ddr5 projects, and to the development of a combination of safe memory modules, using the huge increase in the value of the memory interface chip industry.
The company’s equity structure is fragmented, all shareholders are not in a position to control the company alone, and there are no shareholders and actual shareholders in the company. In this case, the company’s departments, management, board of directors, stock-holders’ general meeting are divided in decision-making and exercise their powers according to the relevant system.
Ensuring and improving the efficiency of decision-making. However, the absence of real shareholders in the company makes it possible for the company to be the object of acquisition when it is listed, which can lead to a change in the control of the company and adversely affect the steady development of its operations and operations.5 Comparable corporate financial indicators and valuation methods are available.
Based on the science and technology offer, we have chosen to compare technology and innovation among the country’s listed companies. The technology gain is 40.12%, compared to the annual market gain in 2018 for the two companies in the same industry, which is one-two% of the industry’s average.
The company, with its net profits multiplied and its net profits were close to the top technology in 2018, we think the market gives a low rate of market gain. And its market sales rate of 16.82 is slightly lower than the top technology of 17.52, the company's market value, and technology research and development is not matched to the client's needs at risk of loss.
This report may be used as a basis for consolidating proposals or products for portfolio advisory services to clients receiving their portfolio investment advisory services.
If Chinese individual clients receive this report from any external source, they should not make investment decisions directly on the basis of the studies obtained; they need to consult fully with portfolio investment advisers to make independent investment decisions.