The world's leading memory interface chip provider is the main business in technology (688008). The company is the leading integrated circuit design company in industry, one of the only three memory interface chip providers in the world.
The main business model is the Fabless model, under which businesses focus only on integrated circuit design and marketing in the industrial chain, while the rest are commissioned and sold to clients by the company for testing chip products. The company’s main business is to provide chip-based solutions in the area of cloud computing and artificial intelligence.
The company-invented ddr4 fully buffer “1+9” architecture has been adopted as an international standard and is now one of the major global providers of full buffer/semi-buffer solutions from ddr2 to ddr4, with the inner interface chip market at the second highest in the world. Industry position and competitive advantage.
One of the main suppliers of semi-buffer complete solutions. The ddr4 fully buffered "1+9" architecture, built up by technology, was adopted as an international standard by jedec, whose products have successfully entered the mainstream international memory, server and cloud computing fields and occupied a major share of the global market. Since its creation, the company has focused on continuous technology R & D and product innovation, with its own integrated circuit design platform, including digital signals.
High integration of programmes to improve system energy efficiency and product performance; downstream customers, as internationally known chip-sets companies, whose core products are now widely used on various servers, directly serving the main players in the dram market
A large number of well-known Internet companies and server producers, both domestic and foreign, are leading the competition in the area of internal storage interface chips, leading to a breakthrough in this area in the country’s primary R & D products, and overall evaluation and valuation proposals. The country’s integrated circuits are starting late, although progress has been evident in recent years, but the overall level of technology, research and development is real.
The power, manufacturing processes, and international leading semiconductor enterprises are still quite different, with high-end core components, such as cpu, gpu, backbone chips, radio-frequency chips and high-speed interfaces, still dominated by imports. The boom in the domestic downstream market in recent years has increased demand for high-end chips, and our trade deficit in integrated circuits has been widening year after year. In recent years, we have also experienced mid-surgent events and the Fu Jianhua incident.
The long-term development of countries is possible only if they are not subject to human constraints in the core technological field. Thus, the United States has agreed to export core parts to China, which is expected to ease short-term supply-chain pressure from China, but will not delay the long-term process of replacing our national production in the integrated circuits sector. As our leading integrated circuit design company, the company’s main business is to provide chip-based solutions in the fields of cloud computing and artificial intelligence.
The cloud computing industry is now booming. According to data from the China Institute of Information and Communication Technology, our cloud computing industry is expected to grow steadily over the next few years, reaching 95.570 billion yuan in market size by 2021. The company’s operations are expected to benefit.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.