On November 15, 2018, the project was launched. On July 22, 2019, the project was launched.
The main technology business is to provide a chip-based solution in the field of cloud computing and artificial intelligence, and the main products currently include memory interface chips, a Jin capture server cpu, and a mixed security memory module. After years of accumulation of research and development, corporate products are highly recognized in the industry and should be widely accepted.
For use in data centres, cloud computing and artificial intelligence to meet the demands of a new generation of servers for high performance, high reliability and high safety.
Over a decade of deep cultivation in the internal storage interface chip area, the company became one of the major global providers of full buffer/semi-buffer solutions ranging from ddr2 to ddr4. The ddr4 full buffer of technological inventions was implemented by jedec (the leading standard agency in the global microelectronics industry).
By adopting international standards, its products have successfully entered the mainstream international memory, server, and cloud computing domain, and occupy a major share of the global market. Companies, with high-speed, low-capacity technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights, are committed for the long term to a new generation.
The server platform provides high-performance memory interface solutions that fully meet the jedec criteria. As the jedec standards and memory technology evolve, the company has launched a high-level ddr2 memory buffer, a dddr3 depository buffer and a memory buffer, a dddr4 sender clock drive and a data buffer.
ddr2fbdimm (full buffer double-column straight plug-in module), ddr3 and ddr4rdimm (sending double-column straight-plug-in module) and lrdim (reduce double-column straight-plug-in module). The company feeds deep into the server internal interface chip market with the global community.
Mainstream processor suppliers, server manufacturers, memory module manufacturers, and software system providers have established long-term and stable partnerships.
Since 2016, technology has been working with Intel and Qinghua University to develop Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xi
cpu is a series of x86 architecture processors with pre-detection and dynamic security monitoring features that are applied to  or other common server platforms.
The Intelx86 processor is based on the dsc technology of Qinghua University, which combines the hybrid security memory module (hsdimm) with the technology to form a X-ray server platform that provides a chip-grade dynamic security monitoring function for the cloud computing server. In addition, Qinghua @cpu integrates advanced differences.
Build computing and interconnection technologies that can provide a powerful integrated data service for future artificial intelligence and big data applications Combined security memory modules using memory monitoring techniques that enable technology to own intellectual property rights (mont-icmt)
Provides a more secure and reliable memory solution for the high-end server platform. Two series of hybrid secure memory modules are being rolled out: a standard version mixed security memory module (hsdimm§) and a simple version combined security memory module (hsdimm-lite), which can provide different levels of application scenarios.
The server platform is a high-performance, secure, controlled and credible server platform, especially for data centres with high data security requirements, which is largely captured by technology.
A series of servers, cpu, and a mixed safety memory module to promote autonomous intellectual property rights in science and technology, which was successfully developed at the end of 2018 and has now entered the marketing phase, are the very few integrated electricity companies in the country that have established leadership positions through autonomous research and development in the area of disaggregation.
Road design firms. Depending on China’s markets, funds and policies, companies rely on their own technology for research and development, with less than expected risks, with less than expected risks; with less than expected risks, with research and development; and with lower demand risks in downstream industries: 4, server operations do not develop as much as expected.
Appendix: Corporate Financial Forecasting Table (millions of dollars)
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.