São Paulo shares (300661) Electronic performance growth in line with expectations, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) with scarce national simulation chip targets
During the reporting period, the company introduced nearly 100 new products and continued to increase its outreach to traditional and emerging markets, resulting in steady growth in performance. “Big Industries, Small Targets.” The market space for the simulation chip design industry is wide: the country’s Simulation Integrated Circuit Market
In recent years, growth has been steady, significantly exceeding the growth rate of the global simulated chip market. China’s simulation chip market is expected to remain at a compound rate of about 10% in the next three years. In 2020, China’s simulation chip market is expected to reach 265.5 billion yuan in size and market space.
There is a huge market for simulation chip downstream applications, and companies are growing in space as the scarce target of the current home-grown simulation chip industry. Upstream and downstream resource advantages, companies continue to develop high-quality customers.
The providers of the encapsulation testing services are, inter alia, long-power technology, micro-electricity, and X-Du Dynasty, one of which is the world's largest crystal-crystal manufacturer, accounting for more than 90% of the company's supply of crystal-crystals, with sufficient assurance of process, technology, and productivity. On the one hand, the company works with North High-Tech, Mae-Chung, Tombo, chess Harbour, and others.
At the same time, companies have established long-term and stable partnerships with senior electronic component distributors, such as Newly Founded and Cyber United; on the other hand, companies maintain close ties with large end-users, such as conjectures and rainbows. At the same time, companies have developed long-term and stable partnerships with senior electronic component distributors, and are actively developing high-quality customer resources.
Markets are highly competitive, companies focus on core technology. Simulation chip suppliers, both in the global market and in the Chinese market, are dominated by Euro-American firms. Companies, in terms of market share and volume of products, have a gap with major national producers, such as ti, infinion, nxp, analogdevices.
China's excellent analogue-ic designers, which continuously strengthens the technology development and technological innovation capabilities of companies, continue with core technology research and development. During the reporting period, companies invested $4,538.08 million in research and development, representing 15.96 per cent of corporate income, and completed the development of nearly 100 new products covering both signal chains and power management.
In addition, during the reporting period, the company created a new research and development team in Dalian by acquiring assets, while recruiting industry-renowned technical and management experts from abroad to join the company and strengthen the company’s research and development capabilities.
Since its inception, the company has developed and sold simulation chips. Since its inception, the company has introduced linear stabilizers, discharges, simulation switches, audio performance, video filters, dc/dc converters,
Lithium battery chargers, led drives, etc., more than 1,000 analog chip products. Extensive applications in communications, consumer electronics, industrial controls, medical instruments, auto electrons, and more than 100 breakdowns.
The power management chip covers mainly the led drive circuits and non-drive power management products such as linear stabilizers, dc/dc converters, cpu power monitoring circuits, lithium battery charge management chips, overpressure protection and load switches.
The company is part of the integrated circuit design industry. The integrated circuit design business model consists of both idm and fabless. The idm is a vertically integrated manufacturing model, and the enterprise has exclusive crystals in addition to integrated circuit development.
The business model adopted by the company is the Fabless model, the main advantage of which is that the company only needs to organize research and development groups.
Teaming and building test laboratories without the need to purchase expensive production plants and equipment, and the sensitivity of the market for the canss manufacturers, which is more focused on changing demand for market products, responding quickly to market demand, and introducing new products suitable for market development.
Under the Fables business model, the product design R & D component is at the heart of the company’s operations. The R & D process of the company’s products can be divided into lines, implementation, testing and volume production, each with a corresponding and effective breakdown of the process and figure 3: R & D flow chart of the company’s new products
In the Fabless model, the chip design company purchases the crystal circle from the crystal manufacturer and hands it over to the encapsulation test plant to complete the chip production.
Technology and electricity, access to micro-electricity, and Chengdu. The concentration rate of the top four suppliers of the company has remained at over 99% for the last three years, of which power generation accounts for more than 90% of the supply of company crystals.The higher concentration of suppliers is one of the characteristics of the design industry, which has a concentration in the upstream sector, especially the crystal round industry.
It's extremely high, selling more than half of the world's entire crystal circle plant, and it's five times as high as the second. Crystal manufacturing is capital-intensive, technology-intensive, industry-intensive, and power generation is the world's largest crystal-cycle manufacturer, with more mature and advanced crafts, producing crystals with better rates and consistency, and more leading chip designs in the industry.
Companies choose to use it as a transistor. The sealing industry has a relatively low concentration because of its relatively low demand for financial and technological inputs compared to crystallized manufacturing.
In line with the practices of the integrated circuit industry and the characteristics of the enterprise itself, the company uses a sales model that is “predominant and directly supported by distribution,” with sales revenue accounting for more than 95% of total revenue.
In addition, the company uses a more widespread model of external sales in the industry, where the main product is sold in Hong Kong and Hong Kong, where Hong Kong's wholly-owned subsidiary is primarily responsible for sales outside the country.
Figure 4: Corporate sales flow chart 2
The company's main products are signal chain simulation chips and power management type simulation chips, of which signal chain simulation chips are used mainly for mobile power sources, consumer electronics dominated by machine capboxes, and smart manufacturing, safety-based industrial areas, power management models.
This increase, from 46.26 per cent in 2012 to 59.51 per cent in the first half of 2018, is mainly due to the wide variety of power-type products, their wide range of applications and their scope for development, the rapid development of the domestic mobile phone market, the recent growth in corporate power-management products, the steady increase in corporate operating income and net profits attributable to parent companies, and the realization of corporate revenue in the first half of 2018.
With 284 million yuan, an increase of 26.25 per cent in the same year; with 41 million yuan in the net return to the mother, an increase of 26.01 per cent in the same year. Corporate sales and revenues continue to grow, benefiting from the expansion in the area of downstream mobile-based communications and consumer electronics dominated by mobile power sources, machine-top boxes, on the one hand, and through continuous innovation in research and development, on the other hand, the company continues to introduce new products and develop new ones.
Clients, which led to faster growth in the scale of corporate sales, have adopted a more widespread pattern of external sales in the industry, with Hong Kong and Macao serving as the main marketing area. In the first half of 2018, the Department achieved $192 million in operating income in the Hong Kong and Macao regions, accounting for 67.61 per cent of total operating income; and mainland China recorded revenue.
This is mainly due to the fact that the electronics industry in the European and American regions has developed ahead of the rest of the world, with a large number of well-known brands and manufacturers, and that Hong Kong, as the traditional Asian-Pacific electronics trading hub, will normally set up offshore procurement platforms in Hong Kong and then package with other electronic components for sale to end-users or to end-users.
In recent years, Māori sales by companies have remained largely on a year-to-year upward trend, with Māori sales rates in the first half of 2018.
The semiconductor industry is characterized by a downward trend in sales prices and Māori rates as products become widely available, but industrial manufacturers may maintain a higher Māori rate for the development and renewal of new products. But the company is a leading home-grown model chip design company, combined with a number of internationally recognized enterprises such as adi, linear, maxim, ti, silergy, etc.
There are still some gaps in Māori levels, mainly because the international giants such as the dodi, ti and others have a wide variety of products, a strong R & D capability, a strong market-ownership advantage, and a technological and capital strength to phase out low Māori product lines, which can lead to a modest overall upward trend in Māori rates for sub-products, corporate signal chain products and power management products.
The overall Māori rate for signal chain products is higher than for power management products, mainly because companies are actively developing the applications of signal chain products in the industrial domain, while the unit cost of products in the industrial sector is higher than the price of sales.The most obvious change in the cost of the period is the annual increase in R&D costs, with companies increasing their investment in R&D over the years.
The firm’s commitment to technological innovation and its efforts to enhance the firm’s core competitiveness is demonstrated. In addition, the company’s workforce has maintained a growth rate of more than 20% per year, which has ensured sustained growth in its performance, both in R & D and in sales. In the first half of 2018, by acquiring assets, a new R & D team was formed in Dalian, together with the recruitment of well-known technologists and management experts from overseas.
Joining the company has strengthened its R & D capabilities. Assuming that 1: the company ' s power-management products remain high at 25%, 30%, and 30% for the next three years due to higher customer concentration, while benefiting from the company ' s differentiated routing, the company ' s power-management products remain at 37% left for the next three years
Assumption 2: As companies increase their R & D investment in signal chain products, their sales of signal chain products will remain at 20%, 25% and 25% growth over the next three years; the company signal chain products will actively expand the areas of high Māori industrial control, and over the next three years we have selected semiconductor industry taps for valuation, which are Slanwa, the purple core, and the national micro.
Taking into account the valuations of national production chips and the company's expected growth in performance over the last three years, the company's scarcity as a national production simulation chip design area is the only enterprise in the country that covers both power management and signal chain products, with the company's projected eps of $1.95 in 2019, for the first time, with an “enhancement” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.