The performance of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre is summarized: the company achieved operating income of $1.96 billion in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 5.7 per cent over the same period.
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was 1.01 billion yuan, an increase of 2.5 per cent over the same period. • The company’s operations have been steadily advancing, with a steady increase in revenue. In the first half of 2020, desktop communications operations suffered a 6.1 per cent decline in sales performance compared to the previous year as a result of the epidemic; and, in the case of conference products, companies have continued to increase their research, development and sales.
With the investment of extensive resources, sales performance has increased by 41.5%; the outbreak has also spurred the need for individuals to work remotely, and the sales performance of the company’s cloud office terminals has increased rapidly in the first half of the year, reaching an increase of 180%. The company’s performance in the third quarter has begun to return to normal productive activity as the domestic epidemic has been under control.
In the first half of the year, the demand for office space on the personal and business lines grew rapidly, and the company’s office terminal operations benefited from this trend.
At the same time, companies are actively promoting the transition of videoconferencing from dedicated video to cloud viewing, and last year the company launched the Alliance of 100 Million Conferences and Business Synthesis, which further refined the continued high investment in public product development to respond to the needs of users.
In the first half of the year, R & D inputs accounted for 8.7% of corporate sales and nearly 50% of corporate R & D and technology service providers. At present, companies have conducted an in-depth analysis of clients from different groups, and have introduced t2, t4, t5, dect and
The net return profit over the next three years will grow at a compound rate of 21.8%. Given the gradual slowdown in the second half of the year, the demand for cloud office end-products continues to grow, maintaining a “holding” rating.
BGW Network (300628): Performance is controlled by the epidemic, and the product ' s future (2020-08-18) is vast in scope and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.