Wally Group hualiindustrialgroup (300979ch) 3q25 Māori ring improvement, 3q25 Marginsequentiallyimproved, drivenbycosttopmizationandprofitabilityoffewplants
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forengrishsummary) 3q25 Māori ratio has improved, and cost optimization supports profitability.
Quarterly Wally Group revenue earned $18,680 million, an increase of 10.4 per cent, corresponding to 3q25 million, a slight decline of 0.3 per cent. 9m25 gross profit was $4.10 billion, 9m25 R & D costs were between +34 and 318 million, while management costs were lower.
45% to 514 million yuan, mainly due to a decrease in the performance pay bill; 17% increase in sales costs over the same year, mainly due to higher interest payments and exchange losses. Environmentally affected by the interest rates of the Vietnamese and Indonesian guilders, companies have adopted a fund management strategy for “deposit of the dollar to the Vietnamese guilder” in the short term.
The increase in the size of the borrowing led to an increase in overall interest spending. Meanwhile, the 3q25 VND was devalued against the US dollar, while the appreciation of the Taiwan dollar and the renminbi increased the loss on exchange. 9m25 operating profits were $3.21 billion, a decline of 11.8% compared to the previous year, corresponding to 3q25 operating profits of $1.05 billion compared to the same amount.
As a result of the increase in tax payments and employee remuneration expenditures, the 3q25 passenger unit price increased, and the client went to stock to drag orders up. The 3q25 Walli Group achieved revenues of $6.02 billion, or 0.3 per cent, and sales were about 51 million pairs, down the same period.
The downside is mainly affected by the stocking of core clients, where sulfurized shoe brands are held up by the stock-taking and weak demand, which is expected to change overall order growth in the coming year, primarily benefiting from branders or further optimizing the industry chain.
There is a drop in the pressure to go to stock, on the one hand, and supply chain optimization and the release of new products or the prospect of a recovery. To compensate for the weakness of old brands’ orders, companies are actively expanding new brands by adding value, and (2) actively upgrading the supply of existing brands.
In addition, collaborative projects with key new brands have been steadily advancing, with Sichuan and Indonesian new plant production continuously climbing, with the first nine months of delivery meeting expectations. The overall client structure has evolved to diversify, contribute to increased performance resilience and reduce the risk of single brand fluctuations.
Three out of the four new plants that were put into operation have already made a profit, while the fourth is still on the slope, and management is expected to be able to make a difference in the next two quarters. Moreover, the first plant in Indonesia has made a profit in the course of the year, giving confidence to management to continue to expand Indonesian production capacity.
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ All ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ the ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ the ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ All the ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ the ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ The the ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ The the ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ The the the ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪