CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
China Construction Bank (601939 CH)
BUY (Initiation)
Quality growth despite some margin pressure
Target Price
Up/Downside
+26.6%
Current Price
On 28 Aug, CCB reported 1H19 net profit of RMB 154.2bn, up 4.9% YoY and
PPoP had a decent growth of 6.7% YoY. Net interest income rose moderately
China Banking Sector
by 4.6% YoY as margin narrowed, yet non-interest income (incl. fees, trading
gains, and investment return) picked up 12.8% YoY. Thanks to slower
Terry Sun, CFA
expansion in opex and impairment charges, bottom-line earnings grew faster at
5.5%% YoY in 2Q19 (vs 4.2% YoY in 1Q19). 1H19 annualized ROE declined
1ppt YoY to 15.9%, still the highest of the Big-4 banks. We initiate coverage
on CCB A-share with BUY rating.
Karen Sui
■ Results positive: 1) 1H19 net fee income was up 11.1% YoY, driven by
bank card, wealth management, and electronic banking services. As a result,
CCB's non-interest income as of total revenue increased 1.5ppt YoY to
27.2%; 2) Asset quality continued to improve, as NPL ratio fell 3bp QoQ
Stock Data
Mkt Cap (RMB mn)
1,339,944
to 1.43% and provision coverage climbed 3.8ppt to 218%. However, we note
Avg 3 mths t/o (RMB mn)
that overdue loans rebounded 18.2% HoH, and we would seek for
52w High/Low (RMB)
7.85/6.19
management's explanation during results briefing. 3) Credit growth was
Total Issued Shares (mn)
9,594 (A)
prudent. The Bank maintained a stable growth in mortgage (+5.3% HoH)
240,417 (H)
while reduced personal consumption loan (-17.1% HoH). Lending to utility
Source: Bloomberg
and construction segments, and discounted bills accounted for near 50% of
Shareholding Structure
new corporate loans. 4) Capital position remained strongest in the
sector, as CET 1/total CAR only slid 13bp/8bp QoQ to 13.7%/17.1% due to
appropriation of cash dividend in 2Q19.
Share Performance
■ Results negative: 1) 2Q19 NIM contracted 4bp QoQ to 2.25%, as liability
cost went up faster than asset yield. Given higher proportion of deposit
funding, CCB may not benefit as much as most joint-stock peers during
monetary loosening, but we believe the weaker margin trend was within
expectation. 2) Proportion of demand deposit fell 0.5% HoH to 53.1%,
Source: Bloomberg
leading to rising deposit cost thereby smaller net interest spread. 3) Asset
12-mth Price Performance
growth slowed to 0.8% in 2Q19 from 4.2% in 1Q19, as interbank assets
pulled back 17% QoQ.
■ Initiate CCB-A with BUY rating and RMB 8.8 TP. We expect a positive
share price reaction to 1H19 results. CCB-A currently trades at 0.83x FY19E
P/B, in line with its past 5-year mean. Our TP of RMB 8.8 is based on GGM-
derived target P/B of 1.05x and FY19E BPS of RMB 8.3.
Earnings Summary
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: PwC
Related Reports
Softer earnings but stronger risk
Steady improvement in all aspects -
Decent earnings growth with resilient
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Valuation
We use Gordon Growth Model to derive the TP for CCB-A. Our key assumptions include:
1) Cost of equity of 12.5%, 2) Sustainable ROE of 13.0%; 3) Long-term growth rate of
3.0%. Our TP of RMB 8.8 is based on a target P/B of 1.05 x and FY19E BVPS of RMB
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the
securities or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the
subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views
expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the
date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this
report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all
investors. CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual
investment objectives, financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events
may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not
guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS
recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a
professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any
security or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants,
directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying
on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or
correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change
without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect
different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions
that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for
itself and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other
business relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that
could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended
recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without
prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a
copy of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other
person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial
Adviser as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may
distribute reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under
Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor,
Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal
6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.