Coal quality, low cost, large space-injected coal industry (601225.sh) Western coal carrier
The company's resource endowment is excellent, with 12 of the mines produced at the national level. At present, the company's combined statement of 13 mines (including the Mandaco coal mine) has a combined capacity of 87 million tons, a yield of 58.27 million tons, and six advanced production mines identified by the China Coal Association (national).
Continuous improvements in railway capacity will effectively reduce the cost of company transport. Companies are currently facing serious bottlenecks in rail transport, high costs, and limited access. In the future, railway capacity will improve significantly, and transport costs will decrease significantly, thus ensuring coal sales.
In the south-central region, companies are channelled mainly to the south-central market via the sealine, the Chinese line, the Chinese line, the Chinese line, and the Huo Moon line. In the south-central region, companies are channelled mainly to the south-central market through the sea line, the Ningxi line, and the north-western market, where companies are transported mainly by road and using the Chinese railway to reach the north market.
In Southwest, through the West End Line, the Line Two, the South West Market, and the current multi-industrial integration of the thorean coal group, the thorean coal industry has been able to secure revenue from sales in the thangxi coal industry.
In 2015, the group achieved 127 million tons of original coal production, 1.227 million tons of major chemical products, 21.1 million tons of major steel and steel products, and 216 billion degrees of electricity generation.
The coal industry has benefited from the demand for coal from the group’s new coal industry and power plant projects. The country’s reforms have led to an infusion of assets.
The two main sectors of business, power, steel, logistics, and so on, have diversified and complementary industrial patterns, coal industry, and power plates, all of which will be in the direction of future asset injections. Meanwhile, as the only listed platform under the corporate flag, the coal industry in Xinxi Province is less concentrated, and resource integration is expected to be strong.
In the future, the coal market patterns will gradually change as atmospheric pollution is further reduced, and as attention is paid to the safe production of coal mines. High coal prices, high-cost mining, high gas, rings.
We believe that the potential of companies to adapt to the future development of the coal market will continue to be released. We predict that the net profits of the company’s shareholders in 2016-2018 will be attributable to the parent company.
(i) Aluminum Coalification Group — the only ultra-large coal group in Shaanxi Province