Co-operation with the Biontech, in the field of mrna vaccines, recommenced medical tracking point evaluation 1) Car-t product, kili silo injection fluid (programming) (code fkc876, anti-human cd19car-t)
Cell Injection fluids) have been included in the priority review process for the listing of medicines. (2) The re-star pharmaceutical industry has been licensed to develop and commercialize vaccine products for covid-19 exclusively in the region, based on its mrna technology platform, and the re-star pharmaceutical industry will pay out to biontech up to the agreed maximum.
The licence fee of $85 million (including initial payments, clinical development registration and sales milestones) is charged to 35 per cent of the annual Māori for the product during the agreed period of sale.fkc876 is the country's first reported car-t product, which is included in the priority review to accelerate commercialization progress.
The fkc876 was introduced from kite, a United States-listed anti-soldier cd19car-t cell injection, which is currently approved by the cde clinical trial in August 2018 by the Unit in comparison with a 300-deep liquid (commodity name yescarta).
Clinical trials have been completed for the treatment of re-emerging large b-cell lymphoma in China. fkc876 is the country’s first reported car-t product, which we expect to be marketed by the end of 2020, with the possibility of becoming the first car-t product to be marketed in the country.
The inclusion of this priority review has given the company a better lead in the car-t field. The development of the covid-19 vaccine product, in collaboration with the Biontech, has accelerated the layout of the mrna vaccine field \triangleright
The company is expected to quickly develop an innovative vaccine research and development platform in collaboration with Mrna’s pioneers in the field of treatment. Currently, the biontech vaccine product for covid-19 is in the pre-clinical research phase in Germany and has not yet been developed in the region (i.e. mainland China and Hong Kong and Atota).
The collaboration between the frontline treatment company Biontech, which is expected to quickly build up a technical platform in the field of innovative vaccine development (especially in the field of oncology vaccine development, where the product has entered clinical stage ii, leading in progress) and participation in the acquisition of the shares of the biontech (about $50 million).
Further collaboration provides room for imagination. mrna vaccine safety high-development cycles are short, and looks forward to the company's development in mrna vaccine research and development \triangleright
The mrna vaccine has a clear advantage, is safer and has a shorter development cycle. Unlike the detoxification vaccine, the mrna vaccine does not have an infection-related risk and can improve vaccination safety. Moreover, since the mrna vaccine passes through a cellular body 1.
Extra-recording processes, which are relatively simple and faster than traditional vaccines, can respond more effectively to outbreaks of disease, creating a dominant position and demand for vaccine products. The mrna vaccine for the new crown is developed by Moderna, from recognition of the virus to entry into a healthy human body.
2. In-depth research by the company Resembly Medicines (600196): The experiment, which took only 42 days, demonstrated the strong advantages of mrna vaccines.
Look at the future of the company in mrna vaccine research and development. Now that the first case of a health test has been completed on March 16 in the United States by a competitor, mrna, we expect that the new vaccine developed in collaboration with the Biontech will be validated by pre-clinical research, given the country’s high clinical demand for the new vaccine.
We believe that future preventive and therapeutic vaccine development is expected to become a priority area for pharmaceutical development, and that companies, in partnership with the Biontech, are expected to lead in mrna vaccine development and look forward to future developments in mrna vaccines, including oncology.
Given the long life cycle of vaccine development, we expect that there will be no significant impact on corporate income and net profits in the short term, and therefore industry leads by maintaining a “recommended” rating. Reviews are not as fast as expected; product sales are not as expected; market competition risks; and clinical results are not as high as expected.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.