The first car-t production in China was reported by the Medical Health Research Centre.
Yesterday, the company ' s co-contributor, Recentenary Kate, received a Receivable Notice of Receivable, which was accepted by the National Drug Control Service for the listing of pharmaceutical products for re-emerging large-cell lymphoma treatment for adults, using the albedo (draft anti-human cd19car-t cell injection fluid).
The country's first car-t production declaration was accepted, and the company's company, the company investment consortium, was set up in 2017/04, followed by the successful acquisition of the ind clinical clearance in 2018/08, and recently declared production and admission through a nine-month bridge test.
A new page of Chinese cell therapy has been opened by the listing application of Quantico Quete, which was introduced from Kitepharma, acquired the right to technology and commercialization in mainland China, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the Macao Special Administrative Region, and is scheduled to be implemented locally in China (excluding the Hong Kong and Atota region).
Over 10,000 potential patients are expected to suffer from relapsing lymphoma, and the range is expected to be below price 1. " Performance meets expectations, withholding non-q3 seasons increases faster than in the United States market: yescarta has worked well, has been on the market for more than two years and has been sold $4.56 annually.
This paragraph of Kate's cart product is the same drug as the U.S. 's already marketed 'Yescarta' 2. " Cost increases in research and development, new drugs begin to harvest, and the bridge-crossing tests associated with ethnic differences have been completed.
Xiu, at $373 million in US prices, has entered the cms (United States Health Insurance and Medical Services Center) and is negotiating with other countries on health insurance. Domestic pricing is still uncertain, and is expected to be lower than in the US market.
The company is expected to hold approximately 53.76% of its share of the biotech section of the Hong Kong share on September 25th. The company’s main platform for research and development in the field of new medicines is the regenesis, restoration, etc.
Clinical progress has been smooth and faster, with beds and their joint drug use programmes (one clinical phase), antivegf biological analogues (three clinical phases), etc.; the development of pipelines, including cdk4/6, three generations of egfr, alk/ros1 heavy-pound targets, is a cause for concern and can be expected in the future.
Due to the current pricing of the car-t variety and the uncertainty of the future health insurance scheme, no contribution calculation has been included; given the gradual stabilization of the company ' s industrial section, the speed of the instrument plate on a seasonal basis, and the development of the pipeline, Zhao Hae-chun
Risks to performance, such as the Auxiliary Drug Catalogue, the Health Insurance Diversion Catalogue, and the Quantities Purchase, affect: the risk of underdevelopment; the risk of under-marketing of Injection fluids in the Jikillons; and the risk of falling financial costs. Uncertainty: there is uncertainty about the future pattern of competition of innovative drug line varieties once they are on the market.
Figure 1: Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market as at 24 February 2020 for 39 cumulative cde intakes of cart clinical trials