Wang Wei-chul (600196.sh/2196.hk) The country's first car-t product was approved for value enhancement.
The company issued an announcement on the evening of February 24, that the company's co-contributor had limited access to biotech in S.A. Kate, and that the company had received a letter of acceptance (case No. cxss 2000006) for the use of its al-Kilillonsi injection (draft) (i.e. anti-human cd19car-t cell injection fluid) for recyclable large b-cell lymphs in adults.
The treatment of baromas (including dlbcl) non-specific types of lymphoma with amplitude b cellular b, pmbcl, high-level b-cell lymphoma and dlbcl with leachate lymphoma transformation) has been reviewed by the National Drug Supervisory Authority for the listing of pharmaceutical products.
The first car-t product to be declared will gain an early advantage: the company ' s car-t product is a yescarta introduced by the company and the company ' s co-branch of Kit. Yescarta was approved by fda for listing in the United States in October 2017, and in August 2018 it was approved by the ema for listing in Europe because of its presence.
The company acquired the right to technology and commercialization in mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macao by introducing the product. The product was approved by the National Drug Control Service for clinical trials in August 2018, and was treated domestically through bridges.
The test achieves its first declaration, faster than other car-t R&D firms in the country, and is expected to be listed in about a year, with a pre-emptive advantage. And, given that Yescarta has several adaptive problems overseas, it is now in the process of extending two clinical trials, which can be rapidly declared in the country in the future, including through bridging clinics.
Innovative products are falling into the ground, contributing to higher valuations: in the first half of 2019, the company managed to go to the market with the former Lito, the tradole and the Adamobi, and the announcement of the car-t products, as well as the many bio-like and first-initiated small-molecular drugs that have been studied, show the company's future harvest.
In the direction of the structure, we look forward to the long-term development of the company, and we believe that the gradual landing of innovative products will contribute to an increase in the value of the company’s valuation. The return on investment earned by the embers is expected to yield a net profit of $2.98 billion by 2019-2020.
A sharepes should be 16 times and 19 times, and hpes 11 times and 14 times. Corporate performance has recovered significantly, heavy-pound biopharmaceutical development has progressed steadily, and the “innovation+internationalization” model will also maintain a “buy-in” rating for the future development of companies with barriers.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed for any purpose in whole or part of the report.