Extended scale continues, credit impairment increases, medium-letter securities (600030.sh)
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved business income of $41,995 million, an increase of 28.13 per cent over the previous half.
Annual increase of 5.4 percentage points; net return to the mother $12,661 million, an increase of 20.32 per cent over the previous half of the year, a decline in the first half of the year)
This represents an increase of 33.49 per cent and a rise of 1.55 percentage points in revenue by 38.55 per cent compared to the previous three quarters. Of these, the company achieved a significant increase in revenues from active brokerage in the market, with a significant increase in net revenue from interest from 03, which was affected by the return of the market to the warmer market, and a significant improvement in revenues from corporate brokerage.
Billion dollars, 2.55 per cent more than the previous year, a positive increase over the first half of the year (youy-41.18 per cent); of which q3 single-season net interest 4) is a continuous lead on the scale of the debt in the industry, raising the revenue of the operations, issuing new provisions for refinancing and raising bonds in a low-interest-rate environment.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved $5.394 billion in net revenue from asset management transaction fees, an increase of 31.55 per cent over the previous half year, an increase of 8.17 percentage points, which is expected to be associated with an increase in demand for investment in products of interest in the third quarter. The company continues to expand its proactive management, a large-scale public fund-raising process has been carried out in an orderly manner, and a business closure has been managed.
Corporate strength is strong, scale up faster, performance is robust, and the vanguard is strong. The capital market’s institutional base is getting deeper and faster, and the company, as a front-runner, will benefit fully from the dividends of the reform.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.