• The principle of prudential coverage of impairments and the maintenance of sound operations: the company issued a three-monthly report in 2020, generating operating income of $41.995 billion, an increase of 28.13 per cent over the same period;
The net profit is $12,661 million, an increase of 20.32 per cent, corresponding to $0.99/share; the net profit is $0.09/share; the net profit is $0.09 per share; the net return is $0.02 million.
20.3% long: 1) company 2020q1-3 achieves the same income of +28.13% to +420.0 billion, net return to the mother, which is expected to be phased out as the impact of the epidemic gradually reduces the impact of the gradual improvement in the economic situation. Trade activity has recovered significantly, with average stock-based day turnover equal to +57.4% to $91.9 billion, quarter 3
The share of households will continue to rise. 2) In the first three quarters of 2020, the net income from the company ' s investment portfolio was from +50.7 per cent to +4.49 billion, mainly on a fixed scale of increase from +49 per cent to the same scale as the company ' s financial adviser.
The rate of 11.4 per cent (ranked 1st), the acceleration of the reform of the entrepreneurship register in the context of deepening capital market reforms, and the prospect that Sino-Sin will fully benefit from capital market construction and direct financing development as the leader of the bond market. 3) Net revenue from the capital management sector is from +31.6 per cent to $5.39 billion, mainly in the management of corporate funds in the capital market.
With rapid growth, the size of the Fund ' s management was between 36 per cent and $124.81 billion (the summer fund is expected to contribute a larger increase). In the broader context of the new rules of governance, companies continue to optimize their proactive management of structural transformation and anticipate robust growth in their performance.
• The expansion of the business map, with policy gains for the strong and the strong. 1) The company, based on strategic considerations of expanding the business layout, is expected to improve its capacity to serve the country's “Obassin Bay” by issuing full equity and changing it to a Chinese-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sinaan.
Strategies. The company has now achieved full coverage of the country’s 31 provincial and municipal networks. 2) The equity firm’s foreign equity quota will be lifted as of 1 April 2020, and opening up to the outside world will take a new step. The company will continue its full-scale international investment against bid standards and promote diversification of its operations, and it is expected that further mergers will take place in the future.
(c) Policies since 2020: industry poles, poles, continued push, new refinancing schemes, new securities laws and registration of start-up boards.
Keeping it steady 2020-08-25 creates a good environment in which the headbills understand the market, price their ability, and the ability to carry out their business better than the small and medium-sized coupons.
Year after year: significant impairments, a decline in performance, a rise in investment over year, have kept its head steady against this backdrop. With the expansion of the business map, there is a build-up of regulation.
3. Sino-Sin securities (600030): Investments: Policies that drive the construction of carrier bonds + new regulations for refinancing, reform of the entrepreneurship register, etc.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board