The Sino-Calco-Energy (6,1898.sh) stock market is strong, and the value of the red aid is up.
The company is the China Coal Group's core coal production subsidiary. As of the third quarterly report, the China Coal Group holds a company owned by China Coal Group.
The company's core coal business has been further enhanced through such measures as electricity utility “coal retirement” and advanced energy release; while the coal trade and export and import operations maintain the industry's pre-eminence, the company's share in the coal market has increased significantly.
A modern industry for the manufacture of coal-chemicals and coal machine equipment.
A reasonable flow of goods, cash, and a steady improvement in the company’s performance. \triangleright issued a special bonus program and recorded it in the total in 2023, resulting in an increase in the share in 2023
Up to 37.7 per cent; the company has basic data: 30 September 2024, taking into account policies such as market value management for the company, which encourages higher dividends, and the fact that the company ' s cash reserves are fully replenished, the level of indebtedness is reduced and the operating cash flow is more capable of covering capital expenditure
At the same time, there has been an increase in the shareholding ratio of major shareholders and a higher capital spending pressure on large shareholders, which is expected to demand a higher share. The company’s pe, pb, is relatively low, the value of the inter-firm index is still being repaired, and the performance is falsely proven.
In contrast to the powered coal-heading companies (China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, and Mountain Coal International), pe and pb of coal energy are also at a lower median level. Since market value management was incorporated into the evaluation, China has been the core capital of China.
The company, as one of the core energy companies, is affected by the low-season coal prices, and the valuation has not followed suit.
Liu Guijun is on the move. The company's coal business is growing up and is expected to contribute to new profit growth, while the other sections are expected to be robust, the overall business performance is expected to continue to grow, and the company is expected to enjoy it with high scores.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment recommendations: performance growth prospects and valuation repair expectations, we have moved up the corporate investment rating to “buy-a-” investment assessment Low demand for coal downstream as well as expected risks; no pace of production of coal mining projects as well as expected risks; Coalization
Downstream demand and prices for industrial products fall short of expected risks; others include safe production risks, environmental risks, irrational market downside risks, etc.
1.1 One of the core subsidiaries of the “two dragons” of the Coal Company has recently gained a high proportion of the shares of the company and has increased three times in the last two years. China Coal Energy Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “China Coal Energy” or “Coal Company”) was established in 2006 by China Coal Energy Group Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “China Coal Group”)
In addition, the Sino-Coal Group holds 1% of the share in the medium coal energy, i.e. 58.41% of the shares in the inter-group control company, with a relatively high percentage of the share held by the State Assets Oversight Management Board of the State Council (hereinafter referred to as the " State Assets Control Committee " ).
In the third quarter, the China Coal Group increased its shares by 0.02 percentage points, for the third time since mid-2023. Of the top 10 shareholders, China Coal Energy Hong Kong Ltd. is the owner of the China Coal Group, and the rest are large investment agencies, including Hong Kong Central Settlement (Agent) Ltd. and the Chinese Securities and Finance Unit.