On October 24, the company announced that it was planning to raise up to $15 billion for new energy-based project development.
2) With the construction of our energy safety and security system, the demand for coal power will continue to grow during the Fourteenth Five-Year Plan. The company has a share of about 80% of the design of the domestic fire and electricity and about 60% of the construction of the power and power project, and the company's power and epc business is expected to enter a new growth cycle. 3) The company has extensive experience in the storage of energy, and future companies are expected to take advantage of the industrial chain and actively participate in the vast market for new storage capacity.
At present, demand for coal power has continued to grow, new storage industries are in rapid state of development, and new energy sources are in high demand. The company’s power grid is not growing as fast as expected, new competitive projects are less expensive than expected, new storage facilities are not being used as quickly as expected, raw materials prices are rising so that the project’s rate of return is not as high as expected, interest rates are up and the company’s financial costs are raised, domestic epidemics and geopolitical instability abroad may affect the construction process.
New energy sectors: New energy engineering construction orders are on the rise; the index for new energy development was 27.8gw RMB 6,94.6 billion in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 17 per cent over the same period, of which $26.6 billion in new contracts, such as new energy works, accounted for 38 per cent of the total.
With regard to self-building projects, in the first three quarters of 2022, the company acquired 13gw for wind and new energy development, accumulated in hand at 27.8gw. Photovoltaic 0.95gw, biomass generating 0.22gw. We expect that the new energy installed capacity of the company by the end of 2022-2025 will reach a new growth cycle.
According to the China-China ITU, 54.7 billion yuan was invested in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 48 per cent over the previous three quarters. In the first three quarters of 2022, companies signed new contracts for traditional energy projects amounting to 1970 billion yuan (+21 per cent), consisting of 72.9 billion electricity, 55.2 billion electricity, 3.9 billion nuclear power, 31.5 billion electricity transmissions and 31.5 billion other, which together accounted for the new contracts.
The company is the national team for the construction of traditional energy sources, the front-line and the main forces, with a share of about 80% of the design of the domestic fire and power planning, a share of about 60% of the construction, and the company's fire and epc operation is expected to enter a new growth cycle. We expect the country to have a new coal assembly during the period of the 14th Five-Five.
Figure 5: New company subscriptions to traditional energy in the first three quarters of 2022 (in billions of yuan, %) Figure 6: Corporate revenue from the fire and net profit projections (in billions) New storage industries: full utilization of industrial resources, forward-looking storage and energy markets
Due to the natural intermittent and volatile nature of new energy sources such as wind power and photovoltaics, the need for power systems to be configured to maintain their reliability and stability has become more pressing as the penetration rate of new energy installations continues to rise. In July 2021, the National Energy Agency issued guidance on accelerating the development of new storage and energy capacities, setting out a national target of 30gw or more of new storage technologies by 2025 and 2021-2025.
The company has a wealth of experience in the field of storage epc, and in the future it is expected to take advantage of the industrial chain and actively participate in the vast market for new types of storage. The investment proposal is: to raise profit forecasts, maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The construction of the grid has fallen short of expectations, the price of electricity for new competing projects has fallen short of expectations, new storage can be scaled up at a slower rate than expected, and the price of raw materials has increased at a lower rate of return than expected: interest rate hikes in companies' financial costs: domestic epidemics and geopolitical instability abroad may affect the construction of the coal power base in the context of the theme of new power systems, guaranteeing energy security - 2022-09-22
Energy Construction in China-03996.hk - Critical Events Rapid Review: Establishment of Hydrogen Energy Subsidiaries to build a full-industry chain platform based on Tokinguzin - Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author