The company published its semi-annual report for 2019: 31,156 million yuan in the first half of the year, a year-on-year increase.
The whole series of panels works together to strengthen market leadership. The main products of the 209h1 company are cranes, shovels, compact machines, road surface machines, pyrotechnics, fire-fighting machines, and the whole series is operating with steady improvement in quality.
Environmental policy has become more stringent, demand for equipment upgrading has increased, and artificial substitution has been driven by the company's consistent insistence on a “three-high” product strategy, a mobile crane market with a share of the world's first and domestic 100-ton mobile cranes, a market with a share of more than 60% of the world's ever-highest ever-higher cranes, and drilling.
The country’s top six months gap with the industry’s leaders has been further narrowed, with high-grade fire trucks occupying half of the country’s walls, road sweeps, and cleaning vehicles.
Business quality has improved steadily, and cash flows have risen over the same period. Corporate business indicators have continued to improve, corporate quality has improved steadily, and high-quality development has intensified. The cost rate for the period of 2019h1 was 8.19 per cent, a decrease of 4.18 pct compared to the same period, with sales rates, management (including R & D) rates, and financial cost rates.
Companies continued to focus on risk management for sales, achieving a net operating cash flow of 2,841 million yuan, an increase of 45.97 per cent over the same period, the best ever. Internationalization expanded well, opening up medium- and long-term growth space.
Growth of 20.07 per cent, Māori rate of 20.96 per cent, a year-on-year increase of 3.18 pct, corporate internationalization of the company, total export of Xu's goods, self-exports, etc., are now in the top position in the industry. Currently, 35 of the 65 countries along the “one-way” have the highest export markets, maintaining industry-led sheeplands in Asia and the Pacific, Africa, etc.
In bits. The xca60e all-ground crane has been exported in bulk, the xca100e has been recognized by the German market, the xca 300u has been successfully introduced into the North American market, the company ' s products have been recognized by the international high-end customer market, and the vast international market is expected to open up the space for company growth in the medium and long term.
In July 2019, the Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xi Xi Xi Xu Xu Xi Xu Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xu Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi X Xi Xi X X X X Xu Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi X X X X X X X X X Xi X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X
The group still has high-quality capital such as excavators, concrete machines, towers, etc.
On the basis of high industry climate continuity and significant improvements in asset quality and profitability, we're going up the line with Xu Engineering: High Industry Growth Dividends, Xu Engineering Mechanics: High Growth Continues with High Growth, Lead Profiting.
The engineering and machinery industry has fallen sharply, capital and real estate investments have not increased as expected, and competition in the industry has worsened.
Quarterly Profit Over Expectation 20190415, S.H.I.E.L.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Yang Shao Fai