South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, high performance in beneficiary sectors Summary of performance: companies achieved business income of $31.17 billion in the first half of 2019, an increase of 30.1 per cent in comparison with the previous year; parentage
The net profit was $2.28 billion, an increase of 106.8 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate was 18.3 per cent, with a net interest rate of 7.4 per cent; the beneficiary industries performed well and performed well. During the first half of the year 2019, the engineering and machinery industry had a high profile, with a 14.2 per cent increase in machine sales and a 53.3 per cent increase in vehicle crane sales.
The revenue from heavy machinery, spare parts for engineering machinery, shoveling machinery, stump machinery is 11,480 million yuan and 6.42 billion yuan, respectively, have improved efficiency and profitability. The company ' s profitability has increased significantly as a result of the improved quality of its operations. The Māori rate for the company ' s car crane industry has been raised to 24.9 per cent, compared to +3.1 pp, and the overall Māori rate has been raised to 18.3 per cent.
As the company’s product strength increases, its leader continues to grow, and its size and profitability are expected to increase.
In July of that year, the company-mixing program was approved, and is now proceeding in an orderly fashion, helping to make more use of the role of city-based players in the future, and contributing to the long-term growth of the company. Market share is ahead, covering for the first time, with an “uptake” rating.
The company is a specialized company that combines the development, manufacture and sale of engineering machinery, such as road-building machines, shovel machines and surface machinery.
Construction and conservation, established in December 1993 and listed in August 1996. The company developed a dynamic outward-looking economy, implemented a strategy of internationalization supported by the export of products, and the engineering and machinery products were sold to the international markets of Europe and America, Japan, South-East Asia, Africa, etc. The State Finance Committee of Xuzhou City is the real controller of the company. On July 25, 2019, the pilot implementation programme for the company ' s mix-up was approved.
It is now proceeding in an orderly manner, which in the future will contribute to a greater role for the market and long-term development of the company. Figure 2: Corporate equity structure. Corporate operations include crane machinery, engineering spare parts, shoveling machinery, peddler machinery, etc.
Process machinery spare parts contributed nearly 60 per cent of the revenue and profits and were the company’s priority.2 The beneficiary industries were highly performing, with the result that investment in social fixed assets continued to grow, leading to rapid growth in the engineering and machinery industry in 2009–2011.
The impact of reduced resonance and regulation of real estate, as well as the impact of a high base, has led to nearly five years of industry adjustment. Until the second half of 2016, it benefited from a combination of factors such as accelerated downstream capital investment, upgrading of equipment, artificial substitution and export growth, with engineering machinery of hundreds of millions, compound growth rate of 8.9 per cent, net repatriation profits increasing from 1.74 billion to 2.05 billion and compound rate of increase of 1.8 per cent.
In the first half of 2019, the engineering and machinery industry was characterized by a high profile, with an increase of 14.2 per cent in the volume of excavators and an increase of 53.3 per cent in the volume of vehicle cranes. The company ' s core business cranes, engineering and spare parts, shoveling machines, and squid machinery earned 1,480 million, respectively, of which 16.740 billion (+27.2 per cent) were recovered in the first quarter of q2 and a net profit of 1,230 million (+110.4 per cent) was attributed to the mother.
3 Business efficiency has improved, profitability has improved and corporate profitability has improved significantly. The company ' s Māori ratio for automobile cranes has been raised to 24.9% compared to +3.1 pp, the combined Māori rate to 18.3% compared to +1.0 pp, and the net interest rate to 7.4% compared to +2.7 pp.
The three rates have been well regulated, with a total decrease of 2.9 pp, of which the sales-cost rate is the same-0.7 pp, the management-cost rate (including R & D) is the same-1.6 pp, and the financial cost rate is the same-0.6 pp. As the strength of the company’s products increases, the vanguard status continues to strengthen, and the model and profitability are expected to continue to improve.
Figure 7: Māori and net interest rates of companies for the calendar year, Figure 8: The company ' s three-year rate for the year 2019 was higher in the engineering and machinery industry. Companies, as industry leaders, are strong in their products and their share in the market continues to rise.
We believe that, compared to comparable companies, the company’s product is strong, the industry is ahead, it is covered for the first time, and it is rated “enhanced.” Downstream infrastructure increases are lower than expected, less or less sold, overseas business risks, and exchange-rate risks.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.