The semi-annual reports forecast a high growth in performance, the expected injection of high-quality assets at the speed of change, the semi-annual high growth in performance and the increase in downstream demand to benefit from: 2019h1 companies making profits, the long-term benefits mainly from robust growth in domestic fixed-asset investments, and the “one-way” overseas countries.
The company is expected to continue to benefit from higher demand for infrastructure and higher operating income and profitability than in the same period last year: the engineering and machinery industry has remained high since this year, using the most representative excavator, for example, in the first half of this year.
The higher operations include cranes, shovel machines, etc.
The campaign for mixed ownership reform was opened, and it was hoped that high-quality assets would be injected: according to a report by the Chinese Voice, The New Mendarin, which is the basis for a year-long surge in real estate, on 14 July, the Xu Workers Group will complete the hybrid ownership by the end of the year.
Reform, by which time Xu will be transformed from a fully-funded State-owned enterprise, dominated by State-owned shares, to a diversified enterprise of Xu Engineering Machinery (000425) with both private and income-earning capital, with the prospect of an injection of quality assets from future group engineering machinery into the market.
Superpredictable, industry climate stability extension, 13.85%, second place. In addition, the group has assets such as concrete, towers, and thin-haired engineering machines.
Injection of high-quality assets will significantly increase corporate profitability. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: based on the precautionary principle, do not take into account the Group’s capital equivalents of billions and 4,291 million, corresponding to nine times, eight times, and eight times, respectively, to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Qualification certificate code: Qualification certificate code: Quality assets are expected to be injected with six months of forecasted high performance.
The semi-annual report predicts a high growth in high-quality assets that are expected to be injected into the field, and is good at industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation-related sectors. The financial sector has been active for more than six years, with representatives including Robot Trend and others.
He was employed at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017. The Centre, which joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities.
Research Center, September 2017, Allied Pacific Securities, good at capitalizing on investment opportunities based on industrial trends.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.