Half-yearly, the growth of product lines is on the rise, with the expected injection of high-quality assets from the fast-track group: the company published its semi-annual report in 2019, with a revenue of $31,156 million, or 4.18 pct; net operating cash flows in the first half of the year amounted to $2,841 million, an increase of 45.97 per cent, compared with 45.97 per cent.
The product lines have grown across the board, with a large number of products at the forefront in the country: in the sub-business, companies are earning $11,478 million, $3,404 million and $2,995 million in heavy machinery, plant machinery and shovel machinery, with total equity/flow (millions of shares)
In addition, presses, surface machinery, fire-fighting machinery, sanitation machinery, etc., have increased to varying degrees at the highest/minimum (in dollars) for 12 months.
In addition, machinery such as drilling drills and horizontal orientation drills, ground level machines, Xu Engineering machines (000425) semi-annual reports, road construction machines such as stand-up machines, high-level fire trucks, etc. are among the highest in the country.
The Xu State State Finance Committee has approved a mix-up programme, and the Group ' s quality assets are expected to be injected: there are plenty of high-quality assets under the group flag, 20,000 have been sold in the first half of the year by excavators, and the city is in the middle of the year.
Xu Xu's machine (000425) "A quarter rises again" 2nd; Xu Qu Qu's reverse city grew by 12% in the same year, with the top 10 industries ranked first; the tower's red, which is the basis for the year's high rate of growth"
A series of high-end products are in short supply, with 4-bridge, 62-metre pump vehicles being the first in the industry. On July 27, company Xu Xu's machine (000425) published an announcement that Xu County City State Finance Committee had approved a pilot mix-up programme, with a future group of high-quality assets.
Superpredictable, industry climate-accuracy extension, expected to be injected into a listed company, where the parent company, Xu, is limited, is expected to become a country with a significant increase in market competitiveness.
Practice Qualification Code: Half-yearly report full growth of product lines, expected injection of high-quality assets of the Mixed Speed Group, full growth of product lines and expected injection of high-quality assets of the Mixed Speed Group
Eight years of work in the financial sector, including Robot Trend. Before entering the financial sector, there was a wealth of business experience, production techniques, markets and strategies in the fields of engineering, machinery and automobiles.
The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities. The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2019, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities based on industrial trends.
He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre and joined the Pacific Securities Association in July 2017.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.