Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 27 April, Satellite Chemical Disclosure First Quarterly Report 2022, Company First Quarterly 2022
● The year-on-year performance increases, the profit stability of the light hydrocarbons project highlights the steady running of the first phase of the cloud port, and the cost advantage of the light hydrocarbons route. The company’s performance in the first quarter compares favourably with the trend in the prices of the company to 300 deep.
After the outbreak of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, global oil prices surged, and Brent crude oil prices rose once to $120 per barrel, the highest level since August 2014. The 22q1 petrochemical industry as a whole was under pressure from high oil prices and weaker demand for downstream products, but the company ' s performance was relatively stable, mainly as a result.
The company's ethylene fission device is more cost-competitive at high oil prices. 22q1 crude oil, pyre oil, 20% increase in the price of 20%, 19% increase in the price of ethylene, 22q1 increase in the price of ethylene, 4% increase in the price of ethylene. ethylene downstream demand is weak, 22q1 increase in the price difference of ethylene-ethane by 6%.
The cost advantage of the ethylene light hydrocarbon route is significant in the context of high oil prices. The price difference of propane dehydrate is significantly repaired, and downstream acrylic acid and ester patterns are better. 22q1 average ring ratio for acrylic acid, butyl ester market - 5%, - 2%, raw material propane price ratio + 5%, overall
In terms of price differentials, acrylic dehydration (pdh), polypropylene-propylene, acrylic acid-propylene, acrylate-propylene, acrylic acid, circulatory +98 per cent, -33 per cent, -10 per cent, -54 per cent, respectively. The pdh price difference is significantly repaired, while the main business acrylic acid and esters continue to be high. Acrylic acid and esters maintain high prices.
The landscape is dominated by a better industry, with fewer new domestic output except for companies, and a gradual withdrawal of overseas capacity. Moreover, as the demand for propane heating is declining, the difference in the price of propane dehydrogen is expected to continue to be repaired.
Cost of sales as a percentage of operating income was 0.31 per cent, a decrease of 0.86 percentage points in the same year; management costs as a share of net cash flow from operating activities were 1.316 billion, a positive one.
The ethane fission II and 800,000 tonnes pdh projects are progressing steadily. The annual production of 1.35 million tons of pe, 21.9 million tons of eoe and 260,000 tons of acn combined installation projects are expected to be implemented in phase 1 tons/year of high-density polyethylene, 730,000 tons/year of epoxy ethylene, 600,000 tons/year of styrene)
In addition, the company has signed a cooperative investment framework with the Zhejiang Xiangshan Port Council and Liquefied Air (China), in which the company has invested approximately RMB 10.2 billion in the construction of 800,000 tons of pdh per year, 800,000 tons of BKh and 120,000 tons of new.
In late 2021, the company announced an investment in the new Green Chemical Materials Industrial Park project, with a total investment of about 15 billion yuan in construction.
It consists mainly of 200,000 tons of ethanolamine (eoa) per year, 800,000 tons of polystyrene (ps) per year, 100,000 tons of α-vinyl hydrocarbons per year with an ancillary poe, 750,000 tons of carbonate production plants per year and related supporting works, which are implemented in three stages.
Ten thousand tonnes/year battery-grade carbonate devices, 300,000 tonnes/year carbon dioxide precision recovery units) were successfully advanced, long-cycle equipment was ordered and construction work began, with pilot production expected to start in the third quarter of 2022.
We believe that the company c2 project has benefited from an increase in the price gap between high oil prices for raw materials and products, that the swim pattern has been maintained to a good climate under project c3, and that the c2nd phase and the green chemical new materials industrial park will be implemented in the future.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.