A share opened up a year's buyback to show the company's confidence in development incident: On September 21, 2023, China's petrochemicals issued an announcement to start with a centralized bid deal.
The general authorization would authorize the board to decide on a single or simultaneous buy-back of no more than 10% of the company’s issued a share or h shares. The firm’s commitment to future development has now been demonstrated by the company’s opening of the buy-back.
Oil prices have risen, and company profits on exploration operations are expected to increase in the second half of the year. In the first half of 2023, the company ' s pre-tax profit on exploration and exploitation was $26,922 million, representing 47.36 per cent of pre-tax profits, while the first half of the year was a good one and the second half continued to grow.
\triangleright s01012207013 New oil and gas discoveries in the Tarimu Basin, Sichuan Basin, Ganghan Basin, Ordos Basin
and major breakthroughs, development, continued expansion of efficient production, efficient promotion of capacity-building and further refinement of development adjustments in Xiangyang, Ta river and semi-west; oil refining, with all efforts to increase the load of installations and effectively integrate the “oil turn-over” “oil turn-over” rhythm; and marketing and distribution, with active outreach to overseas operations, with all efforts to promote the replacement of electricity.
China's petrochemical (600028.sh) semi-annual report for 2023 has developed and vigorously developed the hydrogen energy application landscape, actively transforming into an integrated energy service provider called “hydrogens”; chemically: stock loss has been overstretched and high scores + high buybacks have been highlighted
In the second half of 2023, the public sector produced 246 million barrels of oil equivalent, crude oil processed 127 million tons, and domestic finished oils.
Total distribution is 94 million tonnes and ethylene production is 7.15 million tonnes. \triangleright 3. China ' s petrochemical (600028.sh) annual report 2022
Review: Performance declined, followed by demand recovery + estimates from the United States, which calculated that China ' s petrochemical a dividends rate of 5.80 per cent, h dividends rate of 9.08 per cent, and higher dividends rate, 4. China ' s petrochemical (600028.sh) tri-quarter reporting points in 2022
Investment proposals: As domestic demand recovers, corporate profitability is expected to improve, and corporate valuation is expected to rise in the context of the country’s vigorous efforts to further reform the country and improve China’s valuation system. \triangleright
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective production, and accountability for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or opinions in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.