China ' s petrochemical (600028.sh) implementation of the stock buy-back programme, when the revaluation of the value was carried out, on 21 September 2023, the company first repurchases a share in the current round through a centralized bid.
On August 28, the company issued a report on the status of the purchase of shares as a percentage of the company's total equity.
Repurchase reports for the purchase of shares of a stock in a centralized bid, to be used in return for the purchase of a share in the sum not less than 800 million yuan yuan and the sum of 1.5 billion yuan yuan in self-owned funds to buy back in the form of a centralized bid transaction.
The company’s active implementation of the equity buy-back program has helped to preserve corporate values and equity interests, enhance investor confidence, and promote a match between the company’s stock market prices and its intrinsic values. As a petrochemical company, the company maintains a high percentage of dividends, and is more sustainable, focusing on shareholder returns.
Since 2023, the market has been actively exploring the establishment of a valuation system with Chinese characteristics, with companies gradually recovering from low positions and revalued. Increased capital spending, with an emphasis on investment quality and efficiency, has been planning capital spending of 17.8 billion yuan for the entire year of 2023.
In the last decade, the company has continued to increase its exploration and development efforts, maintaining a sustained increase in oil and gas reserves, and making every effort to stabilize oil and gas reserves; the refining of oil will continue to increase the production of high-value-added and specialized products; and marketing of innovative business models for marketing operations, the development of new energy terminals and the promotion of integrated energy services for “hydrogen uniforms”
Business development; chemical industry’s insistence on “basic + high-end” development of new materials and high-value-added products.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Ren Wenpo, Doctor of Chemical Engineering, China Petroleum University (Waodong). He worked as a senior engineer in China's oil industry for eight years. He joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018, mainly in the chemical industry.