Half-yearly, 2023: High sales of finished oil in the country, significant results of increased and stable oil storage and gas drops.
Keywords: #Exploitation #Equal Interest Rate # a single quarter, with operating income of 80.235 billion yuan, i.e. equal to - 5 per cent, ring to + 1 per cent; Net Return to Mother  Event 2: Company announcement of a repurchase of a company ' s shares using a centralized competitive trading method.
▪ The price of crude oil is wide-banded and the domestic demand for finished oil rebounds at high speed. 2023h1 international crude oil prices, wide-banded shocks, $79.8/barrel, ring ratio - 26%, domestic demand for finished oils, taking advantage of the advantages of integration, market expansion, marketing and distribution of 2023h1 companies
In terms of exploration, the company has made a number of new oil and gas discoveries and major breakthroughs in the Tariki Basin, Sichuan Basin, Jianghan Basin, Ordos Basin.
At the national level, the construction of model areas for shale oil is highly efficient. In the first half of the year, the production of 250 million barrels of oil was achieved.
Equivalence, 3 per cent more than the same year, with crude oil production of 140 million barrels, +0.02 per cent more than the same year; natural gas production of 6,609 million cubic feet, + 8 per cent more than the same year.
50%, 5%, medium-term interest payments by the Central petroh unit, 50% annualized dividends, and 7%.  To buy back shares and enhance investor confidence. The total amount of money that the company proposes to buy back a share is no less than RMB 800 million, not more than RMB 1.5 billion, and the maximum RMB 9.30 at the price of the repurchase share.
A sharepes are 10, 9 and 8 times the price. Given the rebound in demand for finished oil, the company’s performance is growing faster, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.