The first buyback increases shareholders' interests, the performance increases, the research assistant increases the investment, the key word: #product growth # dividends are high.
On that day, the company repurchased a share in the sum of 10 million shares in the sum of 61.51 million yuan in the amount of the RMB.  The price of crude oil was wide-ranging and the domestic demand for finished oil rebounded at a high rate.
Broadband concussions, average price of oil of $79.8 per barrel, ring ratio - 26 per cent, rapid domestic demand for finished oils Exploited advantage of integration, strong market expansion with 2023h1 marketing and distribution block camps receiving 871.3 billion yuan, or +10 per cent, and total sales of finished oils of 117 million tons, or +18.5 per cent.
In terms of exploration, the company has made a number of new oil and gas discoveries and major breakthroughs in the Tarigi, Sichuan, Jianghan and Ordos basins, and has made efficient progress in the construction of a national demonstration area for Xiyang shale oil.
In the first half of the year, 250 million barrels of oil equivalent were achieved, representing a 3 per cent increase in the same year, of which 140 million barrels of crude oil were produced, compared with 0.02 per cent.
6.609 billion cubic feet, +8 per cent by comparison. On 21 September, the price was collected, with medium-term dividends paid by the SPC and annualized dividends assessed at the annual point: the sale of finished oil in the country was high
50 per cent, 5 per cent, medium-term interest payments by the Central petroh Unit, annualized dividends of 50 per cent, 7 per cent. Increases in the result of increased and stable oil and gas reserves.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: based on company operations, we maintain company 2023-2025.
Taking into account the rebound in demand for finished oil, the company's performance grew faster, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The three major financial forecasts for petrochemicals in China, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, are eligible for portfolio investment advisory services.