q2 performance ring pressured, waiting for downstream profit point China petrochemicals (600028.sh)
1.1 per cent decline over the same period; net return to the mother is 35.11 billion yuan, a 20.1 per cent decline over the same period, of which exploration and exploitation: narrow profit margins up to q2 fell during the first half of the year, and corporate exploration and exploitation panels were inspired
Ten thousand barrels, an increase of 3.3 per cent over the same year; 16.8 per cent for corporate crude oil and 12.3 per cent for natural gas; quarterly, q2 achieved business returns of $12.56 billion, and companies vigorously implemented a steady oil and gas-reducing effect, but q2 achieved a decline in or operation of natural gas.
Refining oils: The low yield of diesel fuel and coal oil prices has resulted in profits from refining oil for the first half of the year, and the company ' s refining plates achieved operating revenues of 11.41 billion yuan, a decrease of 61.7 per cent over the same period, of which o2 achieved operating gains of 64.3 million tons of crude oil processed by q2 companies, an increase of 3.3 per cent in the ring; and 3877 million tons of finished oil produced.
Of these, the production of gasoline, diesel fuel and kerosene increased by 0.1 per cent, 6.4 per cent, 7.2 per cent, and we believe that the poor performance of the q2 refined plates is mainly due to the low harvest of oil prices for the finished products. Marketing and distribution: the rebound in demand for the finished oil boosted operations during the first half of the year, company marketing.
In the first half of the year, the total amount of oil produced by the company was 16.6 million tons, or 18.5 per cent. Of that amount, the total amount sold in the country was 92.47 million tons.
On a quarterly basis, the volume of oil produced by q2 was 6,044,000 tons, a quarterly increase of 17.9 per cent, benefiting from a sustained recovery in the demand for oil produced in the country, full integration of the company, strong market expansion, and a further increase in the size of the q2 operation. In the second half of the year, the company plans to achieve domestic oil production.
Chemicals: The weather cycle is low, waiting for demand to warm up for the first half of the year, and the company ' s chemical panels have achieved a 20 million dollar reduction in the ring. In the first half of the year, the company produced 68.8 million tons of ethylene, an increase over the same period.
Ethylene production was 3.53 million tons, or 5.4 per cent of the ring; the total number of chemical products in operation was 2,094 million, or 1.2 per cent of the ring, and in the first half of the year, companies enhanced cost control and optimized product structures, but were affected by weak demand in the chemical products market, the concentration of production capacity, and the low profitability of the chemical plates.
With the steady growth of the country’s growth policy, demand for chemical end-uses is expected to recover, and profits from corporate chemical panels are expected to improve. The Galaxy Securities Institute, which is mainly involved in chemical industry research, is expected to improve.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.