The recovery in performance was over-expected, with a strong growth of the tank pump valves The company issued its semi-annual performance report for 2017, which achieved business income of $1,359 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 130.24 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $161 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 471.1 per cent in the same year.
In the first quarter of 2017, the company achieved a profit of nearly $60 million, and in the second quarter, the company’s profitability continued to improve significantly. The public division was driven by the strong demand for specialized oil tanks and non-scaling tanks for excavators, hydraulic products (cylinders, pumps, valves, hydraulics).
In the first half of the year, the combined Māori ratio of corporate products increased by 8.15 percentage points, sales costs and management costs decreased by 8.83 percentage points over the same period. Excavated hours in the first half of 2017, an increase of 6% over the same period, remained strong.
There will be a significant increase in capacity utilization, the scale effect of which will gradually become apparent, and the elasticity of corporate profitability will be significant.
In 2016, the company began to show significant losses as the income and capacity utilization of pump valves and casting operations increased. The company acquired shares in Harveyline and worked with Harvey ' s strategy to promote the nationalization of inline hydraulic pump products.
Mechanically, small batch packages are achieved, and future import alternatives are huge. In the first half of 2017, the company’s small excavator pump valves achieved volume production and rapid growth in sales, while hydraulic systems maintained a positive growth momentum.
\triangleright, in the first quarter of the year, the company has only $213 million left in construction work, and the depreciation cost is largely the highest. As the industry recovers and capacity utilization increases, the depreciation cost will gradually weaken the company’s performance.
The recovery, which is expected to increase in the ratio of high-morigin excavators, is expected to continue to boost the performance of listed companies. The dollar, which corresponds to 43 times, 35 times, and 30 times, maintains a “very recommended” rating.
1. Yearly and quarterly reports on constant hydraulic pressure (601,100)
A strong recovery of the oil tank dedicated to the excavator and a performance repair bullet 3. Stereo hydraulic pressure (601,100) depth report: hydraulic pressure
Liu Zhenyu, an undergraduate and master’s degree in materials and materials from Beijing University of Science and Technology, has studied metal materials, and graduate students have developed a hybrid current data collection system. Five years of investment management in China’s Metallurgical and Gold Engineering Group, two years of project management in the Beijing City Planning Committee system, and in 2015 he joined the People’s Securities.
Yingyang, an undergraduate and master's degree from the Chinese People's University School of Economics, three years of experience in the media, mainly following the new energy automobile industry chain, the mechanical industry, and joining the civil securities in 2016. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,