Quantified Hydraulic Pressure Reporter: Part with cycle + growth advantage, benefit downstream demand pull, report performance over expectations
Billions, $160 million net profit from parent companies, 471% increase in the same year. This is mainly due to downstream engineering machines. The Medium Term Investment Strategy for Mechanicals in 2017: Crafts and Crafts Age, the overall recovery in the manufacture of unfinished pieces, and a significant increase in the sale of major product tanks and pump valves in the first half of the year.
The non-flagged tank benefits from the shielding machine.
Demand stimuli, and the sales of the new product pump valves are climbing up rapidly. Due to order digestion and growth inertia in the first half of the year, the first three workers and the rhesus hydraulic pressure are 2017.7.16 We think that the sales of the downstream dredgers have declined in the second half of the year, but demand for the company's products has continued to grow at a high rate.
Quarterly Report of Engineering Mechanics 2017: A Quarterly Performance: The Mechanical Industry Weekly: A Continuing High Growth in Excavator Sales, Panel &
The semiconductor is investing up the cycle, and the track is expected to pick up again.
There has been a significant increase in the sale of the main product tanks and pumps.
The company’s oil tank product is in a state of supply and demand, benefiting from the overall downstream recovery, Xu Engineering Mechanics (000425.ch/RMB 4.03 with no rating), Willows (000528.ch/RMB 9.30) with a significant increase in both periods, especially Xu Mechanics and Willows, which are more than 10 times the same growth rate.
The company’s fists are digger tanks, with a high annual increase in sales of downstream excavators, which are expected to be achieved throughout the year.
One hundred and twenty thousand, an increase of 83% in the same year. The company currently produces about 450,000 units per year of excavator capacity, with a single excavator equipped with four cylinders. Thus, the company’s excavator tank is in short supply to the domestic and external markets.
The company’s first customer is Caterpillar, the country’s main company, 3x1 (600031.ch/RMB8.50, purchased), Xu, benefited from the city’s rail construction peak, and the company’s shielding machine, which is not a fuel tank, grew at a significant rate.
In the course of the year, in conjunction with the investment plans of previous years, we predict that over 680 billion dollars will be invested in 17 years and that the companies in operation will be the customers of the companies, the companies in operation, the non-scaling tanks used by the companies in the shields, the downstream construction of Chinese iron (601186.ch/RMB 13.38, no rating), the Chinese iron (601390.ch/RMB 8.98, no rating), etc.
Pump valve products have been successfully imported from small digs and gradually infiltrated into mid-dug and large-dug products The company has successfully developed pump valve products, which are now mainly applied to axle-coated thumps and multi-routine valves below 15t, and sales are expected to grow rapidly, reaching about 14,000 sets throughout the year.
By the end of this year, a pump valve product will be developed to dig up 60t. The pump valve product is expected to replicate the successful path of the tank: continuing research and development -- market opportunities -- importing products from small digs -- continuing improvement -- expanding to medium and large digs -- and, to mention, raising the Māori rate, the triple cost rate is falling.
In addition, the company has made important adjustments to the acquisition of Shanghai by streamlining and demobilizing some of its sales and production personnel, and is now fully performing its losses.
The semi-annual reports forecast a significant increase in performance, which is expected to be higher than expected than the 471%; the order is still saturated in the second half of the year, given the current level of production. While downstream, the pace of the ring increase in engineering machinery in the second half of the year will slow, it will not affect the high growth of the year.
The company’s 17-and-a-half-year performance is slightly higher than expected, and the year’s growth is high. Given the steady recovery of the downstream engineering and machinery industry, demand for the company’s main products has increased, and the backlash remains strong.
It is strongly recommended that attention be paid to the constant hydraulic pressure of the Engineering Machinery Parts and Components Company.