Reported overperformance, benefiting from a strong downstream recovery Investment rating: upscaling (maintaining)
The net return to the mother was $160 million, compared to +471 per cent, and the performance was higher than expected.
The significant growth in corporate revenue was due to three factors: 1: the continued growth of the tank plates, especially the excavator tanks and the shield tanks, which generated revenues of +163 per cent and +137 per cent; and 2 small excavators, which increased sales by 101 per cent as a result of the use of pump valves to produce their products;
3. Hydraulic systems for new and emerging industries have maintained a positive growth rate of +15.4 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of 2017, the combined Māori rate reached 28.09 per cent, which is mainly the result of the income scale effect (the growth in operating costs was less than the increase in sales income) than in the same period last year. The total inter-period cost rate was 14.27 per cent, corresponding to 5.12 pt (of which sales rates, management rates, management rates, etc.)
+3.71pc) is the result of enhanced corporate management and mitigation efficiency gains (sales and management costs are higher than in the same period last year - 8.83pc). It is expected that the company ' s Māori and net profit rates will continue to increase with the release of traditional tank operations and the approval of new product pump valves.
• Overseas business became a new bright spot for companies, with a huge market space for high-end customers, and corporate products were sold to developed countries and regions such as Europe and America, Japan and other developed countries, with receipts from foreign sales +52 per cent in the first half of the year, with exports accounting for over 25 per cent of the company’s total revenues.
The affiliates are actively expanding their stabilization partners by opening overseas research centres in the German-owned Hawe, which are now being acquired in Italy, building up a group of high-end customers from Europe and America, such as Caterpillar, Steam Steel, Japan, etc., and accelerating the march towards the integration of global leading hydraulic systems. It is expected that future corporate clients will gradually spread across the world.
The share of offshore operations will continue to rise to 50%, with a strong downstream engineering and machinery industry recovering slowly, with a strong hydraulic tap benefiting from a significant increase in the sales of h1 company products, mainly due to strong downstream market demand.
Pulls. The domestic engineering and machinery industry, affected by the increase in macroeconomic and fixed asset investment, is now on the right track, with aggregate sales of excavators increasing by more than 100% in January-July 2017, which will slow down the same rate of sales.
Exploitation remains full, real estate investments are expected to be stable in the second half of the year, capital investments are more robust, and sales of excavators are expected to increase by 70 per cent (120,000) throughout the year.
70% (Thirty One, Xu-Thu, Carter is a big client of the company) will continue to benefit in the future from company stocktaking: reported performance meets expectations and the economies of scale prevail Export growth (the company has established extensive marketing networks in Europe, North America, Japan, etc.)
Corporate review: The downstream engineering and machinery industry continues to recover, and performance is in line with corporate review: Holding Germany Harvey, to a global lead hydraulic system, and as the downstream engineering and machinery industry recovers noticeably, the company is a major supplier of spare parts for a short period of time.
In the middle and long term, there is much room for looking at a hydraulic pump valve as an alternative to imports. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, we now have the Securities Investment Advisory Board.