Performance against expectations and economies of scale Investment rating: increase (maintenance)
RMB, 130% increase in the same year; net profit return to the mother is 160 million yuan, 471% increase in the same year.
The increase in operating income of 130 per cent over the same period in the previous year was due mainly to: (a) a strong growth in fuel tank blocks, particularly the continued growth of excavators and shield tanks; (b) a rapid increase in the volume and sales of small excavators pump valves; and (c) a positive growth in hydraulic systems for emerging industries.
The significant increase in profitability is due to: (i) the effect of corporate income scale, which is a combination of products; (ii) the increase in the Māori ratio by 8 percentage points compared to the same period last year, which is expected to reach 28 per cent; and (ii) the strengthening of the company itself.
Management, sales and management costs decreased by 8.83 percentage points compared to the same period last year.3 The higher-precision high-precision hydraulic casts and pump valve new projects with higher capital expenditures, were less profitable due to factors of productivity and utilization, and have recently increased the combined Māori rate through sales.
The engineering and machinery industry has recovered strongly, and summer sales have continued to grow at a high rate, the excavators are still expected to double in July, the engineering and machinery industry has entered a seasonally low season in the third quarter, and the market is expected to see a decline in sales of the ring in the third quarter for the same reason that the base will grow at a significant rate.
But according to the latest research, the production of constant tanks is still full, the sales of excavators are expected to double in July, real estate investments are expected to be flat in the second half of the year, and the domestic market of the shield canisters has reached as high as 50% and 70%.
It benefits from strong growth in the downstream engineering and machinery industry. The new product hydraulic pump valves and hydraulic systems are sold well, the market space is huge, new products like hydraulic pump valves are marketed well, and small batch packages are now in place and growing rapidly.
The tank and pump valve ratio is 1:2.5-1:3, and the pump valve corresponds to a market size of 2-2.5 billion. The company pump is smaller in size and weighs 20% less than the equivalent, so it consumes less oil, saves 10% more valves than the same product, and is expected to generate significant hydraulic pump valve revenues in 2017.
In the area of hydraulic systems, companies have successfully won the bid for the Long Spring Bus Hydraulic Station project, and have successfully entered the hydraulic market in the field of orbital transport.
Due to the apparent recovery of the downstream engineering and machinery industry, the company, as the main supplier of spare parts, is in short supply of capacity, and there is much room in the medium and long term to look at the hydraulic pump valves as an alternative to imports.
Company Review: Holding German Harvey, moving towards a global lead hydraulic system, integrated, and Dong Wu Securities Inc. with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board.