The net profit was $147 million, an increase of 864 per cent in the same year.  benefited from the high profile of the downstream excavator industry, with a high increase in sales of specialized fuel tanks, which reached 75,069 domestic excavators in the first half of 2017, an increase of 10.5 per cent in the same year.
Excavator sales grew at a high rate of 155,471 in the first half of the year, an increase of 123 per cent in the same year and an increase of 163 per cent in the same year, achieving a high rate of growth. Compared to the above indicator of acceleration, special oil sales increased by nearly 23 pct, indicating a recovery of excavators in this round of engineering machinery.
In the process, the market share of the company's special-purpose tankers increased, in line with the previous “deep concentration effect” relative to market performance (nearly 12 months); the income increase was 40 pcts higher than the sales increase, indicating a greater Māori rate for the special-purpose tanks.
In the first half of 2017, the company sold 55,408 non-standard tanks for heavy equipment, an increase of 99 per cent in the same year, while the share of domestic municipalities remained stable, with an increase of 137 per cent in revenues from the sale of shield tanks.
Motion, 13:15 is the golden period for urban orbital transport development, and the company will benefit fully from pulling the market demand for the shielding machine, which is not a fuel tank, as a domestic shield, which is not a fuel tank. The pump valve operations are fast-released, and hydraulic systems are growing strongly.
The company is actively expanding the operations of pump valves, motors and hydraulic systems based on corporate hydraulic technology. Of this, pump valves generated $3.04 million in sales in 2015 and $5.98 million in sales in the first half of 2016, and pump valves in the type excavator were produced; hydraulic systems for emerging industries maintained a good growth momentum.
The growth of downstream excavators has not been as high as expected, investments in railways and urban tracks have not been as high as expected, and sales of hydraulics have increased.
Figure 1: Company p-bands pb-bands Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree at the Chinese People ' s University and currently President of the Associated Securities Institute.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.