Merchant ship (601872.sh)
Tanker markets: 20241, the overall supply and demand of tanker markets continues to tighten, and tanker prices are steadily decreasing. Volcc rents continue to rise, 17 per cent higher than in the same period last year. Clarkson expects the volume of maritime trade in crude oil to grow by 0.4 to 1.99 billion tons in 2024, and the future market for tankers will remain strong. According to the company ' s semi-annual report, 2) Dry Bulk Ship Market: World Bulk Shipping Co.
Zhang Fung-chul's good-looking ship has risen by 95 per cent over the same period, showing a remarkable performance. 3) Container ship markets: due to multiple factors such as geopolitical conflicts, the combined market, especially ocean routes, is in short supply and supply. As of 30 June 2024, China's container exports were in short supply.
The shipping price index (ccfi) was 1,922.46, an increase of 115 per cent and a 29 per cent increase in the ring; the Shanghai container export price index (scfi) was 3,714.32, an increase of 290 per cent and a 22 per cent increase in the ring. 4) The vehicle roller market: the volume of motor vehicle seaborne trade continued to grow, the international roller market continued to operate at a high level, and the one-year rental rate of the 6,500 standard vehicle carrier was maintained at a high rate.
Taking into account the additional impact of the bonus on the income tax split, the real q2 realized a net return to the mother of 1,416 million yuan, the ring’s current trend compared to the oil boom, and the oil season’s elastic resonance. The oil market: fewer new ships on the supply side + the fleet’s ageing and smooth decline, the demand side is expected to continue to rise owing to the double yield of non-opec increases, the market climate is expected to improve, and the oil transport business is expected to become the company’s future.
The Fed is expected to reduce interest rates for the first time in 2024, and to improve global macro fundamentals or gradually over the next two years, sustaining the dry bulk shipping market. Oil transport, bulking prices, are dominated by market supply and demand, and seasonally significant.
If the crop reduction is relaxed, we're also expected to increase demand further during the winter season. The traditional seasons are usually a semi-annual profit distribution program to find a gold dividend of 1 yuan (including taxes) per 10 shares, and a combined cash dividend is found to be sustainable, stable, science-based pay-back planning and mechanisms, continuity and stability of company profit distribution policies, and balance.
Short-, medium- and long-term shareholder interest and medium- and long-term value creation and sustainable development of the company. The company has developed a draft shareholder return plan (draft) for the next three years (2024-2026), which will remain focused on cash dividends, taking into account the company's stage of development (the maturity period) Profit predictions and investment perspectives: merchant ships will be recruited as oil-dispersed dual-nuclear shipping taps, oil shipments will be on the upper stage and bulk will be on the way to recovery.
During the period, the two-dominant industry is expected to resonant and the company's future profits are expected to continue to improve. We expect to achieve business income policies less than expected in 2024-2026, respectively; fluctuations in shipping markets; economic sanctions and export controls; geopolitical risks; and exchange rate volatility risks.
... that any part of my remuneration has not been, has not been or will not be, directly or indirectly, linked to the specific investment opinion or opinion contained in this report. ]