Merchant ship sales from the Middle East have reduced the demand for vlcc, bdi has gone, and the net profit from the diversion has increased dramatically.
The oil pipeline is expected to rise gradually, depending on the supply-side support, and to continue with a better supply and demand pattern, keeping the company’s two-cycle oil spread up and maintaining its rating. Middle-East deliveries have reduced the demand for vlcc spot, and net profits from the oil transport division have declined slightly in the first half of the year.
Subregionally, the volume of US Gulf exports increased by 11.43 per cent in the first half of the year and South American exports increased by 32.29 per cent, but Middle East exports were affected by reduced production and voluntary cutbacks, which decreased significantly from the same period in 2022 and 2023. The non-opec+ country ' s output increased by 1.4 million barrels per day, OEC - reduced production by 740,000 barrels per day, compared with 3.01 per cent in the first half of the year, and net profits by 7.66 per cent in the first half of the year. We believe that by the end of August, Vlcc held orders, accounting for about 7.7 per cent of the global total size of the Volcc fleet, which is still at a low historical level, and that, in terms of demand, Clarkson expected to increase by 0.4 per cent to 19.9 billion tons in the year 2024 in the volume of crude oil by sea.
In the first half of the year, the boom in shipping prices led to a strong bdi, and the net profits of the company’s scattered branches increased significantly. The company’s first half-year operations generated revenues of 3,958 million yuan, compared to 15.43 per cent, and net profits of $80 million, compared to 125.35 per cent. In the first half of the year, the world’s bulk shipping increased by 5 per cent, with China’s demand rising by 57 per cent, with the best-looking ships contributing 95 per cent, and the Panamanian-type vessels rising by 95 per cent.
After-market prospects, oil shipments are expected to rise gradually, with bulk shipments expected to continue when supply and demand are better. The first half of the year was affected by a combination of persistent deep decline in production in the Middle East, oil price fluctuations, the Red Sea crisis, and the growing demand for crude oil in China.
With the Federal Reserve entering its interest-rate-reduction cycle in the second half of 2024, global macroeconomic fundamentals or gradual improvements over the next two years, the global economic climate is expected to pick up gradually, sustaining the dry bulk shipping market, and Clarkson expects a 3.5% increase in the world demand for dry bulk shipping tons by sea in 2024-2025, a slight slowdown of 4% over the 2010 average, and a 2% increase in transport capacity (not taking into account the dismantling of older ships), compared to the 2010-2023 average, which is a significant slowdown in the rate of 6% later.
In the first half of the year, the demand for vlcc was dragged back by a reduction in Middle East shipments, while the firm’s net profit-collecting was flexible and maintained its rating. Oil demand fell short of expectations, fuel prices rose sharply, and bulk and aggregate demand fell short of expectations.
Merchant Shipping 2023107 S.S.I.S.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Transport: shipping ports