The company issued its third quarter report in 2019, and in the last three quarters it achieved business income of $38.230 billion, November 06, 2019.
The same-year increase of 13.79%, the net return to the mother $518 million, the same-year increase of 39.09%, the net gain to the mother, Cao Xuant, the net gain and the rebound in the net gain. The company achieved $16.690 billion in the first quarter of the third quarter, the same-year increase.
15.57 per cent, an acceleration of 12.97 pct over the second quarter of the same period; net return profit achieved in the first quarter of the first quarter of the same period of the same period of the same period of the same period of the same period of the same period of the same period of the second quarter of the same period of the same period of the second quarter of the same period of the same period of the same period of the same period of the same period of the same period of the same period of the second quarter of the same period of the second quarter of the same period of the same period of the same period.
Financial indicators are effectively controlled and cash flows are significantly improved. In the context of rapid growth in revenue collection and net gains, the cost of companies is effectively controlled and the scale effects are highlighted. In the third quarter, companies spend $522 million on R & D... an increase of 8.69% over the same period.
Initiatives such as the routing period have worked well, operating cash flows have improved significantly, with a net cash flow of $849 million in the third quarter of a single quarter, which is significantly narrower than the net outflow of $1,211 million during the same period last year. The overseas cloud calculates a rebound in capital spending for giants, and downstream demand will return.
In a generally depressed industry, companies have maintained their rare faster growth, with the first half of 2019 when, according to idc data, Chinese X86 servers dropped 8.4 per cent, while the wave sustained a positive increase of more than 10 per cent in two consecutive quarters, with a market share of the volume reaching 8.7 per cent. On the other hand, we have seen overseas cloud calculations.
The giants’ capital spending is expected to return to marginal warming, and three quarters of Intel, Amazon, Google, etc. are now showing signs of warming, and we believe that the needs of the server industry are likely to be established. Positive layouts and margins count, which benefit 5g from building new needs.
New business directions, such as peripheral servers, have been announced by the company in the previous period as a project for the purchase of mobile-research facility equipment for the Institute ' s winning product, N5260m5, which means that the company ' s products have received initial approval from its downstream core clients and provide a good basis for entering the margin calculation market.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: We think that companies are the leading domestic server producers, in the context of flow upgrades, and that the emerging demand for data centres and industry applications will continue to safeguard the server industry landscape, adding national production to the profile of the research assistant
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.