Cash flow continues to improve, industry voice is rising, wave information 20103 quarterly reports/computers/communications
On 31 October 2019, the company published a three-monthly report, which generated $16,690 million in revenue in the third quarter, an increase of 15.57 per cent in the same year and a net return to the mother of $244 million, an increase of 38.66 per cent in the same year; and since the beginning of the year, revenue and performance have continued to increase and strong competitiveness has been highlighted.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved a growth rate of 13.79 per cent over the same period, a reverse increase in the market of the server sector. According to survey data from idc, 2.655 million global deliveries of servers were recorded in the second quarter of 2019, a decline of 9.8 per cent compared to $18.4 billion, a decrease of 10.6 per cent compared to the previous quarter.
The same downward trend has led companies to achieve sustained growth in revenue and performance in comparison with the 300-year-old trend, highlighting the competitiveness of companies, given the short drop in global market demand for X86 servers.
\triangleright - $8.235 billion, an increase of 54.13 per cent over the previous year, indicates that companies are taking advantage of the rising influence of the power of the industry chain to improve their voice.
Downstream accounting periods, controlling the pace of procurement, and enhancing the impact of cash recovery. In addition, net cash flows from fund-raising activities decreased by 96.42 per cent over the same period in the previous three quarters as a result of the increase in the repayment of short-term debt, interest-bearing debt was lower and corporate liability levels were expected to continue to decline and capital structures were expected to improve as equity funds became available.
The company, as the absolute leader of the server industry in our country, has been the country's top-notch provider for three consecutive years, with a sustained growth of its own business in the face of shrinking demand this year, and is highly competitive in the market. As some of the Internet's giant capital spending is now warming, next year, 5g, on the periphery.
Computation and cloud computing demand continues to rise, and future server market demand is expected to warm, while firms, with their strong competitiveness, will capture the entry point and drive their own business. As a result, we maintain a “recommended” rating of the company, which is expected to be 38x in 19-21, and is valued below average as an industry giant, thus maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Big Internet capital spending has fallen short of expectations, overseas market expansion has been hampered, industry competition has intensified 1. Wave information (000977), revenue growth has increased significantly, and Māori has gained a second-best share of net profits or high innovation throughout the year.
In 2019, he joined the Institute of Human Security and the Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade. He joined the Institute of Civil Security and the Kings College of London in 2019.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.