A little overperformance, x86 server reversible expansion Incident: Three Quarterly Reports published on the previous wave, and 38.23 billion operating income achieved by the company during the reporting period Wave Group Ltd.
Global sales of x86 have declined, and corporate sales/receipts have been positive. The company's sales in the first three quarters have fallen since the global market for x86 servers for the first time since 2016q4.
q3 is expected to continue the trend of negative expansion. The relative depth of the shares is 300 indexes, costs are well controlled, and net profit performance is higher than expected.
In terms of net profits, the cost of benefits has slowed down and gross interest rates have risen, the net profit of companies has grown faster than expected, and net interest rates have risen by 0.25 percentage points. Up-down and downstream account periods have been managed effectively, and operating cash flows have improved significantly.
Net gold flows amount to $850 million, a significant improvement over the $121 million during the same period last year. In fact, net operating cash flows have continued to improve since 201804, mainly because of the continued expansion of the company’s operations and the increased voice in the industrial chain, which has led to the acquisition of up-and-down account periods and loan recovery.
Data cut-off date: November 05, 2019. The net cash flow of business activity is expected to continue to improve as market shares rise further.
Capital spending is warming from q2 onwards, q3 Amazon and Google capital spending is increasing by 40.1% _aaa_ Wave Information (000977), and 27.5% is expected to start warming early in 2020.
So, 5g entered the scale-building phase, and in October the company won the China mobile edge computing server, Song Jiangbo single, and the edge computing server moved well and is expected to become a new growth point.
Risk factors: Unexpected capital expenditure by cloud service providers, increased industry competition, Central American trade