Wave information (000977); q3 performed well and the city occupancy rate continued to rise Recommended (first) Events: Wave Information published 3rd Quarterly Report 2019, which was collected in the first 3 quarters
38.230 billion yuan, an increase of 13.79 per cent in the same year, net profit to the mother of 518 million yuan, good performance of the same year Q3 and good cost control over the same period. q3 billion dollars in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 38.66 per cent in the same year, and net profit of 228 million yuan in the same year.
This represents an increase of 17.42 per cent; the net cash flow from the company ' s operations in the first three quarters has improved significantly, by 54.13 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of changes in the company ' s up/downstream accounting period, control of the procurement festival and enhanced recovery of the goods.
• Server markets continue to increase, highlighting the competitiveness of companies. According to data from the idc Global Values Performance (Recent Year) Quarterly Tracking Report, Global Servers in the second quarter of 2019
In the second quarter of 2019, Dale and Hpe/Xinhua segregated global servers by 19.0% and 18.0%, respectively. The third was a wave/wave business machine with an increase in revenue.
32.3% long, with a global city share of 7.2%, an increase of 2.4 pct over the same period last year. The rise in public revenue in the face of shrinking global markets is sufficient to reflect the company’s pre-emptive advantage in calculating server demand at the country’s 5g edge.
Intergenerational diversification applications have led to rapid growth in marginal calculations. idc predicts that by 2020 there will be more than 50 billion end-to-equipment connections worldwide and more than 50% of the data will need to be analysed, processed and stored on the edges of the network.
With this, the marginal server market will start to explode, and the marginal calculation of the size of the market will exceed trillions. The company’s successful product ne 5260m5 winning the Otii server equipment acquisition project at the China Mobile Limited Institute, which successfully pre-empted the market, is the company.
As the domestic server industry’s leader, the wave has implemented a full-scale intelligent computing strategy in the areas of deep layout margin calculations, cloud computing, and ai servers.
Against the backdrop of rising capital spending by operators, firms are expected to break through the resurfacing, raising market rates, and we look at the company's development prospects, giving the company the first time “to push the risk of less than expected overseas operations; the risk of increased competition in the industry; and the US-China trade”.
This report has been prepared by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities. The company will not receive this report from recipients.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.