Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre q3 has outperformed expectations, reiterating that the high growth trap has arrived.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved business income of $38.23 billion, yoy + 13.8 per cent; in the first three quarters, net return to the mother 518 million, yoy + 39.1 per cent; in the third quarter, operating income of $16.69 billion, and in the other quarter, income of yoy q3 accelerated and cost improved significantly.
The Division achieved accelerated growth in q3 by validating our earlier views on the q2 battalion ' s rate of increase and the prospect of significant marginal improvements in q3 and, in line with expectations, by judging that the revenue acceleration benefits mainly from improved competition and increased market share. At the cost end, q3 sales/management/research and development costs only yoy
1. The q2 battalion’s rate of increase hits bottom, h2 is expected to yield significant positive results in the management of the upstream and downstream periods, and the cash flow of operating activities continues to improve. The net operating cash flow of the company q3 is $850 million, compared to the corresponding period last year – $1,211 million, a significant improvement.
“Trends: Opportunities: Why do we see that the gold stream continues the positive trend from q4 last year, and we believe that it is mainly due to the expansion of business and the increased voice of companies in the industrial chain that allows companies to move up and down the course of accounting, procurement, etc.
We expect that, with the increase in market share, 3. The wind rises and hits the first-wave information on the world's net cash flow of business companies will continue.
North America’s cloud giants have reheated capital spending with a 5g build-up, and the industry is nearing a high-growth window. North America’s cloud giants have recovered capital spending from q2 and q3 major cloud computing firms, Amazon and Google, have achieved growth rates of yoy+40.1% and +27.5%, respectively (q2=oy+9.8%, q2=9.8%,
+11.8%. In addition, the q3 Intel data centre collects yoy+4% (q2 to yay-10%). Data shows clear signs of recovery in cloud-related plant capital spending in North America, based on which it is assumed that the domestic cloud giants are expected to warm back early next year.
We believe that companies will benefit fully from the dividends of industry’s development. Downstream demand reheated with improved competition patterns, reiterating that high corporate growth has taken place.
Cloud computing and operator capital expenditures are not as high as expected; China-United States trade frictions have an impact on corporate operations, and then averaged the final rating as market average investment