Performance is largely in line with expectations, game business is back on track, Internet Research Assistant Wang Jiangi is doing well and multi-business is working together.
Revenue of 3,577 million yuan, an increase of 4.10 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return profit of 1,006 million yuan, an increase of 0.74 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the grand mobile game " Dragon Valleym " , which is the main source of growth in the overseas market, as well as a new and innovative platform for female reading interaction.
Moments: Chooseyourstory, which opens up European and American women users; leisure and recreation continues to grow in the priority provinces of card users, and shows the characteristics of the flow platform, the revenue from the games combined accounts for 7.51 per cent of total idle income; grindr is a leader in the European and American markets and is in South-East Asia.
Regional expansion in South Asia, Eastern Europe, etc., has led to an increase in global market access. We believe that the company’s performance is largely in line with expectations, business income structure continues to optimize, active users of products continue to grow, and existing platforms are being used to tap new profit growth points, Internet transformation continues to improve, and business is on track.
There has been a diversification of the economy. A further 2019-year report, which achieved operating income of 860 million yuan, a decrease of 2.84 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of 379 million yuan, an increase of 91.3 per cent over the same period, and a high increase in net profits, mainly due to investment earnings from the company's disposal of equity investments.
▪ The game is a steady business development, self-research and proxy drive. The company focuses fully on mobile game development and distribution, and in 18 years officially launched a new independent brand called Gameark, which covers traditional mobile games, while constantly trying to incubate h5 games, leisure games, women's reading interactions.
New items such as platforms, and attempts to synergize with other platform types of business. In terms of game products, the company's own self-research product, The Holy Land, continues to be online on a monthly basis, the two platforms are recommended for the game pages, and the company sent two new transfers in the first quarter of 1919.
The game, the overseas edition of Alita: Angels of War and the Loch market, is expected to continue to improve the platform transformation, increase the synergism of the plate, and mature its commercialization. Companies have acquired the world’s largest lgbt social platform, grindr, and live in towns on 3-6 lines.
People's social and recreational platforms have been entertaining and investing in platform-specific assets such as the global Internet brand known as Opra, successfully extending from a single game business strategy to platform operations, becoming important Internet traffic portals, creating group-level network effects through data connectivity, while at the same time creating a network effect at the corporate level.
Growing corporate experience in commercial flow operations can help the platform get a higher liquidity income. Grindr's membership fees and advertising revenues are growing by more than 25 per cent a year, free play in chess, plus the commercialization of games and advertising patterns, and inter-block business synergies.
The impact is clear and is expected to continue to drive growth in corporate performance. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.