On the 29th of May 2019, a new chapter was opened.
Juddji, research assistant, Xu Wangyang, Xiaoyang, Xiaoyang, Xiaoyang, Xiaoyang, Xiang, Xiang, Xin, Xin, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, Xing, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X,
Oncology lines (+29 per cent), anaesthesia lines (+29 per cent), imaging agents (+23 per cent) were maintained in 2018 with high rates of growth, company approvals of new varieties, thioprotein-violet (+29 per cent), and the creation of the Department of Oncology, the Department of Images, and the Integrated Production at the company level.
The Ministry of Trade and Industry, which promotes the reform of distribution on the line, transforms marketing patterns, and is expected to improve the efficiency of company marketing, laying the foundation for the marketing of innovative medicines and the maintenance of older varieties of markets.  Sustained investment in research and development to develop rich product lines, pd-1 title is in urgent need of rapid growth: company 2018
People (+44%) are at the top of the industry, and a total of 56 innovative drugs are currently being developed clinically. Carrillo Jollo is expected to be approved this year, and it connects the international multi-centre iii clinical trials with the fda for the treatment of hepatocyte cancer on the Apateni line, which is expected to be launched simultaneously in Europe and China.
Together with the advantages of corporate R & D, production, and market diffusion, we believe that Carrillo Juju is expected to gain a larger share of the market at the pd-1 market, which has more than 70 billion spaces in the country.
Thirteen varieties of ammonium curium, Dosita, etc. were approved in the U.S., three innovative medicines, public shr 0302 in 2018, overseas clinical treatments, sulfur liver to sodium, saltite injections, liquids in the U.S., HFC solvents in the U.S. and the EU, and corporate overseas varieties worked together.
With 651 million yuan in sales abroad in 2018, the elasticity of off-sea growth will grow, gradually becoming the future direction of the company. The listing of heavy-pound products, such as Dini and violet protein, will bring about sales growth, rich R & D pipelines.
End-side growth has accelerated, research and development has intensified, providing a sustained impetus for the future development of the company, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Line performance, R & D investment continues to grow, entering the period of strategic harvest of innovation, 3 and Heung Swe Medicine (600276).
The value of Heung Swe medicine's investments.
The three operational blocks of oncology, anaesthesia, cinematography and the rest of the life force account for 43 per cent, 27 per cent, 13 per cent and 29 per cent, 29 per cent and 23 per cent respectively, respectively, in 2018.
On the basis of product lines, the development of marketing networks has increased in the last two years, reaching 12,000 salesmen in 2018, and in the last three years 1) new oncology lines have been introduced and are rapidly being updated: the field of anticancer is the largest drug application in the world, with an overall projected total of over $100 billion, and companies are now predominantly focused on traditional chemotherapy drugs, including Dositas,
Oshalicon, Elitekon, etc., while the company's innovative drug, Apadaloni, has been on the market rapidly and now has more than a billion dollars in revenue. In 2018, the company's three heavy-pound strains of oncology line, cylindrical, violet protein, and 19k are on the market, and we expect to generate about 1 billion dollars in revenue this year, while, at the same time, Mo Moe.
Other varieties, such as zolpidem and Andansjung, will also be approved, and the company's heavy weight of pd-1 (Carilyadulds) is expected to be approved this year, with a high degree of resilience: the Pemen winterase, and the Apadaloni, through health insurance, are expected to increase further: the company's joint pd-1 drug is expected to fully release the market space for other chemotherapy drugs.
2) High barriers in the anaesthetic line industry and strong conglomerate: the domestic drug market is now growing by more than 10 per cent, the company's share is around 20 per cent, the company's right metomy is ordered to enter the belt purchases, and the company, despite not winning the bid, has adopted a positive price strategy and is expected to make a smooth transition; heptafluoroalkanes have a trend to replace Japanese pellets, with a price increase in the year 2018 in Buttorinno.
After that, growth is expected to continue in 2019; at the same time, Rama zirconium has been included in the priority review list and is expected to be approved in the near future, together with production declared in propofol/Long-chain fat milk, product combinations, future sales) 15% + acceleration in the film agent market, which is increasingly demanding the proper diagnosis of the disease through high-end medical devices.
This has contributed to the rapid growth of the country's film-making market in recent years, with the collaboration of the company's office and the ongoing introduction of new products, including varieties such as poppy iodized oil, microballs, etc., to enrich the product pipeline. 1) The price reduction trend for generic drugs has been established, and the company's old varieties provide steady cash flow.
The rapid growth that preceded the substantial price reduction of generic pharmaceuticals as a whole has led to the formation of a strong product ladder and marketing team, which, in the face of collateral purchases, has actively promoted consistency evaluation, with several varieties, such as HFC, DD, Ugregol protein, DJ, Eberghatan and others now evaluated by consistency.
A proactive price strategy to protect their competitive advantage against the varieties determined by the right Metomi. 2) Business style is robust and efficient. Henryroe has remained at around 20% for the past decade, with a debt burden of around 10% and full costing of R & D.
4) Deep-farming oncology, etc., has a solid marketing base. Three marketing departments have been set up, the Ministry of Oncology, Images, and the Ministry of Strategic Development, to provide the basis for changing marketing patterns and promoting deep development.
The surge is expected to pick up in 2019. The company’s main business structure: anti-cancer is at its core, with a shift from imitation to innovation.
Jiangsu Heung Swe Medicines Inc. is a pharmaceutical health enterprise engaged in the development, production and promotion of pharmaceutical innovation and high-quality medicines, founded in 1970, listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2000. As of 2018, the company had a global workforce of 21016 and is a well-known supplier of anti-cancer medicines, surgical medicines and imaging agents in the country.
Innovating drug taps, the company has four innovative drugs, Ereshabu, Apadaloni, Sulphur Pephigstilt, and Jillani, on the market, a group of innovative drugs is being developed clinically, and several innovative drugs are being developed in the United States. Jiang Suheinre Medicines Ltd. was founded in 1970, formerly the Lien Yun Hari Pharmaceutical Plant, and launched in 2003
Indirectly, the chairman holds 24.15% of the company’s shares through the conglomerate conglomerate (89.22%). The offshore funds hold 13.21% of the company’s shares through land equity, Oppenheim’s main product line: oncology line, anesthesia line, shadow line.
Three product lines in the company’s main camp, namely, oncology line, anesthesia line, and cinema line, account for 83% of total operating income. The largest number of oncology lines are found in Dositas, Oshalicon, Ilyacon, Apadaloni, among others, with the highest sales volume, and the main increase expected in the future is from three new products (Caltilini, 19k, protein violets and pd-1, which are expected to be approved);
The largest quantities of ammonium-Atolus were sold on narcotic lines, with a preponderant performance on the right of Metomia and heptafluoro; and the film agent was mainly iodized, frothol and iodized gram sarcophagus.
It is expected that the white violet will gradually have a scale effect by 2019. The anaesthetic line, Rimal, is expected to be marketed in the near future, becoming a powerful elastic strain of the anesthetic line.
In terms of the company ' s historical performance, corporate revenue has been growing steadily overall, with the company ' s revenue growing by about 20 per cent since 2014 and, for the first time, at the end of 2016, it exceeded $10 billion. The net return profit in 2018 and 2019q1 was 40.66 per cent, the cost of company sales has declined steadily in recent years, and significant investments have been made in medical innovation and development, with the company ' s clinical ii period.
As a result of this increase, R & D costs have remained at about 30 per cent or more of the rate of increase over the past few years.
Figure 7: Corporate sales costs & management costs (including R & D costs) Figure 8: Corporate M & R rates & net interest rate
The company focuses on generic pharmaceutical preparations and raw materials, mainly in the three main areas of anti-cancer, anaesthetic and anti-infection drugs.
The anti-cancer drug is the largest operating block in the company, accounting for 43 per cent of company business income in 2018, and the company industry has a great prospect of anti-cancer medicine, with a wide market space, according to the Chinese cancer statistics for 2015, published on acancerjournalforclinicians:
There are some 4,292,000 new tumours and 2,814,000 deaths in China. As a result of an increase in population ageing and environmental pollution, there has been a marked increase in the incidence and mortality of tumours, which have become the country’s highest mortality rate.
Rapidly, globally, the target-to-drug ratio is more than 50%. And in my country, the target-to-drugs start late, and because of the high cost of the target-to-drug treatment, the concentration of adaptive disorders, the relatively low cost of traditional chemotherapy drugs and the prevalence of anti-bigoma tumour agonism, the domestic market for anti-cancer drugs is dominated by anti-cancer drugs.
The company has a wealth of anti-cancer products, covering a wide range of adaptive conditions, Apadeni, Dositasi, Oshali.
The marketing of core products such as platinum, Elytekon, Lecterium, etc. are stable and at the top of the market. Oncology line innovations are frequent and are expected to replicate the Apateni sales.
In the course of the year, the market is gradually being approved. Innovative drugs have been introduced, Apadaloni, Puccordini, and 19k are expected to continue to expand the market space, and protein-based violet supremol is expected to increase further. Apadeni, as the world’s only oral agent for stomach cancer, has had excellent clinical effects.
The median survival of patients using the Apalyani commodity is 7.6 months, which is 2.6 months longer than that of the control group (take a placebot), reducing the risk of death by 40%. The price falls into the health insurance catalogue, and this is realized in exchange for the price. The company announcement of 21 December 2018 states that Shr-1210 United Apadaloni International is treating hepatocyte cancer on the line.
Multi-centre clinical trials have demonstrated the gradual international convergence of corporate innovation drug research and development. The first long-acting g-csf drug, neulasta, was launched by amgen, with short-acting g-csf sales slowing down and 2017 long-acting drug sales rising to $4.54 billion globally.
In 2017, g-csf entered health care, the rate of increase accelerated, and in 2018, g-csf was sold for the first time more than rhg-csf, which is expected to replace short-lived rhg-csf gradually in the future. Pyrolyoni was approved for marketing, and clinical data are better than Apadaloni is expected to achieve rapid release.
When the adaptive condition is in the clinical stage, it will expand further in the future, and the market space will be wide, leading to a further increase in sales. The company's co-addressed clinical data are excellent, and its combined treatment of her2+ mammary patients on line 2 is 78.5% in orr and 18.1 in pfs.
As health-care catalogues are adjusted at a faster pace, it is expected that Paldani will enter the system and achieve rapid release, and that the trend of high Apardini growth will resume in the future.
In 2016, the market in China was approximately $34.48 million, and the global market was about $1 billion a year.
Pharmacy, Heung Rue vinol proteins have all been approved, and the stone meth Akely (Uxunol protein) has been delivered since March 2018, and is expected to be sold in 2019, amounting to 1 billion Hong Kong dollars. And companies are expected to take a fast share of the imported drugs, with a strong science base and product competitiveness, and a future combination of pd-1 drugs is expected to boost the market.
3.2. Anaesthetic lines: high barriers in the industry, strong corporate drug unions, government-controlled moats, sustained growth of the market for the saper.
Anaesthetic pain pills and psychopharmaceuticals are severely regulated by the State because of their addiction.
The advantages are evident from the high level of corporate moats. 2) The paraffins are priced by the government, are not tendered and are not subject to price reduction. 3) The paralysing drugs are highly specialized, and the anaesthetists do not usually easily replace the varieties of the anaesthetic drugs and the manufacturers, due to safety considerations and caution.
The country’s market for narcotic drugs is concentrated because of the country’s strict control of narcotic drugs. According to sample hospital data, the country’s top three companies account for 55% of the total, with companies accounting for the first place in total since 2014, reaching 25.46% in 2018 (the sum of Jiangsu Hisung Swe plus the city of Hae Heung Swe).
Figure 14: Subsectors of anaesthetics 2012-2018
At present, the main products are right-hand memino, aromatic ammonium, sulfonyl ammonium, ketamine, heptafluoroalkane, itomethane, Rothicaine, and left-hand Bubiccaine. Of these, right-hand memico, sulfonate ammonium and heptafluoroalkanes account for 95% of the company’s narcotic products.
The largest share of narcotic drugs in the right metomi is set to be sold at $1.68 billion in 2018, remaining at over 10 per cent. The winning firm is the Yangtze Medicines industry. Heung Swe is now gradually laying out and carrying out price shocks in the provinces outside the winning bid, which is essentially lower than the price in the Yangzi Medicines industry (133 yuan/only, 2ml:0.2 mg), while the overall decrease is within 10 per cent.
The sales of ammonium and heptafluoroalkanes in the Autumn Bank were over 1 billion yuan (1.28 billion yuan and 1,242 million yuan, respectively), compared to the competitors, where the rate of municipal participation rose from year to year, at more than 50%. It is worth mentioning that there has been a marked increase in the market share of hexafluoroalkanes, with a tendency to replace Japanese quartz-like products.
Figure 16: Sale of right-wing Metomic sample hospitals
Medium-heavy pain relief. In 2018, the company increased its sales of botox alcohol by 24.14 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with sales amounting to 988 million yuan. As a company’s early exclusive listing species, prices were removed from the post-2015 country and sales were driven by higher prices. pdb data show that the sales of sample hospitals increased by over 240 per cent in 2018.
Figure 18: Price of Heinrich-Britto-Ramino. Figure 19: Distribution of Heinrich-Britto-Rinco Hospital.
Motivants, applied to whole body anesthesia in selective surgery, can be extended to accelerosis, pre-operative anaesthesia, and icu in mirrors. The company has been included in the priority review catalogue and is expected to be approved in 2019.
/Long-chain fat milk has been declared production in September 2018. This product is safer than isopropol (proporol), is co-ordinated with the silvills, and is now declared production by the company Sedishavu, a sample of which was sold at 227 million in 2018 and has always been sold at the hospital.
A steady growth, with more than 99 per cent of Pfizer currently on the market, is expected to take over the original drug market. Figure 20: Sales at the Séléseau sample hospital 3.3. Shape agent: a strong force growing with opportunities
The industry maintains more than 10% of the accelerator line, which is a chemical product that is injected (or taken) into human tissues or organs to enhance image observation. These products have a higher or lower density than the surrounding tissue, and comparisons are made with certain devices. For example, x-line observations are common.
Iodine formulations, sulphate hooks, etc. The catalogue of medicines in the National Basic Health Insurance contains four main categories: ordinary x-line imaging agents, ct-filtration agents, magnetic resonance imaging agents, and other imaging agents. With the development of the country’s economy and the spread of social medicine, the population’s demands for health are no longer limited to diseases.
Early detection, diagnosis and treatment have become central to the prevention and treatment of the disease, which has led to an increasing demand for accurate diagnosis of the disease through high-end medical devices, which has contributed to a rapid increase in the market for cinematographers in recent years. According to pdb data, by 2018, approximately 4.2 billion yuan had been sold in the country’s sample hospitals, a 17 per cent increase per year.
The Division seized the opportunity of a rapid growth in the film agent market, from 753 million in 2014 to 2,324 million in 2018, with an increase of 18.08 per cent, with the highest rate in the city. The main varieties of iodized fol and iodized gramol were rapidly released and the market was dominated.
Shadow agents are the third most rapidly emerging business of the company, with fewer, more concentrated, smaller and faster revenues than other businesses. The company has grown rapidly, gradually replacing ge medicine, becoming the largest producer of film agents in the country. In 2018, the market for film agents was 26.79 per cent and ranked first in the country.
After many years of development, the product lines of the Shapes have been expanded, and four of these have now been approved, iodized Buddhists and iodized grams of sarcophagus.
With the restructuring of the Ministry of Industry, the film agent is now being incorporated into the Ministry of Images, and as individual products grow and new varieties are added, companies will remain in the vanguard for the long term. Simulation combines the creation of a domestic pharmaceutical leader, with drug innovation plus the export of preparations.
4.1. Four phases of Heung Swe ' s development - the gradual transition from generic to innovative medicines - can be broadly divided into four phases based on Hing Swe ' s past development, i.e. 1) Phase I: Silent Period (2000 - 2006), the company completes the equity-sharing reform, while Heptafluoroane,
(ii) Phase II: time of release (2006-2010), company performance in the oncology drug Osali and Dosita marketing phase IV: innovation-driven (from 2012 to the present) and innovation-driven drugs such as Ereshabou and Apadeni are on the market.
The introduction of documents such as the review and approval of innovative medicines has been accelerated, the policy has been conducive to innovation, the company Appadeni has been selling them gradually, while in 2018, the company was awarded 4.2.0 pounds of heavy varieties, such as 19k, pyrolyrin and violet supremol, and the company ' s old varieties provide a steady cash flow.
In recent years, under the influence of drug control charges, i.e. pharmaceutical price pressure, combined with the introduction of the “4+7” urban drug belt procurement policy at the end of 2018, official negotiations were held in 11 cities on 6 December for centralized national procurement, with 25 seizures. The price of the selected drug purchased was announced, with an average reduction of 52 per cent, with a maximum reduction of more than 90 per cent, of which the N'Dave price was reduced by more than 90 per cent.
Ninety%, or 60%. And how and by what scale the unselected varieties in the 4+7 range of purchases have been reduced, and Shanghai has made the rules and issued to the enterprise, with a maximum price reduction of up to 30%.
The definition of new medicines in the country's new drug protection policy before and after 2000 provides a good market space for the company's first counterfeiting drug, and the company's Dositas, Oshalipers, Lecter, Eliercom, among others, have also been on the market during this period, with Osalipers and Dositas becoming the backbone of the company's growth in its performance over the years.
Figure 27: Status of new drug-related policies in the country. Companies are at the forefront of the industry in the three main areas of anti-cancer, anaesthesia and film-making.
The highest rate is recorded in 7.81 per cent of the municipalities, while in the case of anaesthesia and film-making agents, which are now in the forefront of the industry because of the abundance of the company ' s oncology products and the improved layout of the oncology section, anaesthetic lines and film-making agents are rapidly taking over the market through the company ' s marketing team.
Figure 28: Number of companies in various areas of the country (pdb 2018 sample hospital data)
Iodine frothol angiography;ct
Iodine gsalol Angiography; ct 2) The market share of most products has remained stable and growing, with the imitation of the first drug gradually taking over the original research market
In order to maintain the market price, companies have selected some of the bid. Companies have continuously contributed to innovative research and development through the old variety of advantages, providing security for innovative research and development. 3) Competition for the variety has increased and prices for the generic drug have increased. "4+7" purchases of pharmaceutical belts have accelerated the decline in the manufacture of generic drugs.
In the past three years, the average price fell by about 5%. In the case of Dositas and Oshalicons, there were 16 competitors, so the average fell by 4.9% and 6.36% respectively over the last three years. The number of competitors was 52.21%, compared with the number of rivals determined by the right. The top-priced drug ladders in the unselected varieties, as indicated in the supplement to the Shanghai region, was concentrated in 4+7 cities.
Table 8: The first “4+7” city-level purchases of the first varieties of the first batch, the right meta-medium was awarded the price of 133 yuan (2ml:0.2mg) from the Yangtze pharmaceutical industry.
Specifications), Heung-seo offered to reduce the winning bid of Right America in An engraved to $123, a reduction of 32 per cent, 7 per cent below the collection price of Yang Zhejiang, and maintain competitiveness of the species. 4.3. Invest heavily in innovative R & D, leading the R & D efficiency industry
In addition to quantitative advantages, only Heng Swe has received two batches of innovative medicines, while others are generic. After a short-term impact of the 2015-2016 clinical data self-checking, and the chemical classification reform, companies are now in the process of concentrating on innovative medicines, not only in terms of the rapid increase in the number of newly declared clinical varieties, but also in the number of approved varieties.
Of these, 54 per cent of 1 type of innovative drug (including 1.1) declared between 2017 and 2018 has been declared since the company ' s inception, with Henryroe remaining at around 20 per cent for a decade, with an average of only 12 per cent in the chemical industry, while the company roic remained at over 20 per cent, ahead of domestic counterparts.
Figure 34: Disaggregated pharmaceutical enterprises 2007-2017roe Figure 35: Individual pharmaceutical companies 2007-2017roic Situations Corporate core operations generate sufficient cash flows, Heung Swe has an asset-liability ratio of around 10 per cent and funding is in good condition
Corporate money in late 2019q1 amounted to $4.27 billion. As the company’s large product lines, with their heavy-pound variety, gradually developed on a scale scale, the overall sales cost rate has been declining, until the end of the year, mainly as a result of product development and the increase in recent years in clinical stages, especially in three clinical projects.
The company has always maintained a sound business style and fully costed R & D costs to avoid the future impact of asset impairments that may result from lower than expected from R & D results.
The company focuses on the Oncology Unit, focuses on the promotion of brand-based oncology drugs, and co-sells the related product line anesthesia, cinematography, and gradually develops core products around the oncology section, oncology lines, anaesthesia lines, and cinematography.
The principle of “sources” is based on the concept of sales, which begins with the division of lines, the future of professional achievement, the organizational restructuring of the division of sales, businesses, and the creation of three new marketing ministries and strategic development ministries to provide the basis for transforming the marketing model and promoting further development.
Regional management centres have been set up in the districts (except Hong Kong and Australasia) and specialized marketing networks have been set up throughout the country.
New products, such as cartoni, 19k, and violet protein, have been approved for the market in the year, requiring increased marketing of new products. Because of the abundance of innovative drugs in companies, academic outreach is essential, and companies are mostly selling directly, as the number of sales workers in this company is among the highest in the country’s pharmaceutical companies.
Internationalization is one of the key corporate development strategies. Since 2005, companies have targeted their production systems at the international level.
The most well-known and authoritative pharmaceutical regulator, the United States fda, has worked to achieve its internationalization strategy by exporting raw materials and imitating pharmaceutical preparations. Currently, the company has international standard production workshops and first-class production equipment, the export of preparations has replaced raw materials as the backbone of the company’s exports, many varieties have been marketed in Europe and America and Japan, and overseas sales have been made.
Annual growth. Overseas corporate revenues in 2018 amounted to $651 million.Figure 39: Corporate overseas operating income and speed increase.
One product is allowed to conduct clinical trials overseas.
The Division will continue to make steady progress in the development of innovations and the internationalization of formulation products, while also focusing on the optimization of the product structure, which is expected to contribute to sustained growth in corporate performance. Sustained investment in the development of a rich product line, with the pd-1 title in need of rapid growth
In keeping with the high proportion of R & D inputs and the focus on bio-like drugs, the company's product lines are mainly on oncology, covering almost all hot spots, ranging from small molecular targets to single resistance, with the exception of oncological drugs, the company's profile in slow diseases such as diabetes, its own immune disease, and the future.
The company's R & D costs amounted to $662 million, an increase of 56.67 per cent over the same period, further increases in R & D inputs, R & D costs of 13.32 per cent, which have continued to grow in recent years, giving strong support to the company's projects through the submission of 144 new domestic patents, the submission of 78 new international pct applications, the granting of domestic authorizations to 26 countries.
In 2018, two batches of innovative pharmaceutical preparations were obtained, and seven batches of generic pharmaceutical preparations were obtained; 16 clinical batches of innovative medicines were obtained, and two clinical batches of generic drugs were obtained. In the development of innovative medicines, Heng Swe is now largely in place.
The number of R & D workers in the company reached 3116 in 2018, an increase of 44% over the same year, mainly as a result of the growing number of company product lines entering the mid- and late-clinic stages, the expansion of product lines, and the increase in the number of clinical laboratory personnel, which are among the highest in the pharmaceutical industry.
Figure 42: Number of R & D by major pharmaceutical companies in 2018, based on consistent strong R & D inputs by companies, is well known for product innovation. The year 2018 has been an important harvest period for companies in recent years.
In the next 2019, in addition to increasing the academic promotion and marketing of new products such as sulfur-pessel distillium injection (19k), Malay, sodium-carrying tablets, and the injection of purple filamentol (teprotein combination), the company's research and approval of the listing of heavy-pound varieties such as pd-1 in the development line is nearing completion and is expected to become a significant medium- and long-term performance of the company.
In the company’s innovation pipeline, pd-1 and beverage billiards, among others, are the company’s heavy-pound varieties and are the beginning of the company’s layout on the biopharmaceutical side. According to Frost Sullivan, biologically similar medicines are expected to grow rapidly in the country, with more than 5 billion people expected to grow in 2020.
Drug prices are now more common in the United States than in commercial insurance-based medical payment systems, and in markets outside the United States, the price increases for oncological drugs are relatively low. In corporate innovation lines, not just for pd-1s, but also for new adaptive conditions, they will be dramatically enhanced.
The market space for heavy-pound pd-1 drugs is wide, companies give priority to the evaluation of “all-power drugs” in the first group in the country, and the market space is large pd-1, expressed mainly in activated t-cells and b-cells, with the function of inhibition cell activation and the immune system.
A normal self-sustainment mechanism. But the tumor micro-environment induces t-cell high expression pd-1 molecules, and the tumor cells are high at the formulations pd-l1 and pd-l2, leading to the constant activation of pd-1 circuits in the tumor micro-environment, t-cell function is inhibited and incapacitated.
The antibodies of pd-1/pd-l1 can block this route, partially restore t-cell function, enabling these cells to continue to kill tumor cells and eventually induce immunity escape.
Products such as pd-l1 are on the market. After the first batch of melanoma accompanies, the pd-1/pd-l1 immunosuppressants have gone up, and Keytruda is currently receiving 11 tumour adaptives, with 8 perdivos, and immunotherapy treatments are widely used in combination.
Clinical projects for the treatment of rcc, of which 103 are combination therapies, and some have achieved excellent clinical results. Pd-1 superior data on many cancer treatments have led to the rapid addition of opdivo, keytruda to the top ten (nine, four, respectively) of global drug sales. The end demand is high and is expected to increase with the market for imported drugs and new domestic products.
Pd-1 domestic penetration rates will continue to be aligned to the United States market when released. Figure 47: Opdivo, Keytruda sales (millions of United States dollars) Figure 48: pd-1/pd-l1 target to drug use (per million)
Despite the early victory of gsk in the patent dispute, the first payment of $625 million from Mossad and the 2.5-6.5 per cent share of Keytruda ' s annual sales, Keytruda, with Keynote-021g/189/407/024/042, took the next lung carcinoma and significantly expanded the adaptive population, which successfully outpaced the sale of opdivo in 2018.
Innovative drugs, headed by pd-1/pd-l1, have been an important engine of growth in the global marketing of oncological drugs since 2012. To date, pd-1/l1 drugs have been approved for melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer, Hodgkin lymphos cancer, bladder cancer, etc., and there is a series of clinical studies under way to study adaptive disorders, and as new adaptive disorders continue to be approved, they are being produced.
On March 18, fda approved the first treatment of tecentriq combined catholic and Itopotone for extensive small-cell lung cancer (es-sclc), which followed the first treatment of non-synchronous nsclc and breast cancer.
Tecentriq is a first-line treatment. After opdivo, paragraph 2 was approved for pd-(l) 1 anti-septic lung cancer. pd-l1 has a growing adaptive capacity and has a wide potential. Based on the excellent clinical effects of pd-1/l1 and the wide range of adaptive conditions, we expect the domestic market pd-1 to be empty.
It is expected to exceed $70 billion a year. 1) Assuming pd-1 unit prices are based on the real Tripley price: $7200/240 mg; assuming that pd-1 adaptive conditions are approved overseas;
Assuming that the period of delivery is the length of the non-progressive survival period for clinical trials. 4) Assuming that the average patient weighs 60 kg. pd-1 landed on the domestic market, the first group became clear and the country was competitive.
Four pd-1 units of resistance are currently approved in the country, including two imports, two national products, covering three adaptive conditions, namely, Nsclc, melanoma and Hodgkin lymphoma, including keytuda (molecinoma), opdivo (non-small cell lung cancer), Trepley (Kunsu, melanoma), and Sindili (Sinda, typical of Hodgkin lymphoma).
At the end of September, there were 190 million and 150 million per drug. We estimate that as of the end of the year, we have been able to estimate the number of medicines per drug.
Domestic pd-1 data are comparable to imported medicines, and pricing advantages increase market competitiveness by comparing national production with imported clinical data for pd-1, which is less effective than imported medicines, whether objective mitigation rates or full mitigation rates.
Ten thousand dollars, using a four-grant drug strategy, at a price of $936,000, far below the import price, combined with good clinical data on the product, and expected higher acceptance of the national product pd-1.
Pd-1 joint medications are expected to further optimize clinical treatments, and the only currently approved combination medications for immunotherapy are keytruda combined merciless and carpium chemotherapy for non-small cell lung cancers with a 55 per cent success rate; and chemotherapy alone is only effective.
29%. Keytruda has a median no progress survival period of 13 months for combined chemotherapy, 8.9 months for stand-alone chemotherapy, and joint treatment reduces the risk of progress of 47% of the disease, and the treatment effects and pd-l1 table are currently in a number of joint treatment programmes.
In addition to the three-stage clinical failure of the melanoma, the rest of the clinical data is optimistic. The country’s pharmaceutical companies, while actively setting up single-drug treatments, are also exploring joint treatments.
The international multi-centre iii clinical trial for the treatment of hepatocyte cancer on the anti-pd-1 antibody shr-1210 UBS has been communicated with the United States fda, which is expected to take place in parallel with the United States, Europe, and China. Henry pharmaceutical pd-1 co-benefits well, and the ii clinical trial for the joint administration of drugs have covered a variety of clinical trials.
The number and pace of adaptations, including non-small cell lung cancer, small cell lung cancer, hepatocell cancer, soft tissue carcinomas, and gastrointestinal tube-connected gland cancer, are significantly ahead of the same companies in the country. It is interesting to note that the company’s oncology lines include not only Dosita, violet ol protein, and Oshalicon.
Drugs, including innovative drugs such as Apadaloni and Vallonini, provide multiple combinations of pd-1 combinations. 5.2.4. The country’s four largest producers are expected to emerge in a larger way, with high levels of research and development inputs and barriers, in addition to importing two products, the competition of four pharmaceutical companies in the country will become more hot.
At the R & D level, Heung Swe has 3,000 researchers, far more than other competitors, who are well-protected in follow-up adaptive expansion and joint drug program research. The Heung Swe Annual Report shows that corporate sh-1210 (pd-1) projects have accumulated R & D.
In terms of production, more than 20 years have passed since the production of deep-dry medicine, which has now grown to 10 billion in the upper income category, and has been deployed to production workshops in the regions of Lien Yungang, Xiamen, etc., as compared to the other three.
There is a gap between the test and the test; in terms of capacity, we estimate that by the end of 2019 the company is expected to produce 24,000 litres, roughly equivalent to its other rivals. In terms of marketing, the company sold at least 8,000 in 2018 on the oncology line, the marketing network was sound and the distribution network was strong.
In a stronger market, with a greater reliance on distributors for sales than in a more persistent market education, the company is able to do the market sink when the O, K, captures high-end markets such as the Trinity Hospital, where the company is the leader of the domestic medicine, and the oncology line is expanding, whether it be marketed from new products (Pythony, Zishi).
The company’s overall efficiency is constantly being optimized. On the other hand, the company is constantly investing in research and development of incremental medicine innovations, and is researching product lines.
Based on sound corporate business style, diversified product lines, and rich R & D pipeline reserves, we expect 25.7%, equivalent to 53x/42x/33x, marketed heavy-pound products, such as diagony, violet protein, to generate sales growth, and rich R & D pipelines to provide a sustained impetus for the company’s future development. Companies, as industry leaders, benefit from governance.
The benefits of innovation and the increased concentration of industries have resulted, so we maintain a “buy-in” rating. 1) Research and development progress is less than expected. Corporate research and development clinical trials result in lower than expected risks, pharmaceuticals. Review and approval are less than expected.
Policies such as the purchase of pharmaceutical belts lead to a lower than expected risk of drug sales. Competitions such as Dositas have increased, varieties such as right-wing Metomite have had a collateral effect, and sales of company products have a lower than expected risk.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board