Information technology hardware and equipment Pod: 5g power switching for growth, new products, new downstream bricks, improved core client phone readiness strategy and flat-plating super-expected corporate crop rate, year-round
Thanks to an improvement in a mobile phone readiness strategy, the first half of the year's release of the iphone series was driven by an increase of 1.47 per cent in corporate communications billboard revenues in response to the epidemic; on the other hand, in the first half of the year, the epidemic led to the emergence of a remote economy.
Total equity/flow (million shares)a Total market value/flow (millions)a Total market value/flow (millions) of products such as tablet computers, laptop computers and wireless headphones
In addition, corporate consumption of electronics and computer panels increased by 23.12 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and we noted in our February review of the company’s performance flash report that “with the impact of the new crown epidemic, a customer supply chain is more flexible and flexible than Andre's supply chain,” in the company’s first half of the year.
This view is well confirmed by the smooth delivery balance, and now, although the market is under the heading of “United States net net network activity, soft differentials, 5g switch-of-power booster growth”
Or the impact of this noise, which will affect the availability of a passenger 5g new aircraft”, but we do not think it is necessary to over-require -- 2020/02/28 -- the supply chain readiness of a passenger, the company's collection data for July (income)
For six months, a guest will release a new 5g machine and a miniled ipad, both of which have pure inside growth expansion cases, and slp and ultra thin hdi products are expected to boost corporate performance.
On the slp side, the company has stabilized a client, a small number of companies in the country with the ability to supply slp. With the arrival of 5g, the internal space claims for smartphones will be further enhanced, and slp applications are expected to gradually penetrate into the national flagship model of core branders, and the company's ipo will be mobilized.
By the end of this year, the firm’s competitiveness in this area will be further enhanced by the ambitious high-level hdi (slp) project for capital investment, which will mainly be applied to the miniled backlight module, which the company is the few to master.
One of the producers is also currently investing in a forward-looking construction of a new production line in the Huai An Park (investment progress 11.35 per cent) and is expected to be operational by the end of the year. In the second half of this year, a client is expected to import a miniled backlight technology programme into the new flatbed brain, nb, and the company will be able to import products.
A five-g switch to boost growth, new products, new downstream bricks, new lines of production are expected to contribute to a new incremental elasticity of performance starting next year. As the new downstream layout moves, look for the next blue sea market.
In the areas of communications (smart phones), consumer computers, computers, etc., the company is also increasing its profile in new applications such as automobiles, electronics, servers/stores, and the parent company acquires pre-existing communications specialized in the production of products such as motor panels, server cards, etc.
For example, automobile boards are well equipped with 10oz thick copper circuit boards that are already available for new energy vehicles. Companies have better complementarities with pre-rich products, and it is hoped that in the future they will be able to use the advantage of pre-rich channels for clients to speed up their own layout in the relevant areas, thus opening up further the ceilings that companies grow.
In the current trend, fpc and slp continue to grow in single machine value and use on mobile phones, while the demonstration effect of important international customers will double the company’s ability to develop front-line brand manufacturers in the country.
The slower-paced domestic brands, driven by increased demand for intra-phone integration, have also begun to introduce slp, the company's card edge is expected to lead to a re-elevation of performance, and the thin hdi, car panels and server boards are at the heart of the company's future elastic growth in performance.
(2) Imports of slp by front-line manufacturers in the country are not as fast as expected: (3) Corporate ipo Project Profit Forecasts and Financial Indicators: Pond Holdings: 5g Switching for Growth, New Products, New Downstream Bricks
Ping Dynasty Holdings: 5g to boost growth, new products, new downstream bricks and masonry.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.