The demand for consumer electronic panels is strong, and h1 performance is growing steadily, by 8.31 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother is $792 million over the same period, by 29.92 per cent over the same period.
The demand for consumer electronics boards has grown steadily. In the first half of 2020, companies achieved revenues of 3,647 million yuan from sales of board products, an increase of 23.12 per cent in the same year; in communications, revenues of 6,463 million yuan, an increase of 1.47 per cent in the same period. q2, companies achieved revenues of 6,145 million yuan in the same quarter.
At 20.03%, the ring decreased by 2.37 percentage points, or 0.89 percentage points in the same year; q2 sales actively promoted new technology reserves and projects proceeded well. The company is actively engaged in the development of 5g-related products, and has the technical capacity to produce key products, such as the 5g antenna, and is in the process of doing so.
The company’s miniled backlight circuit board project is expected to be operational by the end of the year; work on the first phase of the Shenzhen II plant has been completed and work on the second phase is being accelerated; and the fund-raising project continues as planned, with high-level hdi printing.
By that time, the company’s market competitiveness in the high-level area of hdi (slp) will be further enhanced. Moreover, companies will continue to increase their investment in the back of India to accelerate the company’s global layout.
High R & D inputs, keeping technology ahead of schedule. Companies focus on “new materials, new products, new processes, new tools, and new technologies” with “light, small, medium, fast, smart” as the net debt ratio for R & D (%) (2020e)
In the first half of 2020, the company strengthened the US Port Business Company Ltd.
The R & D layout of technology related to big data images and 5g communications applications, with 469 million R & D, is based on the market price of 12 August 2020, with less than expected demand for cellular terminals; 5g is less advanced than expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.