Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
The company released its second-quarter performance: q2 earned $6.15 billion in 2020, an increase of 20.46 per cent in the same year, net profit for mothers of $484 million, an increase of 14.05 per cent in the same year, net profit for non-mothers of $485 million, an increase of 31.65 per cent in the same year and performance in line with expectations.
The Māori rate declined in the second quarter of the second quarter of the year, influenced by a large client ' s machine structure. The company ' s combined slp and fpc single machines in iphonese2 were lower than the other models, mainly because of the larger client ' s second-quarter model, which produced more iphonese2.
Large clients have undertaken price discount promotions, and suppliers have assumed lower costs in the industrial chain. We believe that companies faced many challenges in the second quarter, including the impact of the out-of-sea epidemic on the supply chain, positive corporate responses and good performance in the second quarter, in addition to the low single machine value of se2.
1. The q1 Māori rise is evident, with new growth points driving the performance of flat-board and laptop computers, which grew by 23.12 per cent over the same period, Māori driven by the same ratio, and corporate performance is expected to grow rapidly in 2021.
q1 Proficiency Increases, year-round performance is expected The company has added new material numbers to the new aircraft and the volume of single machines has increased. From the rhythm, company performance is projected for the fourth quarter of this year and the first quarter of next year, owing to delays in the production of new machines by large clients
3. q1 ' s increased profitability, promising a steady year ' s performance. This year, affected by the epidemic, the global sales of smartphones have declined significantly, with a projected 10 to 15% slide year-round. Apple has taken a proactive strategy by introducing the S2 model and targeting all of them.
20201114. Product Structure and Resolidation Impacts Three Quarter Māori Rates, machine-type price reductions, positive penetration into mid-markets, and we're looking at a flat or slight decline in overall iPhone sales this year compared to last year, with sales of iPhones expected to reach 230 million in 2021, driven by a 5g switch.
More than that, the company’s harvest from iphone is relatively high, and the new opportunities are expected to add new material next year. The increase in the q2 Māori ratio is significant, and the rest of the year is expected to be steady, with positive benefits.
New material numbers, and the transfer of the older ones, the mpi and lcp of the 5g mobile phone are expected to continue to increase the unit price; the production capacity of the island of Qin continues to increase, with a 30% share of the order for the larger client this year, and the company ' s slp product is expected to increase its share of the larger clientele and compete with its competitors.
Compared to the company ' s slp qualification rate, which is more profitable; the company ' s main supply is expected to be ultra-hdi, super-hdi technology is more difficult, and the company is Xin Xin Xuan.
A small number of companies with that technology are expected to carry a multiplicity of products next year with the miniled (8621) 61038318 technology, and companies are well prepared to produce in ultrahdi and are expected to benefit positively in the future.
The volume of mobile phone production in iphone 5g has been delayed, sales have fallen short of expectations, and the Māori rate has declined.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment