q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q1 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 = q2 = q2 = q2 = q2 = q2 = q2 = q2 = q2 = q2 = q2 = q2 = q2 = Q1 = = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 Q1 = Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q
Pcb products are one-stop service platforms. According to the Prismark data, the company ' s 2017-2019 billion yen rose to $26.615 billion, and the cagr reached 11.71%, while the main business maintained a steady growth and growth trend. The company ' s main product is fpc, hdi, slp, etc., and the product is widely used in calculations.
According to the company announcement, 2020q2 is growing by more than 20% on a year-on-year basis. fpc’s downstream demand increases, and future volumes are expected to rise: with the 5g switch on, and so on.
The demand for fpc will continue to increase steadily in the future, as the rapid growth in the volume of products to be worn, while process technological upgrades and increases in the size and number of layers will also lead to an increase in the value of fpc single machines, which is expected to increase substantially and with good momentum in the future. Company technology is at the forefront of the industry, depending on the number of customers.
Household customization requires the production of fpc products in different layers, which is now mostly 3 floors above. At the same time, companies introduce large data processors (engineeringdataanalysis) in semiconductor production in fpc production, effectively improving product quality through big data analysis.
The process of good production will continue in the future with the introduction of the ai application and machine learning, the promotion of the company to the industrial 4.0 smart plant, which will continue to move towards automation, intelligence, and digitization through the automation and upgrading of existing production lines.
Starting production, a steady increase in capacity utilization is expected by the end of 2020.  Keeping pace with the 5g wave change, slp extension optimized product structure: as the 5g develops, will result in upgrading and upgrading of electronic parts and components within mobile phones, an increase in the number of built-in electronic components and electricity
The pool has increased its demand for the internal space of the cell phone. The company actively develops the slpboard, which is less thick and less large than the slp board, and allows for more electronic devices to be placed inside the cell, while providing larger room for batteries to adapt to 5g.
In terms of prices, the slp board has also increased considerably compared to the hdi. The Qin Island Slp project has been launched in 2019q3 and is expected to achieve a significant yield forecast and investment rating by the end of 2020: companies actively promote the development of new technologies for new products such as fpc, slp, etc.
Production and production, with a marked increase in product competitiveness, are expected to lead to high growth in corporate performance as future demand increases, product structure optimization increases and production capacity increases for fpc and slp extension projects. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board