South-West Securities Research and Development Centre • Summary of performance: companies disclosed mid-2020 performance, with companies in 2020h1 receiving $10.12 billion, a year-on-year increase
8.3% by length; net profit due to the mother is 790 million yuan, a 30% increase by the same year. The net profit due to the mother ' s deduction is 760 million yuan, and the company responded positively to the effects of the 2020-h1 epidemic, with a sharp upturn in performance. Company q1 returns 3.97 billion yuan in a single season, a decrease of 6.3%, q2 $6.15 billion in a single season, an increase of 20.5%, and the Ring growth of 54.9%.
q2 performance growth is a direct boost to the negative growth in 2020h1. The 2020h1 performance growth is the positive response of companies to the results of the epidemic, to the active coordination of overseas suppliers ' home-grown services during the reporting period, and to the restructuring of the distribution of suppliers to increase cooperation with local suppliers to secure the supply chain.
Local manufacturers upgrade their technological capabilities to meet corporate demand. • Consumer electronics and computing board performance has led to an increase in the combined Māori rate. 2020h1, Consumer Electronics and Calculators collected $3.65 billion, an increase of 23.1 per cent and Māori 27.5 per cent, compared to Piti.
In contrast, the communications sector received $6.46 billion, an increase of 1.5 per cent, and the Māori rate of 17.2 per cent, a decrease of 1.9 per cent; overall, the increase in corporate Māori ratio of 1 pp was driven by the growth of consumer electronics and accounting boards, mainly because of the impact of the epidemic on the housing economy demand, which led to the growth of hardware and equipment at the end of the epidemic.
• 5g catalytic terminal hardware upgrades, and the miniled backboards are expected to grow in volume and ensure continued growth of companies. 5g Continuous promotion of hardware upgrades for end products. hdi board to slp, antenna fpc materials to lcp.
Mpi et cetera, the value of the single item is gradually increasing; especially the slp board is more valuable than the hdi plate and smaller in size, leading to a wider use of the fpc board for other small volume features. As the company’s slp line is gradually becoming operational, the company’s competitiveness in the area of slp will increase further.
The supply chain is gradually being introduced, and the company’s new production line is expected to be operational by the end of the year, with a pre-emptive advantage. The annual net profit cagr remains at 19.3%, taking into account the company’s subsequent rising market share, and maintaining “buying of stock holding (002938); the start of the new aircraft supply cycle.
4. Penang Holdings (002938): new aircraft ready to open, light season (2019-12-09)
6. Pond Holdings (002938): Performance meets expectations, No. 4 has not been, nor will it be, obtained directly or indirectly from specific recommendations or views in this report, and Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.