We're all in the "Little Knowledge of the Horse", the channel, the price-fixing capacity to build the Protector's River.
Reason for the report: In-depth report. A custom-made head of furniture: a three-horse car, a front-runner. The company was founded in 1994 as the owner of custom household products, such as cabinets, closets, baths and wooden doors.
In parallel with the O’Connor brand, the terminal’s three horses optimized the terminal’s one-car drive. The 2017,q1-3, with a net profit of $6.9 billion (+37%) and a net profit of $950 million (+32%), ranked first in the industry.
“All of us” really solves the pain of the domestic consumer, and constitutes long-term competitiveness and wins the winner. (2) In the face of the negative effects of the downside of real estate, price sensitivity, etc., the power of the channel is market data: March 14th, 2018.
Helping to maximize access to effective flows, price-fixing capacity to balance value for money and profitability, both of which require time and resource deposits, constitutes a barrier to medium- and long-term competition. Everyone is strategically located, with multi-grade layouts flowering: the largest in the company’s coverage industry.
This includes closets, wooden doors, bathrooms, cooking power, wall decorations, etc., which are ranked first, closets, sales earnings second, baths, wooden doors, and a combination growth rate of about 31% and 56% in 2014-2016.
\diamond has the widest reach, with longer sedimentation times everywhere and across groups, better quality distributors/stores resources, team maturity and familiarity with local markets.
The cost advantage expands the concessional space, and brand positions create premium capabilities: (1) cost efficiency controls are excellent, and end-concession capabilities are guaranteed. (2) brands are popular, and markets recognize premium premiums.
The average sales price is also the highest in the industry. Ping Haiqing Profit Forecasts, Valuation Analysis and Investment Recommendations: Companies are expected to return to their parent companies net profits in 2017-19
Competition in the industry increases risks; market spread is not as popular as expected; prices of raw materials are rising, etc.
7th floor, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. 1.1 has developed over 24 years, and custom furniture is an absolute leader.
Founded in 1994, the company pioneered the introduction of the European concept of the “total kitchen” into the country, creating domestic cabinets and customizing the first river. The company’s main closets, closets, guard baths, and wooden doors, among others, are customized designs, R & D, production, marketing and installation services, which, after 24 years of development, have been established as leaders in the overall closet area.
The company is ranked first in the custom furniture industry in terms of its income, with a net profit of $950 million, of which the custom cabinet is the country’s first in size and the custom closet is the country’s second in size (after Sofia).
In 2016, the Europeans officially announced a three-horse-by-car strategy, in which everyone lives in parallel with the three-horse-by-carriage brand of Ophori, optimising the end-of-the-carriage drive. In this, the O'Hara brand targets the emerging middle-end consumer market, setting the tone of the young fashion, with a clear strategic orientation of forward-lookingness, rejuvenation, intellectual customization.
Through the ipo fund-raising project, the company has expanded its production base in Guangzhou and Tianjin and built new tin-free production bases, breaking through production bottlenecks and further releasing the growth dynamic of products such as overall kitchens, whole closets, custom wooden doors, etc.
The company actually controls the founder, Mr. Yao Liang Song, and holds 68.47% of the company’s shares. In addition, Red Star’s share of 4.49% provides a good basis for deep collaboration between the company and the home-sales channel.
1.2 Financial analysis: Net revenue growth is robust and profitability continues to rise. Between 2011 and 2016, the combined growth rate of corporate operating income and net profit return was 19.90 per cent, profit is 950 million yuan, an increase of 94.39 per cent. 201q1-q3, the company achieved operating income of 6,903 million yuan.
Corporate profitability continues to rise. From scale effects, informative advantages, brand premiums, etc., corporate sales Māori and net interest rates have shown a steady upward trend in recent years, with Māori rates ranging from 29.9 per cent in 2013-2016.
Roe was higher than his partner, with 2017q3 reaching 20.96 per cent, the highest of the eight listed companies. 2.1 Consumption upgrade + stock housing age, with a wide range of custom furniture spaces that catered to consumption escalation, penetration rates could still be raised
The consumer demand for products and services is increasing, and the concept of home improvement has ranged from an initial “real” and “practical” approach to an emphasis on quality and overall style coordination. Customized furniture is designed to be personalized, new in style, and tailor-made in a way that effectively addresses small-house, multi-pillar or irregular housing patterns.
At the same time, consumers also value services and user experience more, and custom-made furniture firms’ ready-to-life services, and a careful personal design enhance client participation and service communication efficiency. According to IRC data, the penetration rate of custom cabinets increased from 36% to 56% between 2009 and 2016.
According to the Pan-House Network, custom closet penetration was close to 30% in 2016. Reference is made to the 60-70% penetration rate of custom furniture in European and American countries, and the scope for increasing penetration of custom furniture in the future remains high.
On the one hand, our second-line central city has entered the stock-house age. On the other hand, the first commercial houses in the country were built in the 1980s, and according to the housing renovation cycle of 10-15 years, a large number of old houses have reached the age of “reloading”, accompanied by huge renovation needs.
In 2020, the number of units will rise to 8.85 million, or 38.5%, and the need for furniture renewal in the stock reloading market will be enormous. There is also a tendency, in terms of data on the structure of the furniture enterprise, to go beyond the renovation of new houses, especially in the first priority cities.
The ratio is close to 60%. Assuming that custom closets and custom cabinets are sold at an end price of $7,000 and $15,000, respectively, and assuming that his custom cabinets and companion homes have an average unit price of 0.2 to 0.5 million, with penetration rates at 2 to 3 per cent per annum.
By 2020, we estimate custom closets, custom cabinets, other custom cabinets and home-based market rules to be $134.1 billion, $20.68 billion and $35.6 billion, respectively, with an average compound growth rate of 15% in 2018-2020, and 2.1.3 with low concentration in the industry, waiting for the big one to emerge.
Our custom furniture industry has a very low concentration (cr3 less than 10%) and is very fragmented. In the domestic electricity sector, which is also the owner of the industry, the market is more than 50% of the sales of the first three companies in the electricity market, such as air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, oil smoke machines.
Figure 12: Custom cabinet industry only 7.5% in 2016, Figure 11: Air-conditioning retail market cr3 = 64% in 2016
As consumption upgrades gradually increase, the cutting-edge brands are expected to enjoy the double dividend of industry growth and rising city occupancy, with the greatest certainty of growth. We believe that custom-made furniture will also emerge in the future as oligarchs, waiting for the industry.
2.2 How far are we going, how fast are we going, how fast are we going, how fast are we going, how fast are we going?
There are three main pains in loading: (1) a modern three-person home with a high intensity and speed of work, which makes it unwieldy and time-consuming, cumbersome and piecemeal furniture procurement and renovation. One-stop purchases, full-process services, effectively reducing the cost-free user participation, saves the time cost of the renovation process. (2) A one-stop shop compared to a one-stop shop.
Purchases meet the client’s requirements for uniform design and overall style coordination. (3) One-stop purchases are relatively simple, transparent and manageable, and user experience and decision-making are more efficient.
For custom furniture businesses, the expansion of the product to the whole house has been a revolutionary shift from selling products to selling space and selling programmes, and has become a trend in the custom furniture industry. Everyone has been able to share the collective internal resources, have a significant one-way flow, have a co-sales effect, and have a higher ceiling.
“The winner wins the world.” We believe that everyone lives in the long term, and that only businesses with real house-wide customization can survive.
In May 2016, the opening of real estate sales slowed down, with residential sales of merchandise houses dropping from 39 per cent to 5 per cent by the end of the year. According to our statistics, eight listed companies generally added more than 200 new doors in 2017 and are expected to be new and old in the next two years.
We believe that, in the context of increased traffic competition, the ability of custom furniture companies to operate through channels has become one of the very core barriers to competition, and that brands with established channels will benefit from the Matthews, the stronger the stronger.
(1) The gap between the range of channels and the number of shops can be met by hiring and opening new shops, but the increase in the profitability of the shops is not only a small one. The gap between the power of the new shops and the old ones is objective, and the new shops often take some time to grind, become familiar with the market and accumulate the slogans.
High operating costs as well as extension costs and risks. Channels are laid by older firms, with longer sedimentation times everywhere, team maturity, market sensitivity and familiarity are better than new shops. (2) In an increasingly competitive market environment, both opening up empty cities and strengthening weak markets.
Competitiveness, high-quality distributors, storeside resources (location, size), high-quality talent (senior designers, shopkeepers, salesmen, etc.) have become more scarce than ever before, and it is more difficult for latercomers to compete for high-quality resources and also time to catch up.
In the context of increased competition, consumer sensitivity to the price of custom furniture is becoming more evident, and even leading firms face a downward trend in the volume of orders. For example, in early 17, Sofia raised 30% of the price at the end of the SMS cabinet, and in July and August, the front end of the line dropped significantly, resulting in a fall in performance throughout the year.
In the current period, consumers are more sensitive to the price of custom furniture, mainly because of the following factors: (1) for brands of the same class, consumers value the value for money, control costs, and good value for money.
Key. Customized furniture products are similar, because raw materials, upstream suppliers may be just a little different in quality control, style matching. So there is no particular difference between the same brands in terms of products alone. As consumers grow more mature and rational, and become more practical and visible, they are more favoured for higher prices.
. In addition, the relatively cheap manual furniture market capacity and share remains large, with custom furniture being the largest (ii) sub-brand gradient, which is currently not available to most brands owing to the fragmentation of the industry. Given the low concentration of the custom furniture industry at this stage, regional firms remain strong and currently brands and mouths.
The pillars are mainly endorsements for quality and service, but they do not yet form brand barriers, most custom furniture brands are not yet ready for bargaining, and there are higher alternatives between small and medium brands. The brand’s champions, who have high brand visibility and reputation, will enjoy a certain brand premium, and thus have flexible and autonomous pricing space.
To sum up, we believe that the custom furniture industry is already in competition from the fast-growing phase of the "breathing with flowers", that it is impossible to re-enhance by relying solely on the traditional sorting of custom, and that only the “house for everyone” model, which really solves the pain of the consumer, is a long-term course of development. Moreover, it adds up to the end of the flow of the downside of the property.
Adverse effects, and price sensitivity, have exposed custom furniture firms to the dilemma of securing income or protecting profits. Channel power helps to maximize access to effective flows, and pricing capacity balances value for money and profitability, both of which require time and resource deposition, and can constitute barriers to competition in the short to medium term.
3. Corporate moats: We are stable and stable, with channels and pricing advantages 3.1 we are strategically located, with multi-species layouts blooming, and Europeans are strategically located, and synergy will drive revenue collection and unit prices to increase continuously.
The advantage of the integration design, one-stop selection, package of services online has been highlighted in the initial development phase of the "design-driven integration of all European goods into one-stop custom-based home resolution programmes for clients " .
At present, the Europa group has products such as cabinets, closets, wooden doors, baths, cooking power, wall decorations, which cover a wide range of house-wide customizations, and the number of items covered is the highest in the industry, with the market holding the highest in the country and the second in the revenue from the sale of closets.
In recent years, there has been a significant increase in the number of cabinets with the company’s traditional advantages, and in other post-exposure operations. In this case, the overall closet collection has increased from 19 per cent in 2013 to 32 per cent in 2017h1.
The annual compound growth rate of 43 per cent is higher than the level of major competitors in the industry, and the market share is second only to that of Sofia.
In 2016, the company collected $242 million, and in 2014-2016, a composite growth rate of about 31%. Customize the wooden door: the company has been formally in the area of customizing the wooden door since 2010 and has introduced the O'Phone.
At present, there are nearly 600 agents under the O'Phone, with five major manufacturing bases in Guangzhou, Tianjin, tin-free, remote, and Chengdu, with an annual high-end woodgate of 600,000 units and well-developed production and marketing systems.
Figure 19: Corporate revenue from corporate bath operations and speed increases Figure 20: Corporate custom wooden doors operating revenues and speed increases are strong and large businesses are expected to increase
3.2.1 The largest number of dealers, the longest-settling, and the largest number and coverage of companies. As of 30 June 2017, companies owned the largest number of houses, cabinets and doors, and the second largest number of garments and doors.
It covers the country's first-line, second-line cities and most of its third-line, four-line cities, and it has evolved reasonably, with the company's early deployment of national, multi-species channels, longer sedimentation periods in various locations and groups, more high-quality dealers and shop resources, team maturity and professionalism, market sensitivity and familiarization.
Moreover, the user community is the best model for the domestic apparel industry, so the reputational effects of the old customer's recommendation for new customers are more pronounced and the home company, which has been settling for a long time, will also have a greater advantage in branding and promoting new flows.
In Beijing, Europe, for example, the company began expanding in Beijing as early as 2009. By the end of 2016, the number of special stores had reached 17, operating revenues were close to $500 million, and the rate of growth in the same year was rising, with the rate of growth in 2016 reaching 45 per cent.
The company also operates a door-to-door to enhance the ability of the whole group to work together, integrate resources, and provide better “one-stop” procurement, design and services. The company has successively launched three business models: 6-30m2 Euros, 30m2 or more.
In order to solve the problem of crowd-in-the-window problem, a cost-subsidization policy has been introduced to improve the efficiency of dealers' operations. As of 2017h1, the number of Euros and Oberlis in the shops was 65 and 144, respectively.
Companies practice the “tree-root theory” and believe that distributors are the foundation of Europe’s development and that Europe’s long-term development can only be achieved if they are strong enough and strict enough. Companies have always insisted on giving concessions to distributors, sharing benefits with distributors, and encouraging distributors to open up markets by reducing sales to distributors, as appropriate, and helping to promote trade.
In the long term, vendors stabilize the establishment of mutually beneficial partnerships and the construction of good distribution network channels, thereby promoting sales revenue Companies give different product settlement coefficients according to the distributioner's level of treatment, thus forming a gradientd distribution system. Specifically, the overall rating of distributors directly determines the settlement price discounts they receive.
Coefficient, the standard selling price of the product multiplied by the settlement discount factor is the final settlement price between the company and the distributor, and the higher the ranking in the market, the lower the discount factor that the company provides to the distributor. Corporate support to distributors includes, inter alia, team-building guidance, advertising promotion, and vendor training support.
In 2016, the amount of company support to distributors was close to $400 million, representing 6.55 per cent of sales proceeds from distribution channels.
The company is one of the first companies in the country to set up an entire cabinet for real estate. Currently, there are more than 20 strategic cooperation agreements with companies and about 70 long-term partnerships in the 100-strong real estate industry.
In 2017q4, the company ' s share of engineering revenue has reached 10 per cent, of which about 85 per cent is in cabinet business, and it is expected that the share of engineering revenue will continue to rise with the expansion of such products as the guard bath, wooden doors, etc.
We believe that future engineering orders will be concentrated with leading enterprises, that the trend towards full-scale renovation and the emergence of engineering operations will (1) result in large business management chains and long project cycles, large accounts receivable and weak cash flows, requiring furniture enterprises to have greater risk control capacity and adequate capital.
(2) The sales of orders, bulk production, uniform installation, after-sales services for large businesses are no longer individuals, but rather real estate providers, who have higher requirements for the production, management and logistics of furniture enterprises and are weak or untrustworthy.
(3) The Māori rate for large businesses is below average, furniture businesses are relatively vulnerable, and it is more difficult for small and medium-sized enterprises to profit and continue their business than large firms, and the process of cooperation is more passive and not easy to control risks and profits. Real estate providers recognize corporate combined strengths and brand premiums, and purchase prices are higher than other brands.
As a result, profitability is stronger than that of competitors, with the current Māori rate, net interest rate of about 30 per cent and 10 per cent for the bulk of business. 3.3 Cost advantage expands the margins, branding creates premium capacity with excellent cost efficiency controls and ensures end-benefit capacity
Companies have high levels of information management and are highly automated, flexible, cost-efficient and well-regulated, product unit costs have been falling steadily in recent years, with greater price-setting space, bottom-based incentives for distributors and consumers, and more sustained viability in increasingly competitive markets.
In 2014-2016, the unit cost of the Europa cabinet fell by 18 per cent and the unit price fell by 6 per cent; The unit cost of the Europa closet fell by 17 per cent and the unit price fell by 7 per cent. As of June 2017, the total output of the company furniture manufacturing line stood at 535.5 million units, an increase of 68.13 per cent over the same period, with a sharp increase in the single volume, on average.
The single production cycle round ratio was reduced by six days, the order delivery rate was raised to 97.13 per cent on time, an increase of 19.56 per cent in efficiency compared to the average per capita delivery during the same period last year, and 1.87 per cent under the controllable cost ratio, with significant cost-efficiency controls.
The company has taken the lead in introducing the European concept of a “one-size-fits-all” in the country, creating a domestic cabinet that is custom-made. The “European” brand has considerable visibility and influence in the eyes of a wide range of consumers.
At the same time, as of 2017q3, corporate sales costs amounted to $1.05 billion (only twice in the industry).
The European brand is strong, with a higher premium. Data show that even with the highest average sale price in the same industry, the Māori and Māori share still outnumber the competitors.
Strong “most favoured company” treatment: companies adopt a competitive pricing strategy with suppliers and enter into the most advantageous procurement price terms of an agreement where the European Group has evidence that the supplier is not treated as “most favoured company” and the European Group has the right to disqualify that supplier.
Figure 34 Average sales prices, Māori rates and municipal share statistics for brand cabinets Size of market share. 4. Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment proposals