IMZ (300308.sz) Quick development of the high-end luminous module, with 800g luminous global taps expected to reach depths.
In 2023, large global Internet plants accelerated the input of big models, with recent frequent additions of single 800-g-light modules by such algorithms as Microsoft, Google, and British Wedda, and the logic of arithmetic demand driving the demand for high-end light modules continued to be validated. The company, as the leader of the global light module industry, has taken over 800g-g-light modules.
The output vanguard will continue to benefit from the fast development of the light module in the 'i ' era. The large North American plants have continued to add a single 800g product, and the ai-age arithmetic producers have benefited significantly: the demand for arithmetic in training arithmetic increased 300,000 times in the recent aigc period to 2018, followed by large-scale models.
The demand for training numeracy, which is 10 to 100 times higher than it was before, will grow further in the light module, especially the 800g new product ring ratio, and will further boost the growth and profitability of this year’s harvest. We believe that the i market’s rigid demand for global numeracy, politics, and so on.
The combination of products that drive up the unexpected construction needs of domestic arithmetic will be counterproductive to the previous market's macro-communication reception and distribution module.
Expectations of a recession and concerns about lower capital spending by overseas cloud producers, the company 800g light module may become a revenue and profit ratio for institutional investors over the next two to three years against the background of global numeracy demand
New products like gha200 raise 800g demand: British Weida released a superb ai computing platform dgx gh200, providing a total broadband of up to 900gb/s, 144tb shared memory with much greater performance than the previous version, designed for loads of large-scale generation ai. 800g light modules are expected to be used for this purpose.
This has led to a significant increase in the volume, which is expected to raise market demand by 800 g. Companies’ high-end product share has increased significantly, leading to a significant increase in profitability throughout the quarter: 42% to 3.29 million medium- and low-speed product sales and high-speed product increases throughout the year, in terms of sales volume, in 2022.
It is a fast-disbursing of 800g new products and an accelerated improvement in product structure, resulting in a sustained increase in profitability. 1.2 per cent/4.9 per cent/0.9 per cent of corporate sales/management/financial costs, respectively, reflect a significant 1.6 percentage point decrease in management costs compared to the previous year, reflecting a significant reduction in corporate efficiency gains.
An increase of 1.1 percentage points over the previous period of 8.5 per cent reflects the continued increase in research and development investment during the opportunity period for companies to rapidly transform the market for light modules, the active exploration of new areas in the 800g silicon and 1.6t light modules, and the continuation of the future leading technical position in the market for light modules.
The announcement issued on 11 September that the proposed repurchase of shares would amount to about 15 million shares, or 1.39% of the total stock of the company. The company buys back nearly $800 million three times a year, highlighting the company’s management’s confidence in continued rapid growth in the future.
Prospectives of profitability: with a sustained high industry for the next two years and a firm’s share in the industry,3 overseas cloud producers’ capital expenditures fall short of expectations.chinaresearchdeept.com.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.