Performance is bright, and the global 800g module core benefits from the development of the ai development 23/04 2023 Performance is growing and fully benefits from the development of the light communications market
\triangleright, according to the company announcement, in 2022 the company achieved revenue of 2,777 million yuan in q4, an increase of 17.00 per cent in the same year and a 5.42 per cent increase in the ring; and net profit of 371 million yuan in the return to the mother, an increase in the same year
Integrated development, design, encapsulation, testing and sale of high-end optical communication modules, high-speed light modules such as 100g, 200g, 400g and 800g for cloud data centre customers, 5g forward, middle and return light modules for telecommunications equipment providers and applications to boners
High-end, holistic solutions such as web and core network transmission light modules. In the 2021 Light module manufacturer rankings released by Lightning, middle-to-middle Xinjiang and ii-vi are ranked as the world’s first major business, 2022, influenced by rapid growth in data flow and bandwidth demand, overseas
Priority clients continue to increase capital spending investment and drive demand for high-end products such as data centres 400g and 200g, further increasing corporate output as a share of revenue;
(b) In terms of the new plant layout, the company's plant in Thailand in 2022 also completed the commissioning, testing and production of equipment.
In terms of new products, the company ' s 800g and related series of products in 2022 have already been delivered in bulk.
1.6 t light modules and 800g silicon light modules have been developed successfully and are in the stages of delivery, cpo (photo-coupled) technology and 3d containment technology are also in the ongoing process of development, and we believe that companies, as leading companies in the global light module, as the digital and telecommunications markets evolve,
High-speed developments in particular aigc are expected to contribute further to the continued growth of data flows and the development of the ict sector, including the light module, and companies are expected to benefit fully from the development of the light communication market, with strong momentum and wide scope for growth.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
\triangleright has been focusing on the development of the light module industry with 10 gsfp+, 10 gxfp, 25gsfp28, 40gqsfp+,
Multiple product types, including 100gcfp4/qsfp28, 400gosfp/qsfp, 800gosfp/qsfp-dd800 series, are capable of meeting the various scenarios, providing users with optical communication module solutions in areas such as cloud computing data centres, wireless access, and transmission.
Large order capacity has effectively reduced firms’ manufacturing and procurement costs, and market competitiveness continues to lead. Main operations are currently carried out mainly through the fully-owned subsidiary Suzhou Xinjiang and Holding Company Chengdu, which is dedicated to the development, design, encapsulation, testing and sale of high-end communication modules and product clothing.
In the areas of cloud computing data centres, data communications, 5g wireless networks, telecommunications transmissions, and fixed network access, domestic and international households. Companies focus on technology development and promote the development of products in high-speed, miniaturized, low-power, low-cost directions, providing high-speed light modules for cloud users, 100g, 200g, 400g and 800g, and for telecommunications equipment providers.
5g front, center and backlight modules, applied to high-end integrated solutions such as urban area networks, backbone and core network transmission light modules, and optical devices for fixed network fttx fibre-optic access, maintaining a lead in terms of volume and market share within the industry.
In the field of optical devices, companies are at the top of the industry in terms of product design, sealing, and production; and in light modules, companies continue to increase their input into the product line, increasing their input into the product line.
At present, companies have a more competitive advantage in autonomous R & D and engineering applications of automated production platforms, automated equipment, and the level of technology in automated processes is leading the domestic industry.
In terms of continuous innovation, Suzhou Xu is a member of the Osfp Industrial Union for the iee light telecommunications module and a member of the ieee802.3andituq2forponconversion, and is also a member of the ccsa China Communication Standard.
The company has a single model parallel optical design and precision manufacturing technology, multimodel parallel optical design and coupling technology, high-speed electronic devices, design, simulation, testing technology, and autonomously developed a fully automated and efficient assembly testing platform.
On December 4, 2020, the company launched the first 800g industry-based OSfp and qsfp-dd800 series of light modules.
In January 2021, the company's 200g/400gcfp2dco-relevant module was honoured with the list of heroes of the stone "The Best Products of Light Communications in 2020." In 2022, 800g of the self-designed silicon chip was displayed at the ofc2022 site with the insertion of the osfp2*fr4 and qsfp-d800dr8+ silicon light modules. By the end of 2022, the company accumulated the recipient countries.
38 external and 246 domestic authorized patents (including Hong Kong and Macao authorized patents) authorizing 103 inventions. \triangleright Light Communication industry has not developed as much as expected: risk of price volatility of raw materials: market development for light modules has not developed as expected
In January 2021, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Research and Development Centre, deep-covering smart manufacturing & cloud computing idc industrial chain, cable & telecommunications new energy chain, smart motor vehicles & smart power grid industrial chain, 5g industrial chain, etc.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications sector, covering areas such as networking of goods, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, 5g applications. Chen Guang Yi, member of the Communications Group, Ph.D. in Physics, Beijing University, condensed physics. In December 2021, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Programme.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.