An event summary: On June 21, the company issued an announcement to co-possess a fully-owned subsidiary, Jiangsu Jijiz Network.
The company acquired 62.45% of Chongqing Electronics and Technology Co. Ltd. by means of replenishments and equity transfers. Of this amount, 660.00 million yuan was allocated to seven shareholders, including Liu Shi Yong, in the sum of RMB 390.0 million, while 260.04 million yuan was added to the money for the kyo and $43.4 million was credited.
With the conclusion of this transaction, the company will be included in the consolidated statements. The field of smart driving and car-body electronics in the current deep layout of the company is the main business of the company: the main business of the electronics is superb.
\triangleright Sound Radars, Visual Sensors and Body Controls are developed, produced, sold, and the main products include ultrasound radars, cameras and controllers.
One-tier suppliers of well-known automobile factories in the country, such as East Wind, are qualified and produce in quantities. Depending on their client resources in the field of ultrasound and visualization, Kwanyo Electronics is committed to intelligence based on ultrasound radars and visual sensors.
In 2021 and 2022, the Equinos were divided into 220 million yuan, 389 million yuan, net profits of 3,695,000 yuan and 6,995,000 yuan.
Maga Wei, the acquisition aid company, continues to improve the layout of the automobile sector and is expected to fully exploit the synergies between market channels and customer resources: Middle Worm is now actively promoting new cars in the intelligent cabin and intelligent driving.
Application development of optical electronics products, such as vehicle-borne interconnections, new generation laser radars, etc., building up the next 23-year Quarterly Review: performance over expectations, product structure excellent, second-growth curves. In the case of laser radar, companies have core PV technology, production and capacity in the field of surrogates.
Accelerating profit-driven upgrading - 2023/05/08 Supply chain advantages that meet customer demand for quality upgrading, cost reduction and large-scale delivery, forecasted 2022 performance based on company 2. Medium-to-Smart (30038.sz)
Review: Performance meets expectations, new announcements such as 800g & associated modules, and Car Code certification is expected to be completed in 2023.
A matrix of products in the area of automobiles, diversification in the fields of smart driving, motors, electronics, and smart cabins, 3. Mid-Station (300308.sz) company reviews: employees hold on to product layouts. In particular, the rich electronic market channels and customer resources are expected to fully synergize.
The stock is planned to be added to the 800-g iterative cycle, with the company growing momentum X. Speeding up the company’s customer import and volume of auto-optics products. 4. Mid-Zone (300308.sz) tri-quarters of 2022.
Investment proposal: taking into account that the i ' i ' s continuing hot future is expected to pull up a high end light-to-light module such as 800g \triangleright \triangleright \: overseas high view is still high and corporate performance is over-expected -2
In terms of demand, we have raised profit projections, and are expected to be 2023-78x/42x/32x, without taking into account the influence of khunyo electronics. The company is the leading global luminous module, with significant initial advantages, and is expected to benefit fully from the above-perspective performance of the ai, with full access to the high profile of the hyphen 2022.
The demand for high end-to-light modules is increasing as a result of cloud computing. It is also now expected that the company will further open up its future growth space by accelerating its diversity in areas such as automobiles. Maintain a “recommended” rating. The methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is accountable for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.