I've been working on the inter-middle clairvoyant (300308.sz) inter-district operation.
The company announced that it would acquire 62.45% of Chongqing Electronic Technology Limited ' s shares through a fully funded subsidiary, Jiangsu Jijiz Network Consortium Holdings Ltd.. The deal is complete.
The company plans to spend $300 million to acquire 62.45% of the shares of the electronics. The main business of the electronics is ultrasound radar, visual sensors, and so on.
The main products include ultrasound radars, cameras, controllers, etc.
Client resources, Kwangong Electronics, based on ultrasound radars, visual sensors, are committed to becoming an integrated enterprise in the field of intellectual driving, for sale, research and development, and production as one. In 2021 and 2022, Kwangong achieved operating revenues of 220 million yuan, 389 million yuan and net profits of 36.95 million yuan, respectively.
This acquisition has helped the company to improve the overall layout of the automobile sector and to increase the company's revenue-earning capacity in the future:
Intermediary is a light module, a leading company in light communication, and is actively promoting the application of optical electronic products in the area of car intelligence, the smart cabin and intelligent driving, such as car-borne light interconnection, new generation laser radars, etc. The laser radar Oem/odm team has been set up, relying on light.
Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulationa The technological, process, supply chain, equipment and production advantages accumulated in the modular area to assist the laser radar Clients further reduce the cost of the bom and enhance the product performance and delivery capability.
Lei, E-Gong Song will improve the corporate profile in the area of automobiles, and it is hoped that the company ' s new automobile optical and electronic products will be brought in and produced in a coordinated manner with its rich market channels and high-quality customer resources.
Large North American factories have continued to add a single 800g product, with significant benefits to the ai-era water salesmen: the demand for training ai increased 300,000 times between recent aigc years and 2018, and since then the emergence of large models has accelerated the demand for training arithmetic, which is 10 to 100 times the original, no.
As a result of the higher than expected demand spread in the area of artificial intelligence, the company expects that the high speed light module, especially the 800g new product ring ratio, will grow further over the next few quarters, which will further boost the growth and profitability of this year’s harvest. We believe that the i market’s rigid demand for global computing, governance, and the growth of the global economy will increase.
Promoting the country's higher-than-expected construction needs will all be against the expectations of the previous market for the macroeconomic recession abroad and concerns about the downward adjustment of the capital spending of overseas cloud producers. The 800g light module of the company may be a harvest and profit in the next two to three years against the backdrop of global computing demands.
The share of high-end products in companies has increased significantly, leading to a significant increase in profitability in the quarter: across 2022, sales of low- and medium-speed products declined by 42 to 3.29 million, and high-speed products have been upgraded by fast-disbursing 800g new products and faster product structure, thus increasing profitability.
Corporate sales/management/financial costs were 1.2/4.9/0.9 per cent, respectively, of which management costs were reduced by 1.6 percentage points on a year-on-year basis, reflecting a significant reduction in corporate efficiency gains. Corporate R & D costs were 8.5 per cent, an increase of 1.1 percentage points on a year-on-year basis, reflecting the rapid transformation of companies in the light module market
The opportunity period has been characterized by a sustained increase in research and development investment, an active exploration of new areas in the 800g silicon light module and 1.6t light module, and a continuation of the future leading technical position in the light module market. Profit predictions: the 800g revolution brought about by the ai continues to outpace expectations, and the industry is expected to hold it for the next two years.
The report is prepared by Chinaresearcheddept. The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.