Medium-to-Middle Cream (300308.sz) Communications Group High-end products, higher-than-expected profit growth
One billion yuan, an increase of 39.6 per cent in the same year and 1.84 billion yuan in the first quarter of 23 years, compared with 1.
2. Overperformance: 800g products bring new dynamic energy for growth - mid-point growth of $Nr. 1 billion, or 29.6 per cent over the same period, of which the high-speed light module earns $8.75 billion, compared with 3. Performance over-expected, high-end products continue to advance - middle-end growth of 22h-1/2 per cent
Increase by 8%, or 90% of the revenue ratio. In terms of sales volume, sales of low- and medium-speed products have declined, with a 22-year increase in the Māori rate, which is 32.8% in a single quarter of the fourth quarter, while total  is still above expectations by 15% compared to the same year, achieving Māori rates and net interest rates, respectively.
Increased investment in research and development of new technologies, higher-end overseas products. During the reporting period, companies continued to increase their R & D layout for new directions, new products, 800g and associated series of products, etc.
The measurement phase, the cpo (photo-coupled) technology and the 3d containment technology are also in the process of continuing development. 22 years of rapid growth in data flow and bandwidth demand, with high-cost capital investment from overseas and high-end products such as 400g and 200g in data centres.
In 22 years, the company’s overseas revenues were $8.4 billion, an increase of 45% compared to the previous year, or 87%. Thai factories abroad have also completed pre-natal preparations and are expected to produce 400g and 800g products.
The global light module leads, with 800 g of release opportunities. Large North American clients spend more and more on 800 g light module procurement. Companies have 800 g light module bulk production capacity, with large client orders in hand, and are expected to release it in the second quarter.
End-product lending is expected to improve profit structures, leading to a sustained increase in the Māori rate. The macroeconomic recession in North America is expected; capital spending by overseas Internet producers is not as high as expected; trade friction between China and the United States is rising: competition increases and prices fall faster than expected; and research and development for new products is not as high as expected.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market