The company publishes its annual report 2022 and its quarterly report 2023, and its annual report 2022.
250 million yuan, or +14.95% of the year. The profits continue to grow steadily. Corporate profitability continues to increase with the optimal product structure. 1 in 2022) the volume of high-end products (200g\400g et al.) rose further; 2) companies have higher revenues from overseas sales.
The exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi is favourable, with two factors driving the company ' s Māori ratio from 25.57% ai+ digital economy in 2021, leading to an increase in the long-term demand for the light module industry.
Growth and technological upgrading accelerates the release of high-speed light module demand. Lightcounting predicts that the market size of the global light module will continue to grow by 11% in the next five years, with 20 billion dollars in 2027; digital economy: with the gradual landing of the East-West count strategy, the domestic data centres will be the same.
It is expected that China’s market will grow further, with China’s market for China’s light module expected to reach $3.5 billion in 2028. The 800g light module is expected to be ready for release, and companies are expected to benefit fully.
To speed up the 800g light module release phase, the company, as a global light module leader, also completed the commissioning of equipment, test production and customer testing plants in Thailand in 2022 and completed the various pre-natal "Middle Creams (300308.sz) - performance is at the midpoint of the forecast and continues to benefit from connectivity.
The project is expected to produce 400g and 800g products from the Thai plant as planned.
Given that the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate have continued to rise, real profits in 2022 are already higher than previously projected, and we have increased our profit forecast for 2023-2024 and added a profit forecast for 2025. The industry dividend from the sustained beneficialai and digital economy is maintained as a “buy-in” rating.
Figure 1: Medium-to-Middle-to-Medium Business Income and Growth (million yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Medium-to-Medium Business Income and Growth (million yuan, per cent) Figure 3: Medium-Tomory Net Profits and Growth (million yuan, per cent)
Figure 4: Net profit and increase in the mid-season period from mother to mother (in millions, per cent) Figure 5: Māori rate and changes in net interest rates from mid-season to mid-season to three rates changes in the mid-season quarter
. Given the company ' s continued increase in Māori rates and net interest rates, our profit projections for 2022 are based on the following assumptions:
Further reduction, given that the market itself is also upgrading the light rate for the low- and medium-end speed light module High-speed light module: 2022, taking into account the flexibility of the ai scenario for the high-speed light module, and the traditional high-speed light module rate for the data centre, we believe that the company represents the high-speed light module at 800g speeds
Demand is expected to enter the accelerated release phase, and companies as global leaders are expected to benefit fully, with future companies expected to grow 22/33/24 per cent per year at high-speed light modules, and Māori rates are expected to show a steady moderate decline. Light assemblies: light components account for a relatively low share of corporate revenue, and future harvests and Māori rates are expected to be largely different.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject