The high-speed light module leads to higher profitability, following the development of the next one as a driving force for demand.
The company released its annual report 2022 and its quarterly report 2023, and in the first quarter of 2023 it achieved operating income of $1.84 billion, yoy-12.04 per cent, net profits of $250 million, yoy+14.95 per cent (after deduction of net profits of $230 million), and in the quarter of 2022q4 it earned operating income of $2.777 billion, yoy+17 per cent, net gains.
Thirty-one million yuan, yoy + 17%. With the continued high growth in North American cloud company capital spending in 2022, with an increase in 200g and 400g light module procurement, companies have benefited as industry leaders, raising both their income and profitability throughout the year. q4 net profits have declined significantly over the year.
Nearly $270 million in impairments resulted in a significant delay in performance; impairments were mainly depreciated over old production lines and stock was remeasured. Taken together, companies optimized the quality of assets, and subsequent disturbances will be significantly reduced, with the expectation that they will be lightened in the future.
The high-end product share of the company has increased significantly, leading to a significant increase in profitability in the quarter: 42 to 3.29 million medium- and low-speed product sales, high-speed product upscaling, product combinations, year-round 2022.
The rapid release of 800g of new products and the accelerated improvement in product structure have led to a sustained increase in profitability. The optical communication module has been reduced by 1.6 percentage points, reflecting a significant reduction in corporate efficiency gains.
A rate of 8.5 per cent, an increase of 1.1 percentage points in the same year, reflecting the rapid transformation of the company in the light module market institutional investors as a share of the flowa Investment in research and development continued to increase during the opportunity period, actively exploring the new 800g silicon light module and 1.6t light module
In this area, it continues to hold the leading technical position in the future in the light-module market, where 1.39% of total equity is held. The company buys back nearly $800 million three times a year, highlighting the firm’s management’s confidence in its continued rapid development in the future.
Chatgpt drives global arithmetic demand over the next two years, and demand over or above previous market expectations: the area of aigc has recently been catalyzed by chhatgpt, and major domestic and foreign manufacturers have accelerated the deployment of this area. From 2012 to 2018, training ai’s arithmetic demand increased by 300,000 times, and large-scale modelling has since taken place.
The emergence of the model has accelerated the demand for training numeracy, which is 10 to 100 times the original, indicating that the company expects the high-speed light module, especially the 800g new product ring ratio, to grow further over the next few quarters, as demand in the area related to artificial intelligence exceeds expectations.
Growth and increased profitability. We believe that the rigid demand for global numeracy in the i market, the policy-driven over-expected demand for domestic numeracy, will all be against the expectations of earlier markets about the recessionary growth of overseas macros, and the downward adjustment of capital spending by overseas cloud producers, 800g for companies.
The light module may become a revenue and profit forecast over the next two to three years against the backdrop of global numeracy needs: it will be accompanied by a sustained high industry performance over the next two years and a firm's share in the industry; and, in the case of overseas cloud producers, capital spending will fall short of expectations.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.