Mid-Sz (300308.sz) Communications network connection and tower iii core calibration track, 800g continuously stretching to high performance
Incidents: On 23 April 2023, the company published its annual report 2022 and its first quarterly report 2023, which was 39.57 per cent more than the previous year. In the first quarter of 2023, the company achieved an operating income of 1,837 million yuan, a decrease of 12.04 per cent, and a net return to the mother of 250 million yuan, an increase of 14.95 per cent.
The light communication module and the high-speed light communication module contributed $666 million and $874 million, respectively, correspondingly to a decline in the impact of rapid growth in flows and bandwidth demand, and key offshore clients continued to increase capital spending inputs and drive logarithms based on the demand for high-end products such as the Centre ' s 400g and 200g.
In addition, the company ' s overseas sales revenue of $8.377 billion, representing 86.88 per cent of operating income, increased by 44.99 per cent over the same period. It benefited from exchange rate fluctuations between the United States dollar and the renminbi, with significant increases in revenue and Māori rates. During the reporting period, the company also harvested new key offshore customers, with companies counting.
Companies are among the first to be deployed in the market and a few to produce 800 g, according to the latest release of Lightning 2021 light.
In 2022, the company displayed an autonomous design of the silicon chip 800g capable of interpolating osfp2*fr4 and ii-vi.
qsfp-d800dr8+Silicon Light Module. Currently, 800g light module products have been delivered in bulk, 800g silicon light module has been developed successfully and is in the process of being sent, and has maintained a stable partnership with Google, British Weida, Amazon, etc.
In addition, the company’s plant in Thailand has completed the commissioning of equipment, testing of production and customer testing plants, the preparation of pre-natal deliveries and the planned production of 400g and 800g products from Thai plants.
The company continues to increase its research and development investment, with successive deployments of core technologies, such as silicon chips, geometrical modules, and photovoltaic co-encapsulation cpo. The company's self-researched silicon chip development of high-speed modules will allow the company to continue to be technologically ahead of the next generation of technological solutions and fully profitable.
Using the characteristics and advantages of silicon light technology to expand market applications; and also developing and producing interplugable and dry light modules of inter-data centre dci, urban-area light transmission networks, aiming to become a global leader in the field of related products, building self-research advantages for core components of the associated light modules.
Measuring goods, 1.6 t light modules and 800 g silicon light modules have been developed successfully and are in the stages of delivery, and cpo (photo-enclosed) and 3d containment technologies are in the process of being developed and developed. According to our judgment, the company has been delivering in bulk over a period of 22 years at 800g, and is expected to move forward with the acceleration of the needs of the rice, English and other light modules, cpo.
Stock buybacks are a sign of confidence, and equity incentives to motivate employees. Based on faith in the company’s future and steady growth, it is better to promote long-term, sustained and healthy corporate development, taking into account the company’s business performance, financial position, and failure.
In order to be profitable, the company launched three phases of the equity buy-back scheme in April 2022, September 2022, and October 2022, which had been completed by the end of the reporting period, with a cumulative buy-back of 27,665,985 shares, representing 3.45% of the company ' s total equity.
Mechanisms for fully mobilizing the motivation and creativity of corporate management and staff, and the adoption of bills such as the Bill on the Third Staff Holding Scheme of Mid-Store and its Summary, the Bill on the Management of the Third Staff Holding Scheme of Middle-Store and Company Limited, 2023-2025
Investment proposal: We believe that the construction of the ABC will significantly increase the demand for the light module, the company being the lead in the light module