Midsummit 2022 and the first quarter of 2023 showed steady growth, i.e. demand-driven high-speed module release of 96.42 billion yuan, an increase of 25.29 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother of 1,224 million.
42.54 per cent; operating income was 1,837 million yuan in the first quarter of 2023, a decrease of 12.04 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of 250 million yuan, an increase of 14.95 per cent in the same year, and a deduction of non-return to the mother of 233 million yuan, an increase of 18.58 per cent in the same year.
High-speed light module revenue is growing rapidly and the product structure is improving. Sub-products show that, in 2022, the low-speed communications module of the company achieved $666 million, the share of revenue fell from 11.66 per cent in 2021 to 6.91 per cent, and the high-speed light communication module generated $8,746 million, which is an increase.
By region, demand for broadband and data flows has continued to grow, and key offshore clients have continued to increase their capital investment, leading to rapid demand for products such as 200g/400g for data centres. Overseas operations account for one.
The company’s plant in Thailand has also completed pre-natal preparations for the maximum/minimum price of equipment within 52 weeks.
The net profit from repatriation grew by 14.95 per cent, mainly as a result of a change in the structure of the shipment, with 200g versus 400g light, a limited share holding in the middle of the mountain east, a higher percentage of the module, and an additional 800g light module, which resulted in a significant increase in the company ' s Māori ratio.
The Māori rate has improved considerably, and the quality of the business has improved. The company's combined Māori rate has been continuously adjusted in 2022, and, as technology has evolved, there has been a significant increase in the unit price of high-speed light modules and Māori rates relative to medium- and low-speed products, especially since the beginning of the first quarter of this year, the light module is moving towards a higher rate.
The 800-g product with a high Māori rate has begun to grow in volume and will be accompanied by an increase in the ratio of 800g products, a stabilization of good rates and capacity utilization, a gradual implementation of measures such as bom, and a steady increase in corporate Māori.
Financial and management costs have been reduced, and research and development inputs have continued to increase. Companies guarantee full delivery capacity, continuously reduce efficiency gains, and companies use the United States dollar as their currency, and exchange rate fluctuations are also part of the income belt, with management costs reduced by 0.38 pct and financial costs reduced by 1.32 pct.
In the first quarter of this year, corporate management costs fell by 33.61% over the same period, largely because of a decrease in external fees paid for consultancy management, while research and development costs continued to focus on R & D inputs and innovation, keeping the next generation of technology in the lead.
The R&D investment is $792 million, an increase of about 40% over the same year, and a growing share of operating income. Companies continue to increase their R&D layout for new directions and products, focusing on R&D advancements in four parts of data centres, telecommunications, silicon light, and related products, 800g & P.
The bulk-out of products, such as dry series, has been achieved and will further consolidate the company’s competitive advantage over industry’s leading products. The 1.6 t-light module and the 800g silicon-light module have been developed successfully and are in the stages of delivery, and the cpo and 3d containment technologies are in the process of continuing research and development.
The generation of the ai lead computing needs, 800 g light module products are expected to explode. Since this year, the generation of the ai, represented by chhatgpt, is leading a new revolution in technology, and its products, industrial landings require enormous arithmetic support, and the light communication network is an important foundation of the computing network.
In the next five years, the market size of the global light module will continue to grow at a combined annual rate of 11%, and will break 20 billion dollars by 2027. We believe that, against a backdrop of rapidly rising demand for arithmetic, the demand for light modules is expected to rise.
Quick, especially for 800g and higher speed light modules. According to the company ' s research activities information bulletin, the demand for 800g light modules has changed beyond the company ' s expectations since the first quarter of this year, and the client ' s demand for 800g is no longer limited to data centres, and more needs are being used for data centres.
In the global demand structure of 800 g so far this year, according to the company’s judgement, more than half of the demand from the ai has come from the company. By reference to the company’s quarterly report this year and the industry’s climate, we are now looking at the previous forecast.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and that, through independent judgement and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective and fair.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.