Midmiddle Cream (300308.sz) evaluation report net return profits increased by 14.95 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter.
The company, as a global light module leader, will benefit first from the pull of ai's demand for arithmetic, based on industry's leading technology research and development capabilities, low-cost product manufacturing capabilities and full delivery capabilities.
The company’s share of the market continues to grow. According to the ranking of light module manufacturers released by Lightcounting, the company rose from the seventh in 2016 to the top in the world in ii-vi by 2021. Meanwhile, with the release of large models of domestically and internationally produced languages, pre-training and extrapolation demand for arithmetic.
In December 2020, the company launched the first 800g series of OSfp and qsfp-dd800 modules in industry, which are expected to lead the technical capability of the high-speed light module.
" Product Structure Optimization Added to Efficiency Gains, Company ' s Third Quarter Net Profit Growth, 64.2% " - Middle Queen ' s Third Quarterly Report Review, 2022, gives priority to benefiting from market expansion driven by the demand for arithmetic.
The proportion of high-end products has increased steadily, and profitability has increased significantly.
The company has a dominant market of 400g/200g, and products such as 800g products and related light modules have been delivered in small batches in 2022, with the share of high-end products rising and significant increases in profitability.
The deployment of light communication networks has accelerated, with high-calculus, low-power consumption becoming an important market direction for the future, as a result of the push of the big one’s demand for arithmetic. Considering the company’s layout in 800g light modules, cpo, and silicon light techniques, some of its products are in the testing phase, and Thai factories have completed pilot production, which will be implemented.
The report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to the report are derived from compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional integrity and professional competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.