On June 22, 2023, the company issued an announcement to adopt the fully-owned company Jiangsu Jijiz Network Associated Holdings Ltd. (in the form of a joint venture with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of the Interior, the Interior, the Ministry of the Republic of the Republic of the Interior, the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of China, the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Congo, the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of Palestine
The company Chongqing Electronics (hereinafter “Konggong Electronics”) acquired 62.45% of the shares in the sum of 660 million yuan held by seven shareholders, including Liu Shi Yong, in the form of a replenishment and a transfer of equity.
At the end of the transaction, the Jijinet joint scheme held 50 million yuan in shares, accounting for 62.45% of the e-registry capital.
The electronics will be included in the company’s consolidated statements. The electronics will accumulate high-quality customer resources from ultrasound, visual perceptive products, and will be further configured in the field of intelligent driving and motors.
In order to develop, produce, and sell products such as ultrasound radars, visual sensors, and body control, Jungo Electronics has acquired the qualifications and mass delivery of the first-level suppliers of well-known domestic automobile factories such as Biadi, upper gas, wide gas, Chang-An, the Great Wall, the East Wind, etc.
The high-quality customer resources accumulated by visual sensory products, the field of smart driving and car-body electronics are further invested in Kwanyo Electronics, based on ultrasound radars and visual sensors, and are designed to be a comprehensive business for the sale, development and production of intelligent driving collars.
Liu's net profit was reversed by growth, 2021, 2022, and January-April 2023, with electronics generating an operating income of 220 million yuan, 389 million yuan and 162 million yuan, respectively.
Optimization drives bright performance growth, with 800 g light module demand at $10,000 and $11 million. The acquisition transaction accelerates the company’s optical and electronic car imports and volume production, and builds a new business growth curve.
Intermediary is a light module lead business, which has been built in the field of optical communications, in the accumulation of optical software, in precision light, in the production of e-products on a scale and in the globalized supply chain system.
In a sophisticated ecosystem, the company is actively promoting the development of new types of automobile smart pods and smart drivers, such as car-borne light interconnections, new-generation laser radars, etc. With the advent of artificial intelligence, the core hardware of car intelligence will grow rapidly, according to yole.
It is estimated that the size of the automobile adas laser radar market will increase from $38 million in 2021 to $2 billion in 2027, with an average annual compound growth rate of 73%.
In the future, it is hoped that industrial synergies will be achieved through high-quality e-market channels and high-quality customer resources through the fast-tracking of company imports and volumes of new auto-optical products. The Ministry of Technology supports the commercialization of Level 1-3 and higher autopilots, which accelerates the drive to intelligence.
Recently, Deputy Minister Shin Guobin stated at a press conference that he would launch a pilot on access to and access to smart network cars, organize a demonstration application at the municipal level, “Integration of road clouds”, and support conditional autopilots, i.e., level 1.3, and higher-level autopilot applications.
The Ministry of Information has already started this work, and the local response is also positive, and there will be more intelligent products on the road in the future. Intelligent change involves more, deeper, and more room than electricization, car network connection.
There will be strong support for key technology closings, encouraging major business-led, large- and medium-sized enterprises to engage in cross-sectoral and synergistic innovation, and technology R & D is less advanced than expected, industry competition increases risks, business risks, etc.
Chief: Sixteen years of work in the electronics and communications industry, in China, Ali Baba, Motorola, and Fauscan, many international branding terminals, working in research and development, engineering, supply chain procurement, etc., have served in China as Director General of the Procurement of Terminal Semiconductor Chips, Director of Supply Chains at Ali Baba A. Long-term focus on three main directions: one, semiconductor and hard technology; two, smart cars and robots; and three, new sources of energy.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to another person.