On 30/08/2022, the company affected by the epidemic was under pressure and several new contracts for the operation of the main battalion increased.
2022h1, the company achieved business income of 13.646 billion yuan (+2.67 per cent) and remained stable, with a shutdown in the first half of the year in which the company was a holding company and its production operations were carried out mainly through its subordinate sub-directorate, which had some impact on the company's productive activities.
Table 12022h1 for subsidiaries with a net profit impact on companies exceeding 10 per cent of the net return profit (in thousands of units: increase in company cost, 5.49 per cent increase in raw material costs over the reporting period, manufacture of thong-carrying securities, Inc.)
In terms of products, 2022h1, the company ' s defence industry registered an increase of 12.80 per cent in revenue and a new convergence of 26.7 per cent in the same year, mainly completing the development and production of naval multi-type power equipment, transmission systems and military start-up/power batteries during the reporting period; successfully winning a diesel project for an integrated power station.
For the first time, new areas of the “airtime” market were introduced. 2022h1 maritime industry registered an increase of 31.65 per cent over the same period and new contracts increased by 42.80 per cent over the same period. The company's marine industry products include low-speed diesel, medium- and high-speed diesel, combined electricity and electricity.
At the same time, the company issued the Draft Report on Reorganization and Related Transactions of Major Assets of Affiliated Companies with Equity and Cash Acquisitions, which will integrate the diesel operations of the China Shipping Group with the expectation of regulating previous competition among their counterparts in the diesel business.
On the other hand, promoting the integrated development of diesel-powered and major spare parts operations will further enhance the competitiveness of the company's maritime industry. 2022h1 company has lost 6.41 per cent of business earnings from the same year, and the new contracts have increased on the same date.
7.47%. The company ' s application industry includes chemical power and land-based mechanical and electrical equipment. The chemical power side has achieved a fixed and supportive share of multiple vehicle start-up batteries during the reporting period, with a 54.45% increase in lithium battery operations over the same period; and the company perc electricity during the reporting period for silver-series products.
The pool has entered the batch phase, and the back silver powder is in the client certification stage. The operating income and the new contract for the silver product series have increased by 94.24% and 91.94%, respectively.
Obtaining several priority metallurgical enterprise spare parts projects with 157 per cent increase in orders over the same period, and during the period under review in the field of environmental conservation, companies enhanced market applications for new products and continued to expand high-end technology areas, successfully winning the Hua-Yun technology tower steam residual power generation, Guangdong petrochemical support project high torch system set, Sichuan Yong-Yin
Projects such as the acetylene screw compressor, with the highest semi-annual investment in research and development, with sufficient future performance on hand orders (+14.64 per cent), mainly due to employee remuneration in administrative costs due to social security preferences during the same period of the previous year
In terms of cash flow, the net increase in cash and cash equivalents of 2022h1 was $874 million, compared with $415 million for the same period, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic, the disruption of repayment progress and the increase in accounts receivable.
With regard to other financial data, 2022h1, the amount of corporate receivables and notes receivable was $15,107 million, an increase of 10.37 per cent from the end of the previous year, and the top five of the balance of the company ' s accounts receivable, which were accumulated on the basis of arrears, were all subordinates of the China Shipping Group, and we expect the company ' s accounts receivable to be bad.
In addition, the corporate contract liability of $5.100 billion (+41.14 per cent) has increased significantly, with 26.7 per cent in the same year for the corporate defence industry by business classification, 42.8 per cent in the same year for the marine industry and 7.47 per cent in the same year for the application industry, taking into account the company ' s main shipping operations.
In the first half of the year, we were ranked first in the world in terms of the number of new orders (in terms of heavy tons) that we received, and we believe that the company has sufficient orders in hand and that it is expected to make good on the profit sheet in the future.
On 23 August 2022, the company published the Draft Report on Reorganization of Assets and Associated Transactions by Subsidiary Companies for Equity and Cash Acquisitions, proposing that China ' s Powered Subsidiaries, the China-China-Store diesel machine, would purchase the ship ' s workers at a price of equity and cash to further regulate competition in diesel power.
The industry group, the China Heavy Industry group, the Chinese ship and the Chinese power industry each hold shares in the company concerned with diesel power operations. After the trade is completed, the ship diesel engines are in possession of 100% of China’s boat wood, woodwork, river weight, and China’s ship power group, and they become China’s power holding subsidiary, China’s power holding stock.
This integration will further consolidate China’s position as a leader in the domestic ship’s diesel-powered business. Prior to this reorganization, China’s power held 100% of China’s heavy-weight ship and fuel workers.
After this transaction, the company will hold an indirect interest in 51.85% of China’s boats, firewood, river fuel, and medium-boat power.
China Ship Dynamics Group Ltd. held full ownership of the China Shipping Industries Group prior to this consolidation, the main business being the development, sale and after-sale services for medium-power, low-speed diesel engines, and the domestic weight unit for diesel carriers, the main products of which were medium- and low-speed diesel, gas and double-fuel machines.
The company’s subsidiary, the China diesel engine, is expected to increase further when it completes its control of the Chinese power.
The company’s diesel engine is competitive. China’s power is the leading diesel engine in the country, with more than 90% of naval mid-speed and high-speed diesel equipment in the military field prior to consolidation; over 35% in the civilian low-speed diesel sector and about 15% in the international market; and about 15% in the civilian medium-speed wood industry.
In 2021, China generated $9,287 million from diesel power operations and $6,598 million from China. At the same time, China’s low-speed international market is home to the world.
Second, China is powered by the first five international low-speed diesel suppliers, accounting for about 15 per cent of the international market, and is expected to become a leading player in the international diesel market, especially in the civil low-speed diesel industry, while maintaining a leading position in the domestic diesel market.
This transaction is expected to have a positive impact on corporate revenue collection and profitability, increasing net profit returns by 5% and pers by 7.14%, depending on the company ' s announcement.
The increase in the net return to the mother was mainly due to the fact that prior to the transaction, the company held 100% of the shares in China ' s ship and wood and 98.26% of the heavy workers in the river. The company held 51.85% of the shares between the three companies after the transaction was completed.
However, the impact of the increase in the shareholding ratio of minority shareholders needs to be considered in terms of the net profit margin. At the same time, the level of corporate Māori is expected to increase slightly when this integration is completed.
Figure 3 Company net profit and acceleration (in billions of yuan, per cent) China Air Stock Military Industry Group: over 20 persons of size, the largest military industry research team in the capital market, based on the strong strengths of the airline industry group, military industry research, military industry research, military industry, service industry, vision, depth, system, comprehensive coverage of all areas of the military industry, service to the capital market at the second level, good interaction with the regulatory bodies, industry, capital, etc. of the military industry
This report is not intended for citizens or residents of any area, country, or other jurisdiction in which China Securities Company Ltd. and its associated companies have violated local laws or regulations or could subject Chinese securities to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, acquiring or using this report. The copyrights of the material in this report are Chinese securities unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report shall not be made available to any other person by any means, or by means of a copy of the material, contents or copies thereof; they shall not be made available to you for reference purposes other than as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or an invitation to another person.