Quarterly report issued by the satellite chemistry (002648.sz) incident company, yielding operating income of $8.80 billion in the first quarter of 2024, compared to the level of Manpo.
Declining by 6.9 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of $1.02 billion, 46.6 per cent more than the previous year; company performance of 2401 rebounded from year to year, or losses in conversion of ethane stocks dominated the 2401 global day; gas market consumption was weak and supplied relatively well, gas prices were low, and the prices of ethane were similar.
The price of propane is also weak. We believe that the cost end of the c2 and c3 industrial chain has been reduced as the main raw material ethane, the price of propane and the price of propane have fallen, but the price differentials in the c2 and c3 industrial chain have been split, due to a slight shortfall in demand recovery and the impact of some product supply ends.c2 industry chain.
The average price of ethane was US$ 143/t, a decrease of 22.8 per cent over the same period; the main products were hdpe, styrene, polystyrene, thorium enlightenment, and the main products were polypropylene, acrylic acid, butyl ester, octanol, amethol, amethol, epoxypropyl
Depending on the price differentials and output capacity of the main products, we judge that the change in price differentials has had little effect on overall performance; that the losses in the conversion of the ethane inventory have been narrow or that the leading factor in the 24q1 performance rebound has been the increase in the Division’s performance, or mainly from the following two factors: the increase in the oil and gas price differentials in the lower c2 industry chain.
At the industry level, the current global supply of natural gas is relatively adequate, the price of ethane is expected to remain low, repair with end demand, and the c2 climate is expected to be stable.
In addition, 260,000 tons/year high molecular emulsions are under construction.
The company plans to invest about $25.7 billion in new high-end materials complexes in the city, including 2.5 million tonnes/year AFOs, 5.1 million tonnes/year AFOs, and 3.2 million USD/year AFOs/year.
Tons/year poe, 21.5 million tons of high-end polyolefins, 24.4 million tons/year pvc, 15,000 tons/year polyolefins, 50,000 tons/year ultra-molecular polyethylenes, etc. The project is planned to be constructed in two phases, with the Government's approval and the first EAC publication completed, with the completion of phase I of the project by the end of 2025 and the completion of the project by the end of 2026
Based on the advantages of the industrial chain, the company has developed high-end products for ethylene and acrylic acid downstream, co-financed the construction and operation of the 40,000 tonnes/year (phase I) and 50,000 tonnes/year (phase II) eaa installation projects. The current phase of the project is well under way and is expected to be completed in the first half of 2025.
The eaa project is operational and the company is expected to benefit from an alternative dividend in national production. [Galactic Chemical] Company scoring _ Satellite chemistry _ increased its performance for 23 years, with net return profits of 67.15, 72.61, 10,422 million yuan, an increase of 40.19 per cent, 8.14 per cent,
[Galactic Chemical] Company appraising _ Satellite chemistry _ year-on-year ahead of year, new project growth _ 20240123 I have committed myself to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
He was, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Ren Wenbo, a doctor of chemistry from China’s Petroleum University (Waodong). He worked as a senior engineer in China’s oil industry for eight years, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018, mainly in the chemical industry.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.