\triangleright first quarter of the year, the company achieved operating income of $8.805 billion, a decrease of 6.95 per cent in the same year; and realized a net return profit
1023 million yuan, an increase of 46.55 per cent in the same year; net profit from the non-repatriation of 1,063 million yuan, an increase in the same year \triangleright New projects have been laid down and the company ' s industrial chain has been further extended.c In industry 2, companies were able to increase their profits by 2023.
\triangleright Successfully completed the launch of the 600,000 tonnes/year styrene project at the Altair Harbour Base; 400,000 tonnes/year polystyrene, 100,000 tonnes/year ethanolamine and 150,000 tonnes/year battery-grade carbonate project at Green New Materials Industrial Park in one drive
In the industry, companies acquired 100% of the limited ownership of the new material in Jiangsujia, adding a new product series of epoxypropanes to the c3 chain, which is the first hydrogen-based product in the country.
Industrialization devices for continuous operation on a scale are the only industries allowed for export by the Customs Administration for the production of epoxypropane; at the same time, the company expects that the new energy integration project for new materials at the plain lake base will be delivered in mid-2024, which will make more efficient use of pdh acrylate resources to produce polycarbonols and produce acrylates.
In addition, Kagsing Base will speed up the 260,000-ton high molecular emulsion project and expand the acrylic acid. 23-year quarterly reviews of 23-q1 performance have improved significantly, ester downstream to high-end textile emulsions, coated emulsions, glues, battery glues and new chemical materials such as coatings.
Looking forward to the gradual realization of growth by 2023/04/29 and the promotion of significant qualitative and quantitative upgrading of the company’s industrial chain.
In 2023, the company successfully launched a 1,000-ton \triangleright alpha-finylline project, which met the expected targets and was organized by the China Petroleum and Chemical Federation.
At the same time, companies continue to increase their investment proposals: we expect the company to achieve a net return profit for 2024-2026.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.