Satellite chemistry released the first quarter of 2024, with operating income of $8.805 billion, with the same decrease in the pcto Spring Festival factor affecting production and sales, and a marked improvement in the price difference ring ratio of c2
Revenues increased slightly in the first quarter, profits increased significantly in the same quarter, income and profit chains were narrow and company prices were tied to the trend of 300 deep, and sales were influenced by factors.
The price of the product is supported by the average price of the ring of ethylene cfr + 5.77%. The price of ethylene, propane low seasons continues to be low, with an average price of 19.29 cents/gallons per quarter, i.e. 15%/n/n and 53311.5-t/t/n/n/propane. The price of ethylene fission is significantly lower.
From 2024, we believe that oil prices will remain high, that the trend of excess natural gas supply in the United States will remain unchanged, and that corporate profits will stabilize.
The company's 2024 project is well-stocked, and the 800,000 tonnes of BKC project is expected to start in the second quarter.
Lishanko. In addition, 260,000 tons of high molecular emulsions and 200,000 tons of acrylic acid production capacity will be rapidly advanced in the α-vinyl hydrocarbons complex using the high end new materials industrial park project, opening up the growth space α-vinyl hydrocarbons complex using the high end new materials industrial park project, which is about to arrive.
On June 17, 2023, the project and the Park Management Board concluded their contracts and signed the first charter parties agreements. On November 10, 2023, the project completed the provincial records flow.
On December 29, 2023, a phase of the project was published.
3. The downward trend in the United States gas price hub, with light (1) risks arising from fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and major products; (2) risks to safe production;
(3) Environmental protection risks; (4) implementation of the project at a slower rate than expected; use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I personally refer to these.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.