The performance of listed companies is steadily injected into asset-rich orders.
In the first half of the year, the company collected 2,659 million yuan, an increase of 17.15 per cent, and 23,55 per cent, an increase of 0.13 percentage points.
In the first half of the year, there was a rapid increase in the distribution and conversion automation operations in the four automated panels, with a total of 31126 units procured throughout the 16-year period, indicating that the national network has increased its investments in the area of distribution automation; the conversion automation operations are currently engaged in three bidding rounds, with a 7 per cent increase in protection equipment compared to the previous year.
Control-type operations increased by 8 per cent in the same year; major performance contributions from movement control automation came from the upgrade of d5,000, which required the avoidance of the next upgrade of the follow-up product; and the solicitation of electricity meters in the electrical automation operation, the first of which was conducted in the first half of the year, with a total of 21 million electricity meters, 7.1 million priority products, 16 years
There was a slight decline in energy-saving and environmental operations, with the potential for energy-saving and recharge operations. Energy-efficient and environmental panels.
In the first half of 17 years, the Zhejiang and Jiangsu network energy-saving projects continued, with energy-saving operations directed primarily at the system, the National Network Energy-Save Corporation (NCN) offering its own bids, better prices than the national network, and the South Swe is also exploring the financial leasing model for the construction of the network.
The company conducts equipment manufacturing and operations, with the national grid-filled equipment collection receiving the first share of the winning bid, achieving access to 22,000 power-filled posts on the platform of the national electric car interconnection project. The strategy for power generation and new energy operations has contracted, and the bulk of the turnkey package confirms a large increase in revenue.
1. Increased competition in the historic reorganization of assets in New South Switzerland, increased profit decline in the photovoltaic lump-sum market, and continued robust asset injections in the performance of the current project.
The Māori rate is relatively low. The RTG collected $474 million, an increase of 44.02 per cent over the same period, Māori rate of 10.66 per cent, a decrease of 6.67 percentage points over the same period, and Ning and the Intercity List began to confirm that performance was recognized centrally at the rate of delivery and that growth was expected to continue at a high rate for 17 years, while the total package project was lower than the overall Māori.
In addition, this year, the company won the Mingbo, Chongqing and other track monitoring systems and the HPD Integrated System, which took over from the Beijing Swallow Line Asset Management Information System and the Full-Automated Operation System and Transport Management Platoon equipment integration project, stabilizing the market for the products of the Integrated Surveillance Subway.
The South Swe Group ' s overall listing program is on the ground, with a wealth of direct business orders for the Nan Swe and Prey projects, which will double over the four-year period from 2016 to 2020. The South Swe Group ' s overall listing has been expected since the beginning of the market in the first half of the year, with an announcement of a capital injection program, with all of the Group ' s high-quality assets being injected into the company.
The assets are Nanxiu and Prey projects, which now occupy 50% of the country's direct transmission valves together, with 6 switch stations in the publicly winning lines of the national electricity grid, which, if measured on the basis of 1 billion switch stations, are six billion dollars in hand orders. New Nanxie brands carry a historical mission, and the future of New South Swe will enhance business integration.
To strengthen managerial synergies and streamline management, the overall business situation is expected to double in four years by 2020, with new electronic power operations and overseas being the main growth points. Under combined calibres, 16-year contracts are estimated at $44 billion, with a slight increase in costs and a positive increase in operating cash flows in 2020. Corporate sales costs were $211 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 11.81 per cent compared to 11.81 per cent.
Sales cost rate of 5.04 per cent, compared to 4.99 per cent in the same period last year; management costs incurred at $278 million, an increase of 3.68 per cent over the same period, management costs Profit projection and investment rating: we expect 16 years of steady performance, during the historic phase of asset injections, companies Chart 4: net return profits by quarter
The G9 Financial Forecasts are set up with the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.