In the first half of 2017, the company achieved operating income of $4,176 million, an increase of 10.03 per cent, offset by a 0.55 percentage point decrease in the share of sales, driven by administrative costs, in terms of the costs of the period of attribution.
With the decline in the Māori rate, income tax benefits from subsidiary income tax relief by 40%, which effectively boosts corporate profitability. From business analysis, grid automation contributed 2,659 million yuan, a 17.15% increase compared to the previous year, with rapid growth in distribution and conversion automation products; industrial controls continue.
Reservation capacity is stable; both power generation and new energy operations and Māori are receiving a double drop in their contribution. □ The overall listing programme adds a new impetus to the original business.
The company plans to acquire Prett's high-pressure, design, relay electrical, IEC, Prey Engineering, PreyTech, Beijing, Shanghai, Indonesia, Brazil, Switzerland.
According to financial data for 2016, the total assets, collections, business structures and profitability of the targeted assets are added to the consolidation of the company ' s grid automation, charging station operations.
Following such operations as electricity protection and flexible transmission, electricity information and communication, the capacity of the epc and overseas operations Wu Haihama has been enhanced to form a more complete industrial chain of smart power grids.
In May, it completed its high-voltage, high-voltage, high-voltage direct transmission system.
The expert identification of key equipment, which has reached international leadership levels, paves the way for a global high-voltage, high-volume, soft-direct transmission project in the future. Together with the Prey Project, it has an important market position in ultra-high-pressure and flexible transmission technologies.
Xu Chengqing morning, an international project - the Hetlandland Straight Transmission Project, United Kingdom, the Nanxie Group will serve as the supplier of the switchboard and will also demonstrate the strength of soft transmission technology under the Group's flag, as well as for future companies.
Injecting the assets will help the company become a master in the soft transmission sector. □ If the moat is automated, energy-efficient, industrial-controlled growth power is still 90% of the year’s coverage, there is still much room for growth in the area of electricity distribution only; in 2017, it will be built 90%.
If planned, the industry is expected to grow at a high rate, thereby guaranteeing the growth of energy-saving operations; the rate of electrification of railways has increased from 61 per cent to 70 per cent in 2020 and urban track; the mileage of road transport operations has increased from 3,300 kilometres to 6,000 kilometres in 2015; and in view of all
The company’s performance growth in electricity automation and industrial control over the next four years will be strongly supported. The increase or decline in the securities (or industry index) relative to the depth 300 index over the 12 months from the date of this report is defined as follows:
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.