(600406): steady growth in performance, with a second set-up, the preparation of the carrier ready to issue, and steady growth in corporate performance in the first half of 2017, mainly as a result of the company's new and old business development
The main reason for the double-digit growth in company performance was the increase in the market share of the company's power conversion plant automation, electricity automation, camera modulation, etc., in the national grid collection, which generated 2,659 million yuan in the first half of 2017, an increase of 17.15 per cent in the same year. In the first half of the year, the market for integrated metro surveillance products accounted for the market.
There was a steady rate of market breakthroughs in subway information and communications operations, successively winning the Ningbo, Chongqing tracks, integrated traffic surveillance and the Harpoon Railway Integrated System; the electrical railway market was also substantially broken, the middle-line iron secondary equipment integration project, and so on. Multiple profits were added, industrial controls (including orbital traffic) were added.
The sector achieved operating income of $474 million, an increase of 44.02 per cent from the previous year, with poor performance in new energy and energy-saving operations, which are expected to reverse in the second half of the year $460 million, a decline of 8.56 per cent from the same year.
The negative effects of increased competition in the sub-sectors and tight financing of the industry. Given the benefits associated with the new energy sources, policies have come to an end, with a clear trend towards better photovoltaic and wind markets, coupled with faster growth in markets such as company wind power forecasts, participation in the development of standards for offshore wind power technology in the East of China, and the introduction of a national network for the replacement of electrical equipment.
In the long run, the company will accelerate the expansion of its new product and hope to achieve future performance.
At the end of 2016, the company started a major asset-intensive group with the National Network of Holding Shareholders, the Nanse Group. On May 17, 2017, a preliminary asset restructuring announcement was published: the proposed acquisition of 87 per cent of Nan Swe, 100 per cent of Pratt's holdings, 100 per cent of Prey Project shares, including 100 per cent of Nan Swe's shares, and 100 per cent of Nan Swe's shares.
In addition, 99% of Brazilian companies and 90% of Indonesian companies were injected. Nanxia was the absolute leader in the domestic relay protection sector, with one of its core products in the country.
The company’s two former grid automation and industrial control, power generation, and hydro-environmental protection, and its restructuring have been followed by the addition of three main operational units, namely, power protection and flexible transmission, electricity information communications, overseas and engineering packages, while at the same time, in the south.
The infusion of indicators such as Rijbot, Prett, and Yun-Shun will enhance the competitiveness of the two pre-existing plates. We believe that this restructuring is expected to maximize internal synergies, and that profitability will continue to be released.1 New business expansion is not as expected;2 and restructuring operations are not as integrated as expected.
State Tele-band State Tele-Namrepb-band Summer and Fall: Master of Economics, Texas & University, United States, joined the Department of Securities and Investment Bank of Huambo in February 2015 as project manager, August 2016 added
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.