Cutting off net profits at a 38% increase is expected, growth hormones are fast, and rapid growth will drive the company into a high-speed development period.
The company reported an annual increase of 37.92% in the net profit of $643 million from non-recurring profits.
In the fourth quarter of 2017, the company achieved operating income of 1,455 million yuan, an increase of 106.19 per cent over the same period; net profit attributable to the owner of the listed company was 175 million yuan, an increase of 66.67 per cent over the same period; and, secondly, our view: faster growth in the Kinsey pharmaceutical industry was sustained by more than 50 per cent and the vaccine industry returned.
The net profit off non-recurring gains and losses in East is $643 million, an increase of 37.92 per cent over the previous year.
The performance of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry has been growing rapidly since 2015. This year, the company’s revenues grew by 51.08%, and net profits by 38.36%.
Three-quarter reviews in 2017: Golden Race Pharmacy, 100 grams of bio-growth, driving company industry, and semi-annual reviews in 2017: BioPharma.
The first quarter of 2017, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry was over-expected, driving the company's performance table.
4 - 2016: The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry maintained a high rate of growth; 100 grams of biopox vaccine showed that growth hormones have been growing rapidly since 2016, as can be seen from data from sample hospitals in priority cities.
The gold-challenged pharmaceutical industry, as a leading growth hormone business, has benefited a lot. And the gold-challenged drug industry’s growth hormone ratio has increased further, reaching 64.86% in 2017, compared to 2016, and we believe that the 2018 gold-challenging pharmaceutical industry will continue to grow at a rapid rate, mainly for the following reasons: 1) as the country consumes it.
As the upgrade takes place, the market for growth hormones will be further expanded; (2) the long-acting growth hormone IV clinic of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry is about to be completed, and the company's promotion of long-acting growth hormones will be increased further, with higher sales leading to further product growth, 2.100 grams of organisms benefiting from the heating of the vaccine industry and product exports, with revenue and profit-side increases of 112 per cent and 68 per cent.
In 2017, 100-gram organisms achieved revenues of 735 million yuan, an increase of 112.6 per cent, and a net profit of 125 million yuan, an increase of 68.42 per cent. We believe that the rapid growth of 100-gram organisms is due mainly to the negative effects of the vaccine industry’s exit from Shandong vaccine, the overall warming trend and the successful export of products to India.
Further expansion of the market, we expect the growth of corporate income and profits to remain at 50%. 3. High new real estate performance will remain stable and will continue to provide cash flows to companies in the future. High new real estate will achieve settlement revenue of $598 million, an increase of 6.49%, compared to the same increase; net profits of $92 million, a rise of the same amount.
4. The company’s increase in the Māori rate, with higher cost resulting in lower net interest rates, is the result of lower costs, mainly due to the scale effect, and low roll-over (the way the billing moves from factory to final sale prices). The firm’s net interest rate has fallen, mainly because of higher costs of company sales.
They judge that Kinsey, driven by such factors as the downfall of channels and the rising share of new products, can sustain high growth and continue to contribute to the company’s profits; 100 grams of organisms are gradually returning to domestic sales after the “vaccine” event, while at the same time improving biological production processes.
After completion, the company is expected to make a profit out of the loss. Therefore, we maintain a “buy-in” rating.
(b) The company's long-acting growth hormones have worked well to alleviate the suffering of drug users, which is likely to occur because of relatively high prices.
There was a lower-than-expected sales promotion. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board