High executives have increased confidence, and corporate development is worth looking forward to.
From 8 to 9 March 2018, some directors, supervisors and senior managers of the company acquired a total of 40.9 million shares of the company through the Second Antintan 128antingantingan 1212antantintan level market, all of which were self-financed.
Our view is that growth hormones are growing steadily, that our city has the highest rate of water pox vaccines, that the growth hormones are increasing, that the growth hormones are driving the gold race growth, that in 2017 the subsidiary Kimsai pharmaceutical industry grew 51.08 per cent, and that the net profit is increasing at a rate of 51.8 per cent.
38.36% of the growth was rapid. We believe that the rapid growth of the Golden Race drug industry is largely due to the growth of the market for growth hormones. According to data from the priority city sample medicine, the sales of hormones in the first three quarters of 2017 exceeded the level of 2016, while the market share of growth hormones in the Golden Race drug industry was also higher.
At an increase of 64.86 per cent in 2017, an increase of 3 percentage points over 2016. We believe that the growth in corporate performance will continue to be driven by a steady increase in income from long-activated growth hormones.
The company's main product is a vaccine for chicken pox and rabies.
In 2017, the company’s market for chicken pox vaccine products was 35%, and it is still in the forefront of the industry. With the gradual introduction of the vaccination formula of 1 to 2 doses of pox vaccine in every region of the country, 100 grams of life will continue to grow steadily.
The three-quarter reviews of 2017: the Golden Race Medicines industry, the 100-gram bio-growth, driven by the company ' s directors, supervisors and senior managers passed two from 8 to 9 March 2018.
Business over-expected, driving the company's performance in the first quarter of the year.
4 - 2016: The gold racing pharmaceutical industry was able to sustain high growth and continue to contribute to the company's profits, driven by factors such as the gradual increase in the share of the industry; high growth; 100-gram biohydrococcal vaccine
The 100-gram bios gradually returned to domestic sales after the “vaccine incident” and, after the completion of the overhaul, were expected to make a profit out of the loss. We therefore maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board