The growth hormones have been growing rapidly and the future of the industry has been wide-ranging. The company recently published its annual 2017 report: during the reporting period, the net profit on revenue and return to the mother was 4,102 million and 662 million, respectively, an increase of 41.6 per cent and 36.5 per cent over the same period; the net profit on non-retroactivity to the mother was 6.43 per cent.
Promulgated annual profit distribution programme: based on a total equity share of 170 million, a gold dividend of $8 (including taxes) per 10 shares for all shareholders, a red share of 0 (including taxes) and no increase in shares from the reserve.
The growth hormones have been growing faster and the future market space has been vastr, yaz, yaz, yaz, yaz, r.r.yr.z.zer, y 2017, with the company ' s genetic engineering/biopharmaceutical operations generating $2.8 billion, an increase of 62 per cent over the year.
The most important driver of corporate performance growth is the gold-track pharmaceutical industry, which has achieved an increase of about 50% in the long hormone series throughout the year, with water needles and needle products exceeding 1.6 billion and long-acting products in the market. Growth hormones are used to treat children’s shortness.
Field penetration rates are still low, with over 15 billion market space in the future, and domestic growth hormone products will continue to be driven by a combination of market promotion + cost escalation + market penetration rates
A fast-growing momentum. As a leading domestic growth hormone business, the Golden House will also benefit from its own marketing model reform, a high-situation profile and a rich high-moric product line that will guarantee a high rate of growth in its performance in the coming years.
In 2017, 100 grams of life were harvested and net gains were recorded, amounting to 735 million, 125 million, an increase of 110 per cent and 67 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year. The faster growth in vaccine operations was the negative impact of the company’s escape from the Shandong vaccine incident on the one hand.
The impact, and the high prices associated with the “one-vote” vaccine flow chain. On specific varieties, the company's rabies vaccine and chicken pox vaccine products have grown rapidly, with over 200,000 rabies issued, and sales of pox vaccine have continued to rise in the second half of the year.
In addition, the company’s pharmaceutical and real estate plates performed well, with business income increasing by 10 per cent and 11.7 per cent respectively, with a significant increase in real estate stock due mainly to the fact that its real estate companies, in cooperation with other real estate companies, invested in the direction of cooperative projects during the reporting period.
The company's research and development pipeline is rich, and it's expected to move into the harvest period.
Herpes or vaccines are undergoing three stages of clinical feasibility validation, rabies vaccine in freezing people, and three sessions of bed trials are progressing steadily. In addition, there are a number of early clinical projects in the pipeline, such as injection of acetic trarin, microballs, and golden-told anti-injection fluids.
The company, as the leader of the domestic recombinant protein drug, looks at the risk factors of the company's growth hormone series: the risk that the market for existing products will not be as popular as expected, the wind of failure in the development of new drugs.