The performance is in line with expectations and the rapid growth of growth hormones is continuing — the annual report for 2017 was evaluated in Changchun (000661), which was published on the evening of 8 February, and the annual 2017 report was published by Changchun Goh, which achieved operating income of $4.102 billion in 2017.
The net profit of shareholders in listed companies was $662 million, an increase of 41.58 per cent and 36.53 per cent, respectively, while the performance of the pharmaceutical industry was largely in line with expectations, with the gold-tracking industry as the engine of growth. In 2017, the company achieved operating income.
683 million) of which three major pharmaceutical platforms (Kimai Pharmaceutical + 100g Biology + Huacon Pharmaceuticals) are operating, and we've judged that the four quarters of the pharmaceutical industry grew slightly less than three quarters, with four quarters of the gold pharmaceutical industry net profits falling slightly, mainly as a result of a single quarter increase in operating costs.
Auyang Woo's sword still contributes as much as 74 per cent, is a central driver of corporate profit growth, benefits from the number of hospitals developed, the number of new patients admitted, the number of drug use times increased, and the growth hormone business in the Golden Race medicine industry is expected to remain above 30 per cent for the next two years.
The vaccine operation is steadily recovering, and the two heavy-pound varieties are well on the market.
Influenza vaccine hysteria has been completed, the active herpe vaccine is being prepared, and experimental supplies have been prepared for the rabies vaccine hysteria clinical trial for the McFrozen Dynasty, which is expected to be successfully marketed in 2018-2019 for three vaccine varieties.
The jet type, the market space of 1.5 billion yuan, the live herpes vaccine, is expected to be the country’s first to be marketed, the market space of 2 billion yuan, and the two varieties will provide greater elasticity. Moving forward, real estate companies will move from a single to a multi-dimensional to a stable growth period.
Quick release, 100 grams of vaccine operations providing better performance and valuation elasticity.
In West Side, at 28 West Rixie Street, at 1000 Hengsheng Building, Lujiang Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa, 6th tax-exempt trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The company's clients (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) use the information of legal compliance to produce this report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.