Incident 01 November 2023: 31 October 2023, 3rd Quarterly Report 2023 by Commissariat, First 3 Quarterly Company \triangleright
\triangleright 0.49 ptt. The company is able to achieve a high rate of reverse return in the event of falling returns.
In keeping with the focus on investment, sales increase to protect against sustained performance growth. According to the company announcement, in 2023, \triangleright 1-3 quarters, the company acquired 38 plots of land in aggregate, essentially at the heart of the north-high, long-lying sand fertilization, etc.
The research assistant, Seo-Jung, has a total of 3.71 million square meters of land, totalling $69.1 billion in land, and a high-quality soil reserve. And a steady increase in sales has laid a solid foundation for the growth of companies’ future performance.
\triangleright 1. First coverage report by Comtrade (001979.sz)
A hundred-year-old pendulum has been sequestered to raise $8,428 million for each RMB, RMB 11.81 for the development of investments in the Trade Office, and the Gyeong-Ann securities, to be the first home in the industry to complete the third arrow.
The company’s ability to invest more easily and to sharpen the quality of its products, in a broader context of supply-side clean-up, provides the basis for a high-quality expansion of the company. \triangleright
Our strengths in developing capacity and operating capacity will be highlighted, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Expected risks; and risks of policy change.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.