- Merchant Snakes (001979.sz) in the three-quarters of 2023 reported net profits of 3,769 million yuan, an increase of 27.45 per cent over the previous three quarters, with a net interest rate of 7.29 per cent.
Revenues of 1,595 million yuan, an increase of 25.43 per cent over the previous year; 2) a decrease in the share of minority shareholders: corporate equity gains of 1,757 million yuan, a decrease of 48.16 per cent over the same period, representing a net profit share of 31.80 per cent, which is greater than in the same period last year than the company's investment strategy, which in recent years has been focused on the core cities, and the company's sales schedules in the first and the stronger second-line cities.
In January-September, the company ranked first in Shanghai for full-calibre sales, four in Shenzhen for the Top10 team, and eighth in Xian for sales. Then the market continued to stabilize, adding to the company’s high-quality soil storage structure, and we believe that the company’s sales are expected to grow in double digits throughout the year.
According to the company announcement, January-September 2023 was the eighth year of the industry, with a significant increase in the amount of land stored in hot spots such as Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, and Suzhou, in which the single city of Beijing invested more than $10 billion.
In January-September, companies accumulated more than $25 billion in super-slender, Chinese votes, corporate debt, and so on, and the financing advantage continues to be highlighted. Companies are set to increase their co-financing.
Financial flows, increasing the net assets of companies. According to the announcement, as at 30 September, the net corporate liability rate was 41.02 per cent, down 6.87 pct from the same period last year, short cash debt was 2.09 per cent, higher than the reported 0.3 per cent, and debt composition was further optimized.
The size of the company continues to expand. Quite a profit forecast and investment rating: the company is expected to benefit in the future from supply-side segmentation, and sales continue to grow, keeping the industry in the lead. So we expect the company to keep it up to date for 2023-2025.
Risk factors: Real estate regulation policies are tightened or relaxed as expected.
Itd House No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, six years of research in the real estate industry, after a Master of Finance from the University, served in China Xinjiang and China Liang.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.