New product lines expanded with overseas operations, contributing to increased performance.
The increase in the income of the company in 2018 was mainly due to a new product.
The output of new products (segregaters/connectors, etc.) was released with a revenue of 391 million yuan from lightless devices, an increase of 26.46 per cent from the previous year, and 84.62 per cent from the previous year. The share of light-sourced devices was 10.03 per cent, an increase of 2.91 pct from the same period.
With rapid growth, the company set up a United States subsidiary in 2018, relying on the localization of United States affiliates and rapid response advantages, to further expand its offshore high-quality customer development and boost growth in operating income, achieving $147 million in offshore operating income over the reporting period, an increase of 41.19 per cent over the same period.
The main reason for this decline is to achieve effective control over competition market costs and to boost the Māori rate. Over the reporting period, the overall Māori ratio of companies was 51.27 per cent (-4.26 pct), higher than the overall market level.
In the future, as the share of overseas income increases, a higher rate of overseas Maori will compensate for the company’s downside in the country. Overall cost rates, the company remains stable, has entered the bulk delivery phase, and the box wrapping line has completed site construction during the reporting period, among other things.
The project, which is about to move towards scale production, the gradual transformation of corporate products from components to integrated products, has cost research and development of $419.2 million, an increase of 22.36 per cent over the same period.
The PV market is now moving to a high rate of 100/200/400g, and the company will also upgrade its products to provide a new generation of products to its customers. The company’s new production line was put into use in 2018, and its income will continue to grow in 2019 with the new production line.
It will grow rapidly, and companies will benefit first from the industry landscape. 36x, 29x, and 23x. The first “recommended” rating will be given.
Tianfu communication (300394): New product lines and overseas operations are expanding, contributing to growth in performance.
Chief of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of portfolio research experience, good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, and a brief description of the weekly research assistant's own research perspective. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, or will not be, relevant to the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.