Positioning for advanced manufacturing with a sustained growth in source products of US$ 21.84% over the same period. A quarterly report is issued for a profit of US$ 315.34 million - US$ 35.648.7 million, with high performance growth, and new products achieving volume production.
\triangleright achieved a rapid increase in its revenue in 2018, mainly as a result of the build-up of several new product lines, such as separators, cable connectors, and Lensarray, which achieved volume production in 2018.
Long, mainly because of the size of the new product line, the same-year profit contribution, and the change in the dollar-to-dollar rate over the reporting period and the increase in fiscal revenue. The Māori rate is 4.26% lower than in the same period last year, mainly as a result of lower prices for downstream products, but there has been a marked improvement in the quarterly Māori ring ratio.
In the reporting period, advanced optical electronic manufacturing services (oms) in the area of corporate strategic positioning light communications were used as a "high-end no-source."
This is based on two major business blocks: the Instrument as a Whole Solution and the High Speed Light Package Oem. Among them, the source device grew rapidly by 84.65% in the same year, and the Māori rate rose by 10.22%, indicating a significant improvement in the structure of the company’s products and an increase in the share of high-end products. At the same time, overseas operations expanded well, accounting for the share of corporate collections.
Further upscaling to 33.28% will be accompanied by the establishment of a United States subsidiary to further upgrade the localised service capabilities of large offshore clients and to closely collaborate with clients in the development of pre-stage high-speed products.
During the reporting period, companies continued to increase their R & D inputs, with R & D costs increasing by 22.37 per cent over the previous year, or 9.47 per cent; R & D personnel increased by 36 persons, or 14.23 per cent of the total. By increasing R & D, the market competitiveness of existing high-end, non-sourced devices was further enhanced, while high-speed optical devices were installed to cover the Oem platform for the next generation of clients.
(a) The development of new accompaniment products for the 100g/200g/400g upgrading rate; the development of new products is less than expected; the demand for downstream industries is less than expected;
Three-quarter high performance, new-line energy release, significant. 2018.10.09.
2019.1.14 Step-by-step increase: Yang Jiechi; Master ' s degree; nine years of professional experience; long-term involvement in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, etc.; August 2015 Joined Yang Myeon; Master ' s degree in economics, University of Foreign Economics and Trade; two years of business experience by operators; and 2017 Joined the Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.