Medical team, Lila Lupe is on the market and is expected to make a contribution. On March 30, 2023, the company's fully-owned subsidiary, China, received the National Drug Surveillance Authority.
1. " Performance growth in line with expectations, good medical performance -- pharmaceutical registration certificate approved by the Nmpa Board of Medicines in China and China " , 2022.10.26
2. "The growth in performance is in line with expectations, taking into account the four-quarter margin improvement - the East China Medical Point can be approved with the trade name Liluping.
3. " Performance meets expectations, the rapid development of medical and aesthetic services - the Lilalupig in medicine reports a better pattern of competition for injection fluids, and the potential for the product to be marketed.
2022.8.10 Lupin Clinic is used mainly to improve the control of blood sugar for type 2 diabetes in adults, as well as the treatment of obese or overweight patients (Overseas), the original research firm being Nord and Nord.
For diabetic adaptive disorders, and for products that are obese or overweight, applications have been submitted and accepted, and only China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-based research-based companies currently own sugar sales of approximately 1,479 million yuan a year, and saxenda-China-based marketing agreement for 2022.
133 million yuan. The company ' s products, using a different production process from those of the original manufacturer, have pre-defined the overall production capacity for the future development of the product at the existing production sites and the Jiangdong production base, and we appreciate the potential for rapid release of the company ' s products when they are on the market.
On the same day, the company issued a public announcement that the application for the Meglupe Injection Clinical Trial was approved. As the product pipeline became more abundant, the company had completed the innovative target range in the field of diabetes, the overall layout of the imitation drug, built from the imitation + innovation + three dimensions of the biomolecular.
A product matrix that has been gradually upgraded, with core treatment targets and clinically-mainstreamed medications distributed, has helped to enhance the competitiveness of companies in the field of diabetes medicine, to consolidate the company’s market leadership in the domestic field of diabetes treatment, and we look forward to its long-term development.
Profit predictions, valuations and ratings, we appreciate the sound development of the pharmaceutical industry and circulation of companies, the boom in medical and aesthetic operations, the uncertainty of the evolution of the epidemic: product R & D is not as fast as expected: product market competition is increasing.
This has led to a downward risk of net interest rates: market spreads are not as high as expected.