The company issued a bulletin on building permits for Unit 1,2 of the nuclear power plant in Suzhou and disclosed 2019.
The company announced that the National Nuclear Safety Administration had issued the company's nuclear power plant, Unit 1, and 2 on 9 October.
The building permits mark the conditions for the formal construction of the two fleets. The company will proceed with the planned construction of the first tank of concrete (fcd) on the nuclear island of the two crews in accordance with the site works, with a projected fcd to the grid cycle of about five years, which is expected to lead to a sustained growth of the company’s harvest in the near future.
We expect six to eight nuclear power units to be approved each year in the future. As only three leading companies in the country with civil nuclear facilities operating license plates, companies are expected to benefit fully.
The construction of four units is expected to be phased in by 2021, and the proposed construction project is expected to accelerate \triangleright. \Trangleright short-term looks at the construction of four units with a combined capacity of 4.56gw in Fukugi and Tanya.
Twenty-four percent of the loadings are expected to be phased in around 2021. With the permit for the construction of the Xiangzhou fleet, the work of the contracted Tian Wan 7, 8 and Xu Da Fort 3 and 4 units is expected to accelerate, and we expect six units to start work over the next two years to contribute to sustained growth in the company’s performance.
In the first three quarters, the generation of electricity increased by almost 20 per cent, and in the other three quarters, the company announced a significant increase in the amount of electricity generated in the first three quarters of the same period, up 19.14 per cent as of September 30, when commercial power was accumulated at 10,206 million kilowatts. Three nuclear power units increased from +269 to +7.9 billion kilowatt hours, and Jiangsu nuclear power increased from +48 per cent.
By 25.3 billion kilowatt-hours, it was mainly the tailing effect of the production of three units, one and two, and three and four units, in Tian Wan, in 2018. Moreover, the launch of the second reconnection of the Hainan electricity grid has guaranteed full capacity of nuclear power generation in Hainan, which rose by 21 to 7 billion kilowatt-hours.
This is lower than the industry ' s average forecast of 22 x 2019, and looks forward to the long-term development of the company in the context of the re-launching of nuclear power. For the first time, nuclear power was not built as expected: 2, the price of electricity on the Internet was lower than expected.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry, where he has been working on major energy trends, such as electricity equipment, new energy sources, and environmental protection, and is now in charge of public utilities and environmental policy studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.