Our report focuses on income-side analysis, summarizing historical fluctuations in revenue collection, and judging future revenue from downstream clients. The reason we choose is to discuss the public.
It's because we think that revenue is the most important indicator for tracking the score, and while the escalator's business model determines its cost rigidity, the profit side is more resilient as it increases, and the cost increase of the other position is the same as the net profit effect of the reduction in the cost of the contraction in 2020.
But the market value of the company is largely related to the annual revenue generated by the linear extrapolation of quarterly revenues. After clarifying the above, we need to analyse what factors are related to the company’s revenues, the stability of the company’s operations, whether or not the moat is in place, and the changes in industry patterns, whether or not.
Compared with the trend of 300 deep, there are competitors who share a piece of money; and 3, the willingness of advertisers to invest. The history of people’s development goes back, and we believe that the moat is the monopoly on high-quality sites.
The composition of the moat can be described as: the innovative discovery market (pre-emptive advantage) — taking advantage of quality points — developing quality customers — proving the value of the ladders — developing more points and following them. The core is the exclusive position of the dot, especially the high-quality dots, which is the basis for the willingness to do so.
For the time being, we believe that the company's moat is in place, and that the industry has a prominent role to play. In competition with the new media in 2018, 2019, companies have a clear sense of core competitiveness.
Knowing and responding correctly – the low Māori scale-up is guaranteed coverage, and the contraction in 2020 is more like clearing the battlefield. So we think it’s most important at this stage to focus on the willingness of the advertisers to pitch, and this report points out.
An analysis of the Internet industry and the consumer goods industry, which together account for 60% of the revenues of both companies. We believe that the strong competition for Internet segmentation, such as online education, community group purchasing, and the continued placement of new consumer brands in the context of consumption overlap will be the future.
The momentum that drove the growth of corporate revenue is more certain in 2021. We believe that there has been no significant change in the firm’s locational advantages, industry’s competitive patterns, etc., and look at the certainty that the continued investment of downstream customers will bring to the company’s future earnings.
The macroeconomic environment has not recovered as expected; the advertising of online education companies has fallen short of expectations; the introduction of new consumer goods and the introduction of new consumer brands for the economy has fallen short of expectations; the revival of cinemas has fallen short of expectations; the risk of recurring epidemics; and increased competition in the industry.
Our present report focuses on income-side analysis, summarizing the volatility of historical collections, and judging from the perspective of uncollected customers downstream. The reason we chose to discuss corporate collections is because we consider them to be the most important indicator for tracking divisions, and on the one hand, the escalator's business model determines its cost rigidity, profit.
While the net profit effects are equally significant, the market value of the company is largely related to the annual income from the quarterly revenue linear extrapolation. After clarifying the above, we need to analyse what factors are associated with the company’s revenue, which we believe are the following.
(a) The stability of the company's operations and whether the moat is in place;
In the history of people's development, we believe that the moat is the monopoly on high-quality sites, and that the moat is structured to be described as: innovative discovery markets (pre-emptive advantage) — taking advantage of high-quality sites — developing high-quality customers — proving the value of the ladder — developing more spots and recycling them.
It is a high-quality location on which there are large clients willing to pay the premium, and there is a high publishing rate. During this process, because of the dispersion of upstream media resources and downstream advertisers, the crowds have gradually built up as the only platform for the integration of upstream and downstream decentralized resources in the cycle of the river.
About 70% of the high Maori (in contrast to the cinema media, which is more fragmented downstream, but more concentrated in the upper cinemas, the Maori rate is lower than the Trailer). For the moment, we believe that the company's moat is in place and the industry is in a secure position. In competition with the new media in 2018, 2019, the company was clear about core competitiveness.
We recognize and respond correctly -- the low Māori scale-up is guaranteed coverage, and the contraction in 2020 is more like clearing the battlefield. So we think it is most important at this stage to focus on the will of the advertisers to launch, and this report analyses the Internet.
The industry and the consumer goods industry, both of which together contribute 60% of the income of the companies. We believe that the continued placement of new consumer brands in the context of the intense competition and consumer overlap of the Internet segment, such as online education, community shopping, etc., will be the driving force behind the growth of the company in the future, with the growth of the company in 2021.
Greater certainty in length.1 Internet + consumer goods are used daily to drive growth in corporate revenue. 1.1 “Change” and “No change” in industry structure
1.1.1 “No change”: Internet + 60 per cent of total daily consumer revenue, based on the structure of the customer industry, accounts for nearly 60 per cent of the company's total revenue from consumer goods and Internet sector.
Nearly 60 per cent; since the company adjusted its statistical calculus (the company adjusted its statistical calibre for industry division in 2019 to adjust its customers in other traditional industries, who are highly dependent on the Internet, to the Internet plate), from 2018 to 2020h1, consumer goods and the Internet sector accounted for 62.2 per cent, 55.1 per cent,
64.4% In fact, if the industry statistics are reversed in 2019, we can basically judge that the Internet has contributed about 60% of the total value of daily consumer goods over the past six years. It can be said that corporate revenues are mainly “changed” by these two industries: Internet sector revenues fell sharply in 2019 and consumer goods are used daily.
Since 2019, the share of income in the Internet industry has declined significantly, and the share of daily consumer goods has increased. In 2019, the share of Internet businesses has declined significantly, with the share of Internet companies still not fully returning, and the share of Internet industries in 2020h1 has fallen by 1,189 million yuan, or 6.1 per cent.
This compares with 25.8%, an increase of 5.3 pct in 2019, and a gap of 38.5% in 2018. The following is an analysis of historical fluctuations and future trends from the Internet and the consumer goods industry, respectively.
On the other hand, the financing of the primary market is closely linked to the development prospects and stages of the industry’s segmentation of the Internet enterprises concerned. We believe that the volatility of corporate Internet sector revenues is mainly influenced by the following factors:
2. The development prospects and stages of the Internet industry ' s breakdown of the track, the volume of which is directly related to the volume of the track; 3, other factors, such as industry regulation, etc. In combination with these three factors, when the financing environment is relaxed and the industry ' s regulation is not tightened, the breakdown of the track is in a state of eruption or
We believe that branding is an essential option for business development, and that under-advertising is a necessary route to branding the new economy. Historically, the corporate Internet sector continued to grow in 2014-2018, benefiting from the new economy in the long run.
Undesirable, the impact is passed on to the Internet industry, leading to a substantial decline in the amount and volume of financing of the Internet companies involved, as well as a substantial reduction in marketing and promotion costs, which is the problem with the company’s Internet sector. The epidemic has led to a breakdown of new opportunities in the Internet sector.
But there are still many opportunities for investment in the Internet sector ' s segmented track, such as online education and community shopping, which were better developed during the epidemic in 2020 as a result of the outbreak of the new crown, which led to significant investments in 2020. From the point of view of these three factors, online education and community shopping are both in place.
During the period of industrial eruptions, there was no absolute leader in terms of city occupancy, and road players were still at the stage of burning the money mounds. Although there was a recent industry regulatory risk in the social sector, we believe that the two areas of Internet segmentation were in a state of control and were the driving force behind the company’s growth in the Internet sector in 2021.
Figure 4 shows that the Internet industry has not been absent from the marketing battles at 1.2.1 strokes: revenues are closely linked to the Internet industry's pe/vc financing, affected by the new regulations governing the pe/vc market fund-raising environment in China since 2018.
The implementation of the new regulations on State financing limits access to various types of funds, regulates the multi-layered mosaics, rigidity payments, etc. of market-owned products, and the vc/pe sector is entering a difficult period of fund-raising. Reference is made to data from the cvsource investment, which is an unsatisfactory environment, and has led to a full return of investment in China’s pe/vc market since 2018.
The CvSource contribution shows a continuing downward trend in the total size of the pe/vc market and the number of investment cases in China from 2018 to November 2020, as a result of the tightening of regulations, the introduction of new regulations and the effectiveness of financial deleveraging since 2018.
The amount of pe/vc financing and the number of financing cases in China’s Internet industry have declined significantly since 2018q4, and the marketing and promotion costs of the respective companies will be affected. For companies in the Internet industry, the scale of financing in the primary market is highly correlated with their subsequent investment in marketing costs.
According to data from cvsource, after 2018q4, the amount of pe/vc financing in the Internet industry and the number of financing cases fell sharply, with 56% falling in the previous three quarters of 2019, and 58% decreasing in the same number of financing cases. As the size of the pe/vc financing in the Internet industry is significantly reduced, it will result in the corresponding companies.
In our view, the company’s revenue from Internet-based customers is tied to the Internet industry’s pe/vc financing. In 2019, the company’s Internet-based advertising revenue fell sharply because it has been new to the country since 2018.
The impact of the introduction, financial deleveraging, and increased regulation. As these regulations have been enacted, which directly affect the country’s pe/vc market fund-raising, the underachievability of the fund-raising environment will be further transmitted to the entire Internet industry, p/vc investment market.
1.2.2 One of the drivers of growth: 20 and 21 years of growth in online education in k12. In 2020, the country ' s education and training industry received substantial financial support from the pe/vc market, mainly online education, compared to other sectors. First, in terms of overall investment in the primary market, there were a large number of industries in the first half of 2020.
But in terms of the size of the financing, and given the impact of the epidemic, the 2020h1 investment market of our pe/vc has increased its investment in the education and training sector by 82%. In simple terms, the demand for online education has increased dramatically as a result of the epidemic’s driving force, leading to a breakdown of the competition.
In the education and training industry, k12 has the largest funding in 2020, exceeding the sum of the last four years. According to the Trustdata data, by October 2020, the scale of K12 online funding for education was close.
Three hundred and thirty-three billion yuan, compared to a cumulative 31,470 million yuan in 2016-2019, and 10 months before 2020, k12 education unicorns, such as ape mentoring, homeworkers, one-on-one leaders, spark thinking, programming cats, etc. In 2020, K12 education and training spending on advertising continued to rise, benefiting from a large number of front-line advertisements.
Questmobile data, in the first nine months of 2020, the total number of homeworkers, ape mentors, school students who have gone to school for a good future has reached about $5.5 billion, twice the number in the same period last year. Although there are no data on the online placement of advertisements in the k12 education training industry, we refer to questmobile statistics for teaching June 2019 to June 2020.
The trend of online advertising by companies involved in the reproductive training industry can be observed, starting in 2020, with an increase in the number of online advertising by industry companies, and it can be assumed that there is a steady increase in the number of low-line advertising. As a leader in low-line advertising, the media are expected to benefit from the marketing of the k12 education training industry.
At the same time, based on corporate disclosures, it is possible to confirm our theory that the company disclosed that “in the third quarter of 2020, the return of Internet advertising to a positive growth of 28% has benefited mainly from an increase in advertising in sub-sectors such as online education, online medicine, etc.”, which is higher than the 25.8% share of the 2020h1 Internet industry.
2 pct. Figure 12k12. Increased advertising input on the online education industry line. Figure 11.
Figure 13k12 shows an increase in advertising in the online education industry, which benefits the public media, and currently shows that the online education industry is still in a state of outbreak, with no absolute industry leaders, and businesses are still burning the money fields. From the average monthly active users of online education brands, there is not much difference between head brands.
According to ctr, the number of monthly users of ape tutorships in November of the year is approaching and the competition is strong; there is little difference in the names of middle-backing classes, such as specialty classes, high-quality classes. At the same time, there is no difference between zebraai and zebra.
As our population’s spending on education and culture and recreation continues to grow, our online education market is expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate. According to Canadian data, our online education user base continued to grow at the same rate from 2016 to 2020.
The number of users of online education, based on historical data on the growth of users in other sectors, has been innovative and far from reaching the penetration ceiling. At the same time, according to the National Statistical Office, the educational culture of our population for 2015-2019 is rising at a rate of 63.7 per cent from June 2019 to June 2020.
Recreational spending continued to grow, at a rate of around 9 per cent in 2017-2019, and continued to increase in the education sector. Of the various areas of online education, k12 has a particularly wide scope for online education development. Reference ctr., 2020, of our online education users, k12 online education products outnumber other products by 42 per cent, but I do.
The country ' s k12 online education penetration rate among the target population is still low, at 17 per cent. Moreover, the size of primary and secondary school users as the largest target group at this stage in the cantonal education sector continues to grow. According to national statistics and ctr data, the number of students in the country ' s k12 schools is expected to grow by a further 2.2 per cent between 2020 and 2022.
The online education sector is expected to continue to benefit from the sales drive in 2021. According to the online education sector financing cycle, according to the Ere advisory data, the education sector financing cycle gradually moved back from 2016 to 2020, indicating that firms that had invested in the previous period grew up.
Large, and indirectly, the scale of the enterprise’s impact is beginning to show. Meanwhile, in terms of the scale of online financing for the education sector, according to the Ere advisory data, online financing for education totalled approximately $103.4 billion in 2020, of which $4.8 billion (about $33.3 billion) and $3.5 billion (about $24.3 billion) were allocated to future and ape mentors, which accounted for more than 50 per cent of total financing.
With the growth of online education head businesses and the build-up of financial support, competition in the online education sector can be expected to increase in 2021. The online education industry, on a short-term basis, depends on marketing, and on product experience and effectiveness in the long run.
1.2.3 Power Two: Community Group Buying is expected to come to an outbreak The Community Buying Platform after the 2020 epidemic has received a lot of capital support and a wave of Internet giants have entered the Bureau.
On December 16th, our community buy-up industry raised about 17.17 billion yuan, an increase of 356% over the last six years, exceeding the sum of the funds raised. – On the other hand, the traditional community buy-out platform continues to receive first-level market funding, with investments totalling nearly $250 million in three years in 2020.
For example, the track, such as Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xing, Ali's Ministry of the Ma Yu Xing, the United States Group's Department of Merit, the Order of Meri Xi Xi, the Order of Orange Hearts, the House of Friends, and the "Foot House" Xiao Fong Xiao Fong. From the current marketing of the Community Group's clients, there are now Park's buying vegetables and Orange Hearts.
While community group purchases are now quiet in December 2020, we believe that competition for community group purchasing platforms will continue, and that this boom in community group purchasing channels will also bring about a boom in community group purchasing platforms in the marketing field, which is expected to benefit the public. At the same time, in terms of industry competition, the community group buying competition is now ongoing.
There's a lot of players, not only cross-border players like this, but also traffic giants like troupes, Ali, the USA, Dots, and Kyouta, and when it's hard to get a different advantage online, it's unique and only off-line traffic channels.
1.3 The dynamic and outlook for the growth of the consumer goods industry, while the consumption-type investment ratio has increased significantly in 19 years, partly as a result of the rescue of Internet-type downside companies in 19 years, is more so when we see the emergence of new consumer brands and the transformation of older brands.
The underlying logic behind the long-term growth of the consumer category is that, along the demographic transition, consumer demand for the new consumer brand will gradually shift to the second generation. Behind the emergence of the new consumer brand is the change in consumer demand, which comes from changes in consumer structure. And we judge that change.
The impact on the new consumer brand will be long-term and sustainable, and the precise middle-class coverage of the ladder is a necessary route to new economic brands, which are expected to continue to benefit from the long-term shift in consumption.
New consumer brands show good performance in drinking, makeup, convenience foods, and footwear. According to industry, new consumer brands are found to be prominent in the huge industries of drinking, makeup, convenience foods, and footwear, according to industry data, in the year 2020, with the value of new consumer brands on the top 100 list.
These include the rejuvenation of older brands such as Li Ning, Taipingbird, and Peacock, and the emergence of new brands such as tea and perfect journals. And at the data level, we can see that the number of new products from Skycats continued to grow at a rapid rate from 2016 to 2020, and by 2020, the number of new items had exceeded 200 million, with over 35% of the new products being delivered.
On average, the ratio is 1.3 times that of the big plate. And in 2020, the number of 16 new brands, represented by perfect journals, pineapple, three and a half meals, little Audine, colorkey, cloud whales, and so on, broke out by billion, and 360 new brands took down by industry.
Figure 27 shows a rapid increase in the consumption of new products from Skycat in 2020, which is the central driving force behind the big deal.
In the food, beverages, makeup, and nursing industries, the largest number of companies have received nearly a billion in financing. According to the data on herds, in 2020, the amount of financing was disclosed for footwear, makeup, food and health products. In the top three sectors, $6.66 billion, $4.81 billion and $4.80 billion, respectively; in the consumption sector, food was disclosed in financing events.
At the same time, according to the new consumer brand for 2020, as revealed by the new consumer daily newspaper, our statistical analysis shows that companies with more than a billion dollars in financing are concentrated mainly in food, beverages, makeup, and a nursing industry.
Figure 29, 2020, shows that the amount of financing is mainly concentrated in apparel. Figure 30, 2020, shows that the financing activity is mainly concentrated in the food and footwear, cosmetics, food and health products industries (in billions of yuan).
New consumer brands are emerging in the health-care, cosmetics, and footwear industries (units: pieces), and they appear to be products that change demand and consumer structures. In the face of our new consumer brands, we have sorted out and analysed the rise of consumption in the United States and Japan.
The main reasons for the rise of consumption in the United States in the 1980s were found to be three main factors: macroeconomic growth, with consumption becoming a new dynamic for economic growth; a well-developed social security system, with a declining rate of personal savings; and a “baby boom,” with a generation growing into a major consumer force. At the same time, the main context for the rise of consumption in Japan in the 1980s was the following:
Japan is also facing economic growth and the rise of the consumer and technology industries; then the labour force is the largest, with the older population rising and becoming the main consumer group; and finally, the rise in the cost of financial assets and real estate owned by the residents raises consumption capacity and strengthens consumption willingness. Although the rise in consumption in the United States and Japan represents a large consumption group.
The environment is different from the eruption of our new consumer brand in the area of segmentation, but the main logic that we can extract from it is that there are new consumer groups at the demand side, and that they have a certain capacity to consume, and are dominant in the consumption of society as a whole. At the same time, we look at the more representative lines of the new consumer brand.
Trade brands, summing up three features: a new consumer brand class with a sharp breakdown, such as the “single economy” where a person eats from high pots, and a steel-free design for internal and external lingerie; a high packaging of products, such as solar packaging in the gas forest, a three-and-a-half-ton simple barrel packaging, etc.; and a product-seeking price ratio, such as a perfect diary's colored product.
Consistency with high-end products, but low-value positioning. These characteristics are, in the sense of the above, changes in the consumer product or form, or product class, or price positioning, but in substance respond to consumer demand.
The demographic structure has gone through the "baby tides x the millennium generation" process, and the demographic structure is now shifting to a period of z generation, where the global population of z generation is nearly 1.85 billion, or 24%. Meanwhile, according to a market study by Bloomberg Business Weekly, 95 and 00 were the largest consumer groups in the world by 2030, in the middle.
The national consumer market is particularly evident. According to the penguin think tank, our population of the z generation is about 260 million, and our population of the z generation is about 3.4% of the global population, while the ratio of the z generation to the 1.4 billion is about 18.6%.
At the same time, according to the questmobile data, users of the z generation have a greater sense of consumption and consumption than users of the Internet, and consumption capacity on the z generation is more than 200 dollars.
This compares with 74.5%, which is higher than 61.5% of Internet users; 82.3% of consumers (middle- and upper-level) on the z generation line, which is more than 10% higher than Internet users.
Questmobile data show that, as of November 2020, among the entire audience of the make-up brands, Questmobile is a major user group.
The proportion of users of the second generation is as high as 44.4 per cent, for example, the branding of "top2" brands, which account for 44.2 per cent of the recipients of the national brand, and 66.4 per cent of the recipients of the perfect diary.
Questmobile data indicate that, as of November 2020, nearly half of the users of the milk tea beverages micro-credit program were X-age users.
Chart 38z generations of users are the dominant group of users of make-up brands.
As of November 2020, the most important quality >prices > brands were observed for questmobile users, with 75.5% and 75.5%, respectively.
Seventy-seven per cent, 70.7 per cent, and compared to Internet-wide users, X-generational users are very concerned with consumption experiences and are more focused on X-ray users. At the same time, according to the Ere advisory data, more than one user is popular with X-generation users, followed by mushroom streets and free fish, and it can be seen that the X-generation users are more cost-effective than sex.
Figure 40 places more emphasis on pursuing value for money and consumption than on brands.
We believe that, with the size of the consumption of the z generation, our consumer market will enter an iterative cycle. Whether new economic brands are emerging or old brands are being upgraded or rejuvenate, the essence of this is consumption. As new economic brands emerge, creating brand awareness in the consumer’s mind will be the path to enterprise development, while underline advertising is new.
The solar consumer-type ads launched by Jiang Nanchun on Xin Yui Weibo show that companies are growing their consumer customers every day, and the number of consumer-like brands are increasing. These include new economic brands of black horses, such as Xiaomei stew, perfect diary, Hanxiko, and traditional old brands, such as Seaclaw House, crane milk powder, etc., for rejuvenation.
1.3.2 Outlook: With positive feedback effects, the launch platform will show a stronger profile The selection of the channel for the placement by the advertiser is consistent with the positive feedback mechanism. Whatever the effect of the placement is, it will eventually be reflected in the owner's collection. So, for the channel for the delivery of the good results, the advertiser will continue to do so;
In the case of low-impact channels, advertisers will re-select the launch platform, which is consistent with the business model. The number of customers of consumer goods per day continued to grow in 2018-2020, with the food and beverages industry taking the lead. By combing the ads of the solar consumer on the Xin Yui Bo in the spring of 2018-2020, we found that since 2018, the public has been in a position to do so.
There has been a steady increase in the number of consumer goods advertising, with 20, 37, and 73 consumer goods advertising in 2018-2020. Food beverages account for the highest proportion of customers, accounting for nearly 50%, and food beverages-related beverages for 12, 23, and 34 respectively, in 2018-2020.
In our view, the selection of advertising channels by advertisers is consistent with the positive feedback mechanism, and, under its role, the launch platform will be more powerful. And, given the growing number of consumer-type customers per day in the distributed media, we can see that many of the company’s brand-initiated cases are becoming more attractive to the company’s customers.
At the same time, new consumer brands continue to appear in the context of consumption overlaps, and old consumer brands are also producing new and rejuvenating new products, with the expectation that the crowd will continue to benefit.2 From the structure of the product, cinema media will resume.
2.1 Product structure: 82 per cent of the media in buildings and 18 per cent of the media in cinemas, which account for approximately 82 per cent of the revenue in historical collections, and 18 per cent of the media in cinemas.
As a result of the epidemic, the film market closed from 24 January to 19 July, with a cumulative 178 days. As a result of the closure of the cinema, by 2020h1, the revenue from the company ' s cinema media fell sharply to $150 million, down to 3.1 per cent.
The cinema media revenues in 2016-2019 are expected to recover in the near $2 billion of the cinema ' s media contribution for the period 2016-2019. The cinema ' s media revenues are closely linked to the situation in the cinema, which we believe to be 2021.
According to the data, the market for cinemas recovered by 90% in December 2020. By December 2020, the number of people watching the video market, the number of people watching the film, the number of people watching the show, the number of screenings, the number of tickets and the price of tickets had reached 90% in the same period in 2019.
More than 90% of the country’s film market has recovered in combination. Although there have been repeated signs of the epidemic since winter, we believe that there is no need to worry too much, first of all, that the epidemic has not broken out on a large scale, that there are still very few high-risk areas in the middle, and that the National Development Commission issued it on 27 January.
In the Circular on the Protection of People's Lives, it was also mentioned that “the number of places for performances and entertainment such as regional theatres and theatres at low risk must not exceed 75% of the authorized number”, eliminating the market's concern about the demand side, and we believe that the 2021 Spring period is still guaranteed.
With the high quality of the supply, we are looking at a full recovery of the city’s production and a positive increase from 2019, with the benefit of popular cinema advertising. Figure 46 shows that by December 2020, the country’s film market had recovered more than 90%.
December was 90% of the same time last year.
The number of new films in December is the same as last year's,3 profit projections and investment proposals, and we believe that downstream customers will continue at a time when there is no significant change in firm location advantages, industry patterns of competition, etc.
The firm’s expected operating income from 2020 to 2022 is less than expected; the online education company’s advertising is less than expected; the traditional consumer goods company’s new product and the new economy’s consumer branding are less than expected; the cinema’s recovery is less than expected; and the industry is at risk of recurrent outbreaks;
Increased competition; risk of regulation of the community-based buying industry; content strategy and investment experience of listed companies; independent and objective production of this report using information on legal compliance; data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.