An event: Xinhua Insurance published its mid-2021 report, achieving business income of $132.1 billion, +11.3 per cent, Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh)
The net return to the mother of $10.05 billion, i.e. +28.3 per cent, net profit after deduction of $10.54 billion, and net profit of Wang Qing Dynasty of +28.3 per cent are the result of the overall low demand for insurance in the first half of the year, Xinhua 1h21 Camp
Business income was $132.1 billion, or +11.3 per cent of the year, and the net return on the company’s investments increased by the net profit from the mother, and a significant decline in manpower and capacity from a risk channel. The risk channel, the company’s 1h21 premium revenue, was equal to that of judinning.
The main reason is that the number of people in the company and the capacity to produce have declined considerably, from the fact that the product is not able to meet the needs of its customers, and that the workforce is too old. As the company struggles to make up its workforce, as of 30 June, there were between 16.2% and 44.41 million insurance agents, with a monthly average of qualified manpower.
The gradual implementation of the true "triple" strategy and the increased support for merit-based manpower and teams are expected to slow down the agent’s downward trend. The long-term insurance channel has performed well, with a single ratio of +0.3% and a total premium ratio of +1.3 pptts. The first year of the long-term insurance policy is +28.5%.
The insurance premium fell further - 6.2%, the company continued to exploit its advantage in the silver insurance channel, increasing the sale of high-value products, and the silver insurance netvmargin was expected to rise. The Nbv drop was larger, and the expected returns and operational deviations were lower in relation to thev.
First-year premiums were 17.4 per cent, and NBvmargin was 5.8 ppts to 21.2 per cent (standards return normal, operational deviations contribute 1.3 to 0.3 per cent less than year-end 2020.
The purchase-and-purchase differentials are better off as a boost to investment returns. 1h21 invests $97,93.39 million in assets. \triangleright configurations reduce the investment of unbid claims and bond-type assets.
Sinda Securities Co., Ltd., Ltd. 28.7%. Equity asset allocation decreased slightly by 0.1 ppts and equity + fund share decreased.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing has reduced the investment in bonds and debt and trust programs. The investment proposal is that the company’s manpower has expanded against the city over the past few years and has accumulated a large amount of non-performing manpower.
In the first half of the year, the company increased its efforts to clean up and invest in excellence, and we expect that the number of people and the capacity to produce will be stable. The company’s silver-forward advantage will gradually emerge, with a decline in the share of hand-over products and an increase in the share of hand-for-hand products, which will help the company to improve its future nbvmargin.
Risk factors: less than expected recovery of the agent industry as a result of the epidemic; loss of personnel as a result of slippage under agent capacity; sharp drops in investment returns due to large capital market fluctuations; downside interest rates will narrow fixed interest rate tool spreads and affect accounting profits; 750 mean shifts
Figure 1: Insurance premiums for new policies (millions of dollars) and speed of increase
Figure 4: Number of agents (thousands) and speed of increase
Wang Chen Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance at the University of Duren, United Kingdom, former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, and General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Business, formerly employed in China Xinjiang Investment Portfolio, and Huatuan Securities. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for non-monetary financial research. Judining, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, and worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, joined in April 2020.
Wang Ring, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States, November 2019, Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Center, and studied non-banking finance. Win Shrebang, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Kwangdan, formerly worked in the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., and joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Corporation in May 2021.
Sun Siu, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Arts in Economics, University of Hong Kong, and Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2021 to work in small and medium-sized municipalities, which have no connection, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.