Quarterly review of the 2022 material (002709), April 15, 2022.
Incidents: Quarterly Report 2022 released, operating revenue of $5,149 million was realized in the first quarter of 2022, and net profit from the return of Huang Xuyu 2022q1 increased fourfold in comparison with the previous year.
The firm’s downstream customer demand was strong, with a significant increase in the volume of lithium cell electrolyte products in the first quarter of 2022, driving the company’s performance to a high level. The company’s 2022q1 revenues reached $5,149 million, hugging downstream highs, and the need for lithium cell electrolyte products.
For lithium cell electrolysis fluids and solid materials phosphate, the downstream new energy vehicles and storage industries continue to grow. The demand for lithium batteries has been boosted by continued high global sales of new energy vehicles, and the Division began to sign long-term supply agreements with customers like the Ningde era, lg, etc., in 2021.
In terms of storage capacity, the company’s innovative products have been applied to such storage markets as 5g, iron towers, etc. Production of long-cycle lithium phosphate electrolyte has been achieved. Integrated layouts show cost advantages, and continued expansion raises barriers to competition.
Production capacity of key raw materials for lithium phosphate, including lithium hexafluoride, new lithium salt, additives, iron phosphate and lithium quartz. The supply and demand of lithium hexafluorate continued to rise at a price of 2.6 times the average price of 2022q1 compared to the same period in the previous year, with the company ' s core raw materials increasing as the market for new energy vehicles grew.
The competitive advantage of the cost of self-supply is highlighted. At present, the new materials project, which produces 152,000 tons of lithium electricity annually, the lithium sulfonyl sulfonide project, the 622,000 tons of electrolyte base materials project, the 410,000 tons of lithium battery materials project (phase I), and the 60,000 tons of daily basic materials project (I)
Production expansion is expected to further improve the public sector’s system of industrial chain integration and strengthen the company’s cost-control capabilities. This will highlight competitive advantages and maintain recommended ratings.
Risks of falling product prices; increased risk of market competition; product upgrading or substitution of emerging technology routes; 300 indexes of the rating system's “market index” reference; and I have the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to be available independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.