On June 27, a White Paper on the Global Operation of the Electrolysis and a launch of the new product was launched.
The company has published new non-fluorinated lithium battery glues, nmp replacement solvents, and power cell module encapsulations. In addition, the company has entered into strategic collaborations with the National High School, the Power God Battery, and the Enje shares.
The company’s strategic puzzle at the lithium plate was further enriched, marking a perfect layout of the company’s lithium electric material. The company’s subsequent growth was sufficiently dynamic to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
At the end of the year, capacity reached 206,000 tons, and at the end of the year, capacity is expected to reach 746,000 tons. Given the time it takes to climb the production capacity of the Ninder factory, the projected volume of deliveries in 22 years is about 350,000 tons; at the end of the year, global planning is expected to reach 2,039,000 tons: at the overseas level, companies are planning a total of 213,000 tons in Germany and Belgium.
In the United States, with 200,000 tons of planned capacity, three plants cover all major clients; on the domestic front, a total of 1,626 million tons of planned capacity is currently available, including 96,000 tons in Phoenix, 30,000 tons in Tianjin, 400,000 tons in Luangyang, and Yongshan.
Plant planning capacity of 150,000 tonnes, Ninder planning capacity of 450,000 tonnes (expected to be fully operational in September), Jiangmen planning capacity of 200,000 tonnes (expected to be operational in 2023) and Sichuan zero-carbon plant planning capacity of 300,000 tonnes. Corporate production planning will achieve full coverage of key clients and further reduction in response time.
Short; in addition, the benefits of integration will be further enhanced and efficiency will continue to be reduced. New stickers will be released, and continuous innovation will generate growth dynamics: the launch company will also present the multi-product portfolio.
New products, including four new types of glues, nmp replacement solvents, and power cell envelopes. and e124. Positive glue p124 is used mainly on ncm and lco scenes, t124 is used on lfp scenes, and pvdf can be replaced. Negative glue k112 can replace cmc, and
More intensive and efficient, with 0.7% of the added cmc1.5% added magma stability, institutional investors’ share of the flowa e124 is capable of bonding into more dense integration and fully replacing the cmc+sbr integration at the present time.
The company has entered into a multi-client certification process with capacity of up to 5,000 tons, producing new solvent e100 over the next three to five years, perfect replacement nmp: the company issues a new solvent tactivee 100, with battery performance and glue stability consistent with nmp, which is a perfect match to existing processes.
Traditional solvent nmp has an advantage in safety and cost, e100 has no reproductive toxicity risk; flashpoints are 12°C high and are safer; boiling point is 15°C low, with lower losses; cost advantages are clear. New types of glue and solvents build up new positive and negative solutions to the firm ' s positive and negative extreme bonding solutions and help to move.
New material-driven end-of-end solutions: The company proposes a pack end system solution around four dimensions of light-quantified design, flame retardation, thermal balance, management and structural sealing. With respect to light-quantified and flame-retardant, the company introduces bubbles and low-density elastomers that can minimize weight reduction,
In thermal balance management, companies introduce a high conductivity factor of 1.0-4.0w/(m\cdotk) and a high conductivity factor of 0.5-3.0w/(m\cdotk) for heat insulation and flame retardation.
A number of partners have entered into strategic cooperation agreements: companies have signed strategic cooperation agreements with the Nyangaku, Tianjin and Nje shares to share resources and work together to win.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not made by ... individual clients. The report could not be reproduced or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information was not independently verified.