Global Distribution of Productive Energy, Hydrolysis Lope Transformed Lithium Platforms, 28/06/2022 Research Assistant: Li Kingbo
On June 27, 2022, a White Paper on the global operation of electrolysis fluids and a launch of new products was held at which companies showcased future production planning and new products in the areas of positive and negative polar glues, new solvents, and battery modules.
1. In-depth report (002.009.sz) on the integration of the global distribution of corporate production capacity. The company ' s planned production capacity amounted to 2.0390 million tons: overseas, the company ' s total capacity to build cost barriers, and the growth of new lithium salt.
(a) 41.40 million tons, located in Germany, Belgium and the United States, where the plant can cover essentially the main customer circle;
The performance was as expected, with a deepening of the pipeline integrated layout, a production capacity of 96,000 tons, a production capacity of 150,000 tons for the Yongsan plant, 450,000 tons for the Ningde plant, a production capacity of 200,000 tons for the Jiangmen plant and 300,000 tons for the Sichuan zero-carbon plant.
Plasma glue replacements pvdf:tincivep124. p124 main application scenes ncm and \triangleright are significantly upgraded, p. 124 is glued to lco and ncm applications via both hydrogen keys and van der Waalley.
P124 is similar to pvdf in the nature and stability of the slurry flow, with a 100% replacement of pvdf in high power scenarios.
\triangleright uses polyamide systems that are strong, resistant to high temperature, resistant to corrosion, and provide resilience to assist in lithium ion transmission. \pvdf, \t126 can increase the solid content of lfp from 54% to 63%, thereby reducing nmp
Solvent use, reduced material costs, and t126 decentralization excellent, bonding reliable, electrochemical, negative-polar glue replacement cmc:tincivek112. K112 has a stronger \triangleright than cmc
In terms of density, 0.7% of the addition can achieve cmc1.5% of the slurry stability, increase the efficiency by more than one-fold, and increase the glue of the slurry if the added amount is reduced by 50%. In terms of battery performance, k112 can match cmc.
Negative stickers replace cmc+sbr:intactive 124. e124 will be glued and thickened. e124 will be integrated, where the polar base groups can guarantee stickyness. -cn and -cooli officers can increase ion conductivity and reduce internal resistance. Compared to the traditional cmc+sbr material, e124 can achieve the same bonding and density capacity in electricity.
In terms of pool performance, e124 has a much higher efficiency of first discharge and life cycle. New solvent replacement nmp:tincivee100. The nuclear advantage of e100 is: 1. No risk of reproductive toxicity; 2. Lightning is 12 [circ}c, higher safety; 3. Boiling point is 15[circ}c, c]
Losses are lower; 4. Cost advantages are clear. And e100 has the same battery performance and excellent glue stability as nmp, which matches the existing process perfectly. Battery module components: bubble elastics and low-density elastics.
Bubble elastics and low-density elastics can minimize weight reduction, decomposition, and ensure insulation and flame retardation of the core. Battery module components: high-conducted heat gels and high-conducted heat injection caps. To optimize thermal balance management solutions, \triangleright
The Division introduces high-conducted thermal gels and high-conductive heat injections, with high-conducted thermal gels with a conductivity coefficient of 1.0-4.0w/(m\cdotk), with the advantages of insulation, high compression modelling, excellent insulation, soft stress and good stickyness, with a high-conducted thermal cover heat conductivity coefficient of 0.5-3.0w/(m\cdotk) which can provide a balanced temperature field, flame retardation and high resistance.
Sign a strategic cooperation agreement.
(b) The company ' s high growth logic is clear: the liquid lithium hexafluorate process has a clear cost advantage and a steady increase in the self-supply rate;
(b) Battery recovery operations are steadily moving forward, with lithium carbonate recovery providing feedback on the HFC 6 production line and further upgrading of raw materials.
(b) The development of new products such as glues, new solvents and battery module components, the transformation of lithium platforming enterprises, and the creation of new growth poles.
Lifsi brings new amounts and new products effectively address the pains of the existing material system, the future space is wide, and we draw conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produce the present report independently and objectively, and are responsible for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and research of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.