The distribution rate continued to increase, with the two Yangtze power plants being launched in the 2020 and 2021 quarterly reports with a net profit of 3,162 million yuan. In 2020, Yajiang had accumulated a total of 77,468 million kilowatt-hours of electricity.
In the first quarter of 2021, the hydroelectric capacity of Yagi River fell by 1.91 per cent compared with 1,454 million kWh in the previous quarter;
In 2019, the company acquired 60 per cent of the shares of the company ' s company, which was actively developing small- and medium-sized hydroelectric power plants, by investing in the full-source company Kawakawa, and the company acquired 60 per cent of the shares of the company ' s company, controlling the development of the Silver River hydroelectric power plant, which, for 14 years in a row, had a cash bonus for investors, with the company holding 48 per cent of the joint company Yagi River hydroelectric power on an annual basis.
In 2020, the company paid 0.38 dollars for each share, and now the Yangtze Trench hydroelectric plant is in operation, thereby contributing to an increase in performance at that time. Both the Yagi River two-bain hydroelectric power station and the five downstream power stations have been put into production with a combined installed capacity of 14.7 million kilowatts, and the two midstream estuaries,
In West Side, the Yang House Trench power station is in construction at 28 West Rixie Street, with capacity of 3 million and 1.5 million kW, respectively, and is expected to be operational in 2021, with the first and final crew in 2022, and to be constructed at the lower loft root level, the upper root level, and the second stage of the tooth root.
The 1,000th Heung Seong building on Lujiang Beak Road, Changgu, Mondi Gorge, and the Kara Power Station are scheduled to be launched around 2025, with a total installed capacity of 7.37 million kilowatts, which will contribute to the growth in performance of the corresponding listed companies.
Fukuwa, Fukuda, is a tax-free company that maintains the Sichuan Free Trade Test Zone.
On the 17th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre (CCI) at 177 Junta Road in Cheng City, the “Increased” rating continues.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) does not regard the recipient as a client and not a reader who has no business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.