Internal improvements have been significant, with intergenerational changes taking place in response to qualitative changes.
Industry: Under pressure for new power, companies: the way of innovation works, looking forward: new expectations at the time of the new cycle.
A three-pronged pattern of the domestic telecommunications operating market has emerged □ since the first split of Chinese telecommunications began in 1999, and has been mixed over 20 years, and now has a three-pronged pattern.
Figure 1: The history of the telecommunications operating market in China. The solid migration network has developed at a high rate, the telecommunications business has become an important source of power for gdp □ the overall volume of telecommunications operations has continued to grow at a high rate, and the income growth of telecommunications operations has remained stable and has become an important source of growth for gdp.
□ The share of income from mobile communications has increased, but has generally stabilized, and fixed and mobile communications have been steadily up and up in recent years. Figure 2: Growth of total telecommunications operations
□ On 17 August 2013, the State Council issued the “Broadband China” strategic implementation programme, which deploys the broadband development goals and pathways over the next eight years, making broadband, for the first time, a strategic public infrastructure for the country.
The total number of users amounted to 83.4 per cent, of which 4g had 1,170 million, and the total number of users of broadband access to the Internet had reached 407 million, of which 368 million, or 90.4 per cent, of the total number of users of fixed Internet broadband access.
The number of Internet broadband access ports reached 886 million. Figure 6: Development of users of mobile broadband (3g/4g) Figure 7: Development of Internet broadband access ports
Figure 8: Sustained decline in mobile voice operations (billion minutes) Figure 10: Sustained high growth in mobile Internet traffic
Figure 11: Income inclined towards Internet access and flow operations High investment and income pressures, forcing operators to seek opportunities for network and business re-engineering □ Investments in the telecommunications sector have been high and invested cumulatively over the past decade
Total funding went out of $3 trillion, but business income and the speed of flow were growing. Scissors were developing in an unbalanced way, and the “pay for access” user price system was gradually replaced by “pay for content”, terminals and industries.
Service providers challenge the core of the operator. □ In response to the need for transformation, the operator constantly drives network evolution and innovation, hoping for opportunities for network re-engineering and business re-engineering rather than
China Connect, China Telecom, Southwest Securities Collapse 5g cycle operators welcome re-engineering opportunities.
□ 5g, under the pressure of a gradual reduction of the 2c dividend, operators are actively exploring new opportunities presented by 5g. 1) Using technologies such as web slices, margin computing and other vertical areas such as deep-farming vehicle connectivity, smart manufacturing, which will result in more 2b client collaboration and income growth; 2) client orientation, which can generate multiple dimensions to be measured based on client needs and network values, highlighting the full range of network values;
3) Building on the 5g network, building open platforms to provide developers with the capacity to network, to act as incubators and creators of applications, and to go further along the value chain.
ict-enabling supermarket ict-enabling base lease rate realization: above velocity guarantee.
Slices are services, live webcasts, time delay: based on time delay.
Single-to-multiple changes Slice realization: needs-to-slice, dynamic, business model
Pipeinthe pipe, sports, concerts, concerts, etc.
Future secure link realization: based on number of links
At&t+directv+timewarner at&t+directv, wearable, smart family terminal, etc.
Large video traffic realization: to promote the spread of large-flow operations and to promote dou release, vr, 8k video, video surveillance
Software and hardware resolution (ct cloud) Empirical realization: ar commercial shopping applications Web slices
Industry: the need for new power under pressure.
Looking forward: new expectations for the new cycle, profit projections, valuations and investment proposals, dedicated 25-year-olds, building modern network communications to the world.
□ China Connect has a full-time telecommunication service and, through continuous improvement of its overall operational capability, has built a modern network of communications that covers the whole country and the world, with a basis for greater market development.
3g advantage, unfortunately missing 4g dividend, 5g reenactment 5g: reshaping opportunity 2g/3g: laying the foundation 2g, turning 3g
4g: Forward loss, late start, building the world's largest cdma network in 2002 and becoming the only Chinese connection in the country with a licence to operate fdd-lte/tdd-lte, but by
A full-scale 5g application, seeking built-in change, lags behind the initial overall 4g network, regrets missing the mobile Internet red power, and the mec business model is beginning to work.
In Hong Kong, New York and Shanghai, telecommunications operators were listed.
Late in the year, China's connectivity focused on 4g values and introduced strategic investors, holding the Internet, returning to positive growth with a net return profit from 2016, becoming the world's largest wcdma network, with a rapid increase in performance.
Annual growth of 150 million yuan to 4.08 billion yuan in 2018. Introduction of strategic investors with synergies and leading advantages, opening up a new business model, figure 19: China ' s pre- and post-mixing equity structure
□ Actively introduce strategic investments to reduce the proportion of State-owned equity, and to improve the structure of equity of companies with mixed shares, enterprise systems and corporate governance mechanisms.
Introduce high-connectivity, complementarities and strong war ventures with China through, inter alia, non-public distribution and old-stock transfers Strategic investors subscribe to some 9 billion new shares from Connecta Holdings and connect to them
• The acquisition of 1.90 billion shares of shares of Connecteda stock, which together account for an expansion □ complementary to strategic investors' strengths, innovative cooperation and benefit generation • the proposed award of about 850 million restricted shares to core staff at a price in the United States
Community, Catalysing Priority Business and Industrial Chains through Resource Integration Figure 20: Merging into Strategic Investors Figure 21: Innovative Cooperation with Strategic Investors
More interfaces with the large number of companies, local and private, that they invest in, share opportunities for business cooperation and promote cooperation for win-win outcomes.
Deepen the implementation of physical reform innovations, working to increase dynamism and efficiency, normal body size, deeper transformation.
• A one-third reduction in the number of headquarters departments and provincial branch agencies • differentiated pay decision-making mechanisms linked to efficiency and effectiveness • Māori validation and incremental benefit-sharing
Reduction by one quarter, average exit rate for middle-level managers • better to achieve the ability to move up and down, to move in and out • to achieve consistency of accountability, and to improve the support of triangular operations
• The limits for awarding companies to approximately 8,000 managerial cadres and core talent • 21,000 small units and 20,000 small ceos throughout the country • to increase labour productivity and reduce the need for outsourced personnel
807 million shares • encouraging the movement of people from the Department to smaller units, from the basic domain to the area of innovation and the continuous optimization of the personnel structure
Restricted stock incentives to bind core interests and boost employee confidence □ issued in August 2017 by the company on the first award date of 21 March 2018, amounting to 794 million shares and number of 7752 awards (including senior management in the company and core managerial and professional personnel who have a direct impact on the company ' s business performance and continued development), which shows that
The firm’s confidence in its own development, under the pressure of the overall market, and the confidence of its core workforce, has given impetus to robust growth. Figure 22: China’s access to restrictive stock incentives. Yunnan Connect’s full-blown operation, a milestone in connecting to the road to change.
Three enterprises (including conglomerates) were eventually identified as having “deep background” in their selection.
I'm involved in the pilot of a mix-up project in the pre-Yunan connection: Hmong Photovoltaics, Hmong Fashion Balls, Convergence Epidemics.
China Teletech Inc. and China Connect have long-standing business contacts: Assam, Dr. Peng, Ningboa Jin Technology Co. Ltd., and Dr. Peng Telecommunications Media Group Inc.
Financial change: income continues to grow, profits show a marked v-turn, operating income shows a cyclical and steady increase, and a significant reversal of net profits later on in 4g, with a blending opportunity.
Figure 23: Total operating income of China Connect 2009-2018 Financial change: cost-end effectively controlled Network operation and support costs
Decline in the ratio of tweaking: Increases in the cost of the towers 2014-2016 Decline in absolute and percentage terms from year to year, mainly due to positive corporate push Declines in absolute and percentage terms from year to year: mainly due to capital openings in recent years
Incentives are reformed year by year to strengthen the link between incentives and performance, while at the same time increasing figure 27: Depreciation and amortization of China ' s Connectivity 2014-2018
Figure 28: China Connect Network Operations and Support Costs 2014-2018 Figure 29: China Connect Manual Costs 2014-2018
Figure 30: China Connected Terminal Subsidy Costs 2014-2018 Sales costs: Mandatory increases in marketing Inputs to respond to intense market competition
Management costs: Increased costs of related services due mainly to the rapid growth of the ict operation and increased exposure to innovative operations
Technology-supported inputs Financial costs: sustained decline in debt and high interest costs due to interest-bearing companies
Financial change: capital strength has increased considerably as a result of the injection of blended funds, China's Telecommunications Tower and the sustained growth of the financial contribution of the Union
China Towers: Thanks to the continuous expansion of networks and value-sharing by operators
China Connect: In 2018, the investment proceeds of the company ' s rights and interests in the Teta company law were recorded by the people
The overall level of corporate development is generally positive and horizontal: China has a higher asset-liability rate and a lower profit rate, mainly because of financial costs, depreciation amortization, network operating and support costs, and employee salaries □ and vertically: after a mix of 2017, the innovative business model has significantly improved asset-liability levels and profitability.
Table 1: Breakdown by three major operators (Report as of 2018) Table 2: Discreet by China Connectroe 2014-2018 Industry: Need for New Dynamics Under Pressure
Corporate: The way to innovation shows results Outlook: new expectations at the time of the new cycle Profit forecasting, valuation and investment proposals
Environment: The downward adjustment of the cost of capital requires a narrow cut, with sustained high growth in flows leading to a steady increase in revenues □ as mentioned in the government report 2018, the average cost of broadband for small and medium-sized enterprises was reduced by 15 per cent this year, and the average cost of mobile network flows was reduced by more than 20 per cent.
Thanks to high-flow operations such as video and live broadcasts, mobile data flows have increased at a rate of over 100 per cent in recent years, leading to a steady increase in income from mobile networks.
Figure 28: Growth of mobile data traffic over time (%) Environment: full roll-out of the portable network ahead of schedule, company worth looking forward to the report of the Government's report of 2019, which recommended “enhancement of the `port-net' throughout the country”, and the Ministry of Information and Communications subsequently indicated that all mobile phone users would be able to move the free-port network by the end of the year, compared
One year ahead of schedule, China’s connectivity will be expected to benefit fully from its capital advantages and innovative operations. □ China Connect announced a bid for 416,000 base stations in early 2019, helping to improve China’s connectivity coverage at low-frequency levels, achieving deep coverage of the 4g network, and laying the foundation for the Ministry’s 5g network.
Table 3: Comparison of typical packages of three major operators Mode: The Yunnan model has worked well and has served as a model for the transformation of the country . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Introduction of socialized capital to speed up 4g network building Network asset e-dealing, network sourcing, network surrogate, full-time agent commissioning private operating companies based on profit
Incentives for staff, speed up business development, conversion of former associates, transfer of over 90 per cent to private operators, more sophisticated cost management and improved operational efficiency.
Core employee holdings to ensure that staff and business interests are consistent
The first seven local network reforms in Yunnan Province have been very effective and are currently under way to reform the province as a result of the signing of the Integrated Reform Cooperation Agreement with Operation Two hundred, Jiangsuchen Photovoltaics Co. Ltd., Ningbo
Yajin Electronics and Technology, Inc., and Beijing China Power and Power, Inc. introduced construction funds in 2018.
Reform of the cooperation agreement, official launch of Yunnan United Global Service 7,400 new 4g base stations, higher than industry average of 13.2 pp
The apparent collaboration in unit construction costs marks the beginning of the implementation phase of China's merger with provincial companies.
Networks: Actively promoting the 5g scale experiment, open cooperation to accelerate industrial deployment, and China Associated has published a new 5g brand logo, “5gn” and the theme slogan, “Making the future grow.” The spirit and attitude of connecting 5g to science, technology and innovation, the enabling industry, and the endless experience of users are fully explained. The logo will be fully applied to 5g operations, products and services, creating and upgrading the new 5g brand image.
Seven cities have officially launched a 5g pilot network. The “7+33+n” 5g network deployment plan provides partners with a broader test scenario to promote 5g applications incubation and industrial upgrading by covering seven urban areas, namely Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Nanjing, Hangzhou, and Yuan.
Networks: The emergence of three major applications in the 5g era, using web-slice in the vertical field □ is an opportunity for operators to regenerate. Future operators will vigorously develop new value-added services of high value, such as smart households, smart manufacturing, autopilots, etc., and high-value operations will enable operators to return to finance as quickly as possible to achieve sustainable development.
□5g gives operators the opportunity to digitize and hopefully become integrated business providers and ‘pipes plus platforms + content’ operators. By slicing the web, operators can build dedicated, virtual, isolated logical networks on a common physical platform that maximizes the ability to adapt the network to the external environment, client needs, business scenes, and the efficiency of the use of network resources.
Networks: China Associated Leader Mec Edge Calculating Area, Full Enabling 5g Application Figure 35:5g Network Movement Edge Calculating Structure □Mec as a key technology that evolves as 5g and can provide it on the edge of a mobile network closer to its client
Service environment and cloud computing service capacity to localize operator operations, thereby reducing the occupancy of core networks and backbone transmission networks and increasing network data-processing efficiency. □mec technology will facilitate the integration of cloud computing platforms with mobile networks and will be a digitized transformation of operators
A sharp instrument, which is expected to assist operators in transforming their platforms from connections to information services. □ Telecom operators are at the core of the peripheral smart industry chain, which can be rolled out in collaboration with enterprises up and down the industry chain, using telecommunications-level capabilities and edge smart platform interfaces. □ Telecommunications operators are at the heart of the peripheral smart industry chain, depending on the different scenarios,
Car networking, smart cities, video surveillance, smart industry, etc.
Launch of the China Connect Cube-"Smart Driver" and "cludvr" marginal cloud commercial acceleration plan
Innovative business such as the edge 2.0 and industry practice white paper 6c functional features:
● Accelerating resource for building smart edgerometers and isomers close-to-user
• Cloudification for Unilever, Gilly and Double Nuclear Light Quantification
Create "me-laas edge-dege-clud"
• Open and agile me-Cloud Special Outreach Group “Smart Driving” programme
*conection (full-scale web-based and flexible-intelligence meao)
The display is based on 5gmec platforms, machine rooms, channels
Cloudvr Industries (Collaborative capacity)
• Activate the mec edge cloud • computing (for large vertical industries)
Capability Innovative Operations: The "m+1+n" cloud system is a major driver of performance growth, and China has a "m+1+n" cloud data centre system, with 300 plus data centres covering the entire country, with more than 320,000 hangars of service capacity, connecting Voyun down and down.
The network is integrated, horizontally, with Aliun, tungsten clouds, hundreds of clouds, etc., and is integrated with clouds, so that any node can gain a consistent and good sense of user access, creating a system of safe, credible, flexible, flexible, flexible cloud computing products, and a huge marketing network with 60,000 front office promoters throughout the country. □ China Connect is implementing a two-way development model of operations and capital in cloud computing, i.e., establishing joint ventures at the capital level, with companies like Batj, to showcase a particular scene.
Cooperation has also been developed through cooperation with other sector system operators to develop their own cloud computing operations. Figure 38: Distribution of China's Connected Data Centre Innovative Operations: Implementation of the “Protective Networking Platform Plus” strategy to build the entire eco-industry
Figure 41: Three major operator networking developments in 2018. Connectivity networking is positioned as a global leader network service provider, with the following strategies: 1) pipeline linkages; 2) enabling service expansion; 3) end-of-life traction; 4) integration of industrial resources.
□ In 2018, several hundred million users of China's Connectivity Networks reached their mark, combining arpu with higher levels of income relative to mobile and telecommunications. □ At the 2018 World Product Network Congress, China connected to 500 enterprises on the “2018wiotrl list”
Figure 42: China Connectivity Networking Structures Table 5: World Product Networking Lists (2018) Industry: New Dynamics Under Pressure
Corporate: The way to innovation shows results Outlook: new expectations at the time of the new cycle Profit forecasting, valuation and investment proposals
□ Core assumptions are based on the size of the user, the cost, the level of the industry, the capital expenditure, etc. Table 6: China’s key connectivity assumptions began to grow steadily in 2019 after the growth rate of mobile operations declined with the opening of open-ended flow packages.
As a result of the pull-up of cloud computing, idc, big data, etc., there will be a better growth in netting operations. Table 7: China Connected Income Cost Split and Projected Valuation: Compared to historical valuation levels, China Connect still has room for improvement
□ Compared to other operators: China Connect has the highest pe valuation, pb is slightly lower than China had moved □ compared to its own historical valuation: China Connect has significantly increased its valuation in the 3g and 4g periods and is currently at the bottom of the historical valuation, with still room for improvement. Table: Comparable company relative valuation
Figure: China Connect history pb-band chart: China Connect history pb-band □ China United as a flag for change in State enterprises, showing a more profound change in terms of strategy, business model and endogenous performance, as companies move forward
With the power of □ 5g, operators can take advantage of transformative technologies to deepen their vertical fields, build open platforms, be the incubators and creators of applications, and move further along the value chain, in addition to acquiring incremental customers.
□ mixed or unexpected integration □ 5g investment costs and application landing rhythms or mismatches □ increased competition in the operator market
The South-West Securities Corporation Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) holds the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board. To the extent that the company and the author know it, there is no conflict of interest between the securities evaluated or recommended in this report that requires disclosure or the adoption of restrictive or silent measures.