Intelligent product acceleration, higher performance expectations in 2020, strong demand for smart network products and higher performance expectations for enabling companies throughout the year.
The company announced its 2020 performance forecast, with a projected net return profit of $500-500 million for the year 2020, a rapid increase in the same ratio and the new power of car-making, and strong demand for the company ' s smart network products, driving a significant recovery in overall performance.
Since 2020, the company’s intelligent products have accelerated production, helping to upgrade the entire car factory. For example, in April, the company’s smart-driving domain controller first produced and helped Little Pap7 land at the level of 122+ auto-driving; in May, the company helped to boost the network of cars for the first time by a popular Djeda brand; and in August, the company was able to upgrade its network.
Launch of a new car, Gillisonicc, for which the company integrates all automatic parking systems, 540° body vision, and other products; in September, the company took the lead in the production of a smart-barrel control on Xuehu 8plus; and in December, the company's first c-v2x technology landed, which helped to achieve a red light alert svw,
Road hazard alerts hlw and other car-related functions. As can be seen, companies are fully benefiting from the wave of intelligent change in the automobile industry, and, in the light of the rapid growth of new power in car-making and the accelerated intellectual upgrading of traditional whole-of-car factories, products such as t-box, domain controllers, etc. are expected to sustain high demand.
• Continued high R & D investment in reserve production, which injects growth dynamics into the company’s continued development, has accumulated R & D costs of over $2 billion since the smart transformation in 2016. The L4 level passenger parking function built on the ongoing high-water platform is expected to be produced in 2021; the subsidiary attb is new.
The center has also been set up in 2020 to focus on future automobile smart antenna technology, with full-scale deployment of 5gv2x. Currently, some of the company’s pre-research and development inputs are beginning to reap returns, and it is expected that future growth will be injected into the company’s development as the relevant stocks continue to fall.
Small and Medium Disk Information Update - Successive High Performance, Area Control Next City - 2020.10.27 Small and Medium Disk Information Update - Full Three Product Lines
Breaking through, driving counter-performance growth, Small and Medium Disk Information Update - Software Defines a New Car Age, Domain Control Card Value Highlights