The company issued a performance forecast for 2020: in 2020, there was a steady increase in the performance of the company ' s smart cabins, smart drivers and network services product lines, successive customers, new products and volumes, and an increase in business income;
At the same time, the company continues to drive profit-making, cost-efficiency and research and development efficiency, and is expected to return to a net profit-based smart cabin: new project orders are on the rise, and in August 2020, Desaiway took the lead globally in achieving a new generation of smart class packages based on vanity.
Designing a software architecture to achieve a Doecu integration, with multiple screen integration and processing technologies on the ground. Currently, the company has a lot of smart seating products that have been produced in the ideal car, the Chang-An and Chi-Ri cars, and has obtained new project orders for a wide-air group, the Wall, the Chang-An, the Chi-Ri and the Sky.
Displays that the module and system operations have acquired a single gas-popular, upper-gas-popular, Gilly-car, wide-air passenger vehicle, one-year-old lowest/highest: new project orders for the general-air Mitsubishi, etc. car factory, volume scale and order scale up gradually.
The table has obtained new project orders from a large number of factories, including Biadi, Volkswagen, Gilly, Walle and Chirry. New product orders from the line of operations continue to be put in place, and business development is improving.
Automobile sales are over 50%, level I4 cars are on the market, and C-v2x terminals are equipped with 50% of new vehicles.
The agreement will provide the ideal L4-level autopilot programme; in December, the company’s first c-v2x technology was produced in Bekkl8avenir Ivia. Currently, the company’s autonomous development of the integrated all-self-movement parking system, the 360-degree high clairvoy system, the driver’s behaviour monitoring and identification system, 24g
• Investment proposal: watch for the development of domestic smart network taps and move up to a “very recommended” rating.
The company has a well-developed product structure in the area of smart network cars, with deep technological and experience, which combines "The Basics of Business, Opening New Growth Spaces " 2020-01-13.
Consumer Upgradation, Substitution of National Production and Globalization 3-Step Drive, Automotive E-Range Towards a New Phase