Corporate performance forecast: net return profit of $50 million ~ $520 million for the year 2020, compared to $292 million in the previous year, equal to +71.15 per cent ~ 77.99 per cent.
▪ New client outreach + product roll-out, q4 performance over-expected long, over-expected (three-quarterly reports assess our projected performance of q4 at $136 million) and q4 after-performance increases if the investment returns from Japan's ficha are excluded.
There has been a steady increase in the performance of cabins, smart drivers and web-based service lines, with new customers, new products successively landed and produced; at the same time, companies have continued to promote profit-making, cost optimization and improved R & D effectiveness. Full automated parking systems, 5g-v2x products were identified as joint venture branding projects in 2020; and network connectivity
In September 2020, Chi Ri 8pus took the first auto-researched cabin controller in Desaiway for the first time at the Beijing Car Fair. The program supports a two-inch 12.3-inch super-intelligence screen interactive, based on a dual operating system rack.
The company's client structure has been continuously upgraded and expanded, and in recent years it has succeeded in breaking through totota, Chang Anfort, Lexus, daf, etc.
New clients, and new project orders for cars such as Volkswagen, Volkswagen Mass, Toyota, Jili Motors, and Bulk Motors.
Area controller step-by-step: In April 2020, the first paragraph in Desai was based on British Weidelxavierl 3 level automatic 1, Desaicway (002920); the driver's product ipu03 was produced on a pap7 package; in September, Desai, Yin Weidel,
A non-recurrent gain or loss, q3 performance, a tripartite partnership based on the orin chip, the next generation of cars with the British darin chip launched in January 2021.
The high-level intelligent driving industry will accelerate its landing, grow brightly, and continue to focus on hardware ahead. The next generation of new cars, represented by an Ete7 will be achieved by around 2022.
Initiation 2020-08-14 Autopilots at point 1-4 level, with a significant reduction in the time of landing of high-level smart drivers, will be 3 in the next 3 years, " De Cessive " (002920): Software
It's a time of a global race for hardware equipment for car companies, like the Miphone age, with a high hardware parameter configuration on board, and more functional software on board later to achieve a better user experience. The definition of a car is worth looking at in the long term.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: national production replacement + one-core multiscreen upgrade, smart cabin capacity fully priced and ready to rise; car networking platform actively promoted when the adas functional product was released; autopilot control platform built on a British chip, with industry giants moving in and opening up the long-term growth void.
With high growth, Desai is expected to enjoy a higher valuation premium and maintain a “buy-in” rating.