Dexahway's year-round profits are growing at a high rate, embracing the big trend of intelligent networking.
Smart drivers have grown rapidly in recent years, and according to the China Investment Advisory Network report, market size is expected to reach 1125 in 2019, driving the “two-wheel drive” of 1.2 further spread, and the trend towards a “three-wheel-drive” upgrade is more certain. For 12, the policy is clear for 2020.
The company’s products, which cover smart cabins, autopilots, have been supplied to a large number of models of multiple core clients: in April 2020, the unit compared with depth of 300.
The company's 193-level autopilot domain controller product - ipu03 official volume product, accompanied by a p7 model for the supply of pelicans, and actively promoted to a wider audience; its shareholding firm, ficha, which is engaged in technology related to the car-borne smart driving auxiliary systems, was listed on 24 June 2020 to boost the company's operating profits; and in August 2020, the company was equipped with a new car for Gilligo.c
A visual integration of all automatic parking systems, 540° body visual images, etc.; in September 2020, the company took the lead in the production of smart space controllers on Swe Tiger 8plus, while the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the ideal vehicle, British Weida, and the company conducted an autonomous study of the class I4 autopilot control based on the powerful algorithms provided by the Nvidiaorin level chip.
It is intended to be carried on the full-scale booster smart suv that was launched in the ideal car in 2022. As a leader in intelligent driving, the company has a forward-looking layout in intelligent driving, working with car companies to continuously upgrade, and as intelligent driving penetration continues to increase, the company’s main operations will benefit significantly, with wide scope for growth.
With the accelerated penetration of car-connected products and the future growth of companies driven by China’s connectivity data, it is expected that the global market of v2x will break over $650 billion in 2020, that China’s v2x users will exceed 24%, that the number of car-connected will reach 69.6 million, and that the vehicle network will be the next stop of the new revolution in the automobile industry.
In the area of networking, in 2019, the company acquired such projects as a motor-bang platform, ota, web-based software system for clients such as the general public, the Chang Anmazida, Chirete Leopards, etc.; in May 2020, the company ' s first vehicle-car-car-car-capable combined-car-mazdacx-30 was officially listed; and in December 2020, the company ' s first c-v2x technology landed and assisted.
In the future, companies will continue to improve the ladders and matrices of car-networked products, increase market outreach and open up new growth points in corporate performance.
The company is an electronic leader in domestic automobiles, and has for many years continued to invest in new technology and product research and development, with high-quality product structures and client groups.
The company’s main business is expected to benefit significantly from a continuous increase in the penetration rate of the network. The expected 2020-1 launch of the Car Smart Network: Car Smart Networking, with trillion market positions, is expected to rise. 111x/82x64x, referring to three comparable companies in the field of smart driving, the Sino-Tunda, the Four-Vitunung and the Huayang Group.
In 2020, the average pere was 174 times higher, covering the first time, giving the company a “recommended” rating.
Bachelor of Science, Shanghai University of Transport, Shanghai Advanced School of Finance. Fu Jin Fei, Chief of Communications, Shanghai University of Transport, Master of Engineering, Deep Farmer Communications for 12 years, former Uyghur Technical Co. Ltd., Wireless Communication Engineer, Wireless Solutions Marketing Manager, Cloud Calculating Solutions Senior Outreach Manager, 2020
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.