Profit performance was robust and asset quality was good — the booming bank's performance was quickly evaluated — the company's net return profit grew by 8.66 per cent in 2019 compared to the previous three quarters (8.52 per cent).
Long 14.55 per cent (19.18 per cent increase in the first three quarters). Annually weighted roe 14.02 per cent (high profit growth in the first three quarters and improvement in asset quality are generally stable and consistent with market expectations throughout the year and the first three quarters. q4 performance highlights are in the provision.
The quality of the assets has continued to improve, with the negative rate declining to 1.54 per cent and a reduction of 1 bp from q3. We measured a small increase in the provision coverage and a steady rate of non-performing loan generation. The major credit risk has been released early in 2019q2, so the write-off pressure on non-performing loans at year-end is low and the asset quality is robust.
The Unit, in contrast to the 300-degree trend, has had the effect of last-year base effects on the one hand, and we believe that it was a modest reduction in asset growth in the context of better performance, resulting in a certain level of profit smoothing, because the growth in the quarter of the first three quarters of 2019 had already taken place.
Having gained new heights, there is enough spare capacity to adjust the profit-rate build-up to continue in 2020. Our q4 net interest gap ring has increased, profitability has increased, and the co-occupational debt pricing has been assumed to ease the cost of indebtedness once again.
Roa has entered the long-term upswing route, and the financial subsidiary has been allowed to open \triangleright 2019q1 short-strength profit growth has led to greater seasonal fluctuations in the data, and we're using the ttm caliber.
In order to increase endogenous capital supplementation, we expect profits to rise again after a period of decline. More success will be achieved this year in non-interest operations.
We look forward to the deepening of the corporate model of comptoir + investment. The first step is to solve the asset quality burden, and the company will be light-loaded into the fast track. We expect the net return profit to be in charge of banking, non-banking, and non-banking, respectively, at the same rate of increase in 2020-2021.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.