Three-quarterly high profit growth in three quarters The recent release of the three-quarter report for 2017: 2.027 billion yuan in operating income for companies in September, an increase of 109.51 per cent in comparison; 276 million yuan in net profit for shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 572.79 per cent in comparison; and
The effect of scale has led to a significant increase in profitability in three quarters of the year, with companies earning $557 million, 803 million and 668 million in the first three quarters of 2017, respectively.
The competitiveness of the products has been constantly improving, with a significant increase in the sales of company products, with revenues from the excavator tank products increasing by 129 per cent and from the non-scaling tank products increasing by 97 per cent. 2 subsidiary hydraulics, Shanghai New and casting companies have suffered significant losses. 3 Thanks to economies of scale and product structure optimization, operating costs have increased by less than 90 per cent.
The growth in sales revenue has resulted in a 12 percentage point increase in the combined Māori ratio of products over the same period last year.4 Firms have strengthened their internal management, sales and management rates have decreased by 7.36 percentage points compared to the same period last year.
The company has been investing in the development of hydraulic valves for many years, sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-teams to achieve production, and in the sale of hydraulic systems in areas such as orbital transport, where the corresponding increase in hydraulic technology revenue has been 360.14% higher. As sales have grown, the losses in hydraulic technology have shrunk significantly, close to the profit/loss balance point.
The year will make a positive contribution to the company’s profits. Thirdly, profit forecasting and investment suggest that we look forward to the sustainability of the company’s tank business, the growth of pump valve products and the expansion of overseas markets.
Maintenance of the “highly recommended” rating.
The recovery in engineering machinery lasted less than expected, the opening of overseas markets was less than expected, and the opening of new pump valves was hampered.
3. Semi-annual performance rating for long-term hydraulic pressure (601,100): over-expected performance recovery, strong growth of tank pump valves 4. Stereo hydraulic pressure (601,100) annual report and one-quarter report
(b) A strong recovery of the special tank for excavators and a performance repair bullet;
Liu Zhenyu, head of the large machinery team, undergraduate and master's degree in material science at Beijing University of Technology. He was the manager of China's China Metallurgical Control, and the Beijing City Planning Committee planned to take over, and joined the civil securities in 2015. He has solid theoretical foundations and research experience in areas such as automation, 3d printing, engineering machinery, and basic materials.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,