The elasticity of the tank operations, the rapid release of the pump valve operations, the continued over-expected sales of the beneficiary excavators, and the elasticity of the tank operations: 2017h1 cylinders
Operating income accounts for about 80% of total revenue, of which excavators account for about 45% of total revenue. Thus, 217h1 cumulatively sold 1505,000 excavators, an increase of 123% over the same period, and revenues of 613 million, an increase of 163% over the same period.
The main reason for this is the rise in the market share of companies such as Carter, Trinity, Xu and Willow, the main customers of the company, and the decline in the market share of Japanese-Korean excavators. In the non-polluting tank, the shield tank is a big highlight, with revenue rising by 137% from the same year.
The Māori ratio of 2017h1 increased significantly by 8.15 percentage points from the same period last year. 15 t below pump valves enter the release period and 20 t pump valves are progressing steadily: the company has successfully developed Hp3v axle pump and Hvs multi-circuit control for small digs up to 15 t below.
Valves, with lots of domestic mainframe plants such as Trinity, Xu, Ritter, Willows, etc., are now out of the moon with a total equity/flow (million shares) of 100 million, an increase of 101% from the same year. The control valves used in the company's 20t class excavators are the overall multi-road valves.
The control valves, which are less technically difficult to dig, are now in the rack test phase and are expected to be in the small batch trial phase early next year. Overall, the pump valves used by companies in small digs below 15t are precisely controlled and fuel economy is greater than their foreign counterparts.
The market is less than 20 per cent, increasing space is not always the case compared to more than 50 per cent of the city of the excavator tank; in addition, the pump valves used for excavation in the 20t class are currently well under development and steadily moving forward, pumps are being pumped, import replacement space is huge and overseas markets are opening up more room for growth: according to statistics, 2016
The country imports more than 10 billion high-end hydraulics a year, and there is much room for import substitution. The company, as a domestic high-end hydraulic tap, already occupies most of the high-end markets in the high-pressure tank sector, with more than 50 per cent in the excavator-specific tank, and more than 70 per cent in the shield tank, less than 15t.
Small dig pump valves are also in the process of being released. On the other hand, the company’s products are well off in developed countries and regions, such as Europe and America, Japan, where the excavator tanks are exported 20%, total export earnings are over 25%, and are expected to reach 50% in the future, and will focus in the near future on overseas seamen and lifts.
Businesses like machines. Compared to international hydraulic giants like Bo Shilesi, Kawasaki hydraulics, Eden fluids and so on, with revenues of more than 10 billion yuan, we believe that the opening of overseas markets will open up more room for growth for the public.
The company is a domestic hydraulic flagship, growing in space, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating, tank operations showing performance elasticity, pump valve operations fast-release, pump valve operations not expanding as expected.
The tank operations are flexible and the pump valves are fast-disbursing fields of industrial research and are good at industrial chain research, especially with regard to industrial automation.
In June 2017, Pacific securities were brought together to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals. He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.