The three-quarterly report was over-expected, with a significant scale effect, and Chen Qing's net return to the mother was $276 million, an increase of 572.79 per cent over the same period, exceeding expectations.
The reason for the significant growth in corporate revenue is three ways: one, the tank plate, especially the excavator tank, and the shield.
The oil tank continued to grow (with revenues from the excavator tank products increasing by 129 per cent over the year and revenue from the non-scaling tank products increasing by 97 per cent over the same year);2 and small excavators increased their sales rapidly because of the use of pump valves for volume production.3 Hydraulic systems for emerging industries maintained a good growth momentum.
During the reporting period, the combined Māori ratio of companies reached 31.38 per cent, mainly as a result of the revenue pattern (the growth in operating costs is less than the increase in sales income).
It is expected that the company’s Māori and net profit rates will continue to rise with the release of the traditional tank business and the approval of the new product pump valves. Generating offshore business becomes a new bright spot for the company, with huge market space for high-end customers.
In developed countries and regions such as Europe and America, Japan, where exports account for more than 25% of the company’s total revenues. The company’s firm, Japan’s subsidiaries, has been active in expanding their stable partners, and the company’s acquisition of Germany’s overseas research centre, Hawe, has accumulated a group of high-end visitors from Europe and America, such as Caterpillar, Shinigami, and Japan.
It is expected that in the future, corporate clients will gradually spread across major overseas engineering and machinery giants, and overseas operations will continue to rise to 50%. The strong downstream engineering and machinery industry will recover slowly, and hydraulic taps will benefit significantly.
During the reporting period, there was a significant increase in sales of corporate products, driven mainly by strong growth in downstream market demand.
102,000. Subject to the high base effect of last year’s simultaneous period, the consecutive single month since February 2017 has begun to fall at a rate higher than the three-digit rate. Although the rate of increase has declined, the increase is still considerable, and according to research, the constant tank output is still full, with q4 real estate investments projected to be flat.
Steady, capital investment has a strong bottom-up role, with a projected increase of 80 per cent (127,000) in the volume of excavators throughout the year. The current steady dredging hydraulic tank, the domestic market of the shield tank, has reached as high as 50 per cent and 70 per cent (Thirty-One, Xu-Thu, Carter is a major corporate client) and will continue to benefit from downstream in the future.
(Corporates have established extensive marketing networks in Europe, North America, Japan, etc.)
In the medium and long term, there is much room to look at the domestic production of hydraulic pump valves as an alternative to imports.
3. Sustained hydraulic pressure: the downstream engineering and machinery industry is recovering and performance is on the rise.
4. Stereo hydraulic pressure: holding the hand of Hover, Germany, towards the global lead hydraulic system integrator 20170510
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board