On the evening of August 16th, the Boin software published its semi-annual report for 2018, which announced operating income of 2,413 million yuan, maintained high net profit growth, and recorded a significant increase in system integration income.
The operating income from the development and engineering services was $1.604 billion, an increase of 8.24 per cent over the same period, and the operating income from the outsourcing of services was $331 million. Of this amount, the operating income from the outsourcing of services continued to grow at a high level of over 35 per cent, with a significant increase in system integration.
The company’s strategy is clear, governance is gradually improving, the company’s strategy is clear, it responds to the development of the industry and technology, and it is based on business model innovation and comprehensive presentation.
For industrial Internet, cloud computing, data centres (idc), big data, smart equipment, etc., related products and services. During the reporting period, the first investment of $640.8 million in four additional phases was invested in civil renovations, equipment acquisition and installation costs, power supply and distribution systems, cold air conditioning heating systems, weak power systems, etc.
In addition, in order to control possible further losses, it phased out low-growth, inefficient operations, improved efficiency in the operation of the company's assets and cancelled the Shandong branch through “skinned bodies”.
West Side, 28 West Rixie Street, 15th floor of Central China International Center, 1000th and Ever-largest.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. Readers who do not have business relations with the company are not its customers, and the company does not have proper responsibilities.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.