Industrial Internet and cloud computing two-wheel drive - Treasure letter software semi-annual reviews in 2018.
Increase of 18.00 per cent; net profit from maternity of $296 million, or 44.5 per cent; net profit deduction of $262 million, equal to robust income growth, high net profit rate innovation, rising quality of business of $119 million, or 8.23 per cent, 35.6 per cent and 108.77 per cent, respectively, for each line of operations
Māori rates, net interest rates, and business quality are improving. The combined Māori rate is 28.91 per cent, an increase of 0.73 per cent over the same period. At the same time, good cost control is achieved, sales and management costs as a percentage of revenue have reached five years, downstream heating and stacking industry Internet breakthroughs and steel information highs are growing.
In the light of the overall warming of the steel industry and the improved profitability of the steel industry, the company has fully benefited from the steady upturn in the industry’s climate. Revenue from the important customers of the Bold Steel and the Shanghai Mt. Iron and Steel, respectively, released further during the reporting period than in the crucial year of the “Bold War” and increased significantly in the future.
In a crucial year of convergence, the Treasure Steel 2017 report proposed that “the BMW integration mission will be largely completed in 2018, with the transplantation and coverage of seven information systems.” The stock needs of the two major steel companies' information systems remain high compared to the 16 systems completed in 2017.
In the long term, reference is made to the Changjiang Steel, which generated more than $1.5 billion in revenue to the company in 2014-2017, while Wu Steel produced more than three times as much steel in 2017 as the Changjiang Steel. Thus, after the system docking has been completed, the need for in-house information is expected to grow into a new dynamic.
In the reporting period, successful applications were made for an Internet platform test project for the steel industry of the Ministry of Industry and Communications, which is expected to expand further to the steel-related industry based on its own advantages in the field of intelligent manufacturing and has already been taken from the non-ferrous metal industry.
The idc cloud computing operation is fast-disbursing, and the high rate of income growth is expected to continue.
Source: Second is the advantage of scalding, which has been built into the single-body cabinets of the East China region with the highest density of idc. Treasure Clouds, with a total of about 27,000 containers after delivery. The scale effect helps to increase the company's attractiveness to customers such as basic telecommunications service providers, large financial firms, etc., and helps the company to continue to obtain the relevant four-stage orders; and third,
In terms of the rate of completion, the second and third phases of construction are at an advanced stage and are expected to be completed during the year.
In the second half of the year, the actual number of shelves was about 9,800, followed by a significant increase in their approximate contribution, and 24 x. The company is a leading company in the field of iron and steel informatics, and industrial Internet operations are policy-encouraged and pre-optimal, and idc has benefited from an upswing in the cloud computing industry, with the first coverage being “recommended” to the company.
Hu Sam, head of the media network, master of finance from the University of Foreign Economy and Trade, joined the Chinese citizen security portfolio in July 2011 to date, with many years of research in the media Internet industry, Yang Si-Wing, head of computers.
Guo Xinyu, research assistant in the Chinese securities industry, Master of Financial Sciences, Clark University, joined the Chinese securities institute in 2016. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,