Photovoltaic performance is growing steadily, semiconductor equipment is in place, crystals (300316) depth reports, crystals.
According to the State Energy Agency, the rate of permeability of single-crystal routes has increased considerably.
Guidance for the implementation of the 13th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Renewable Energy, planning for the scale of light voltage plant development from 2017 to 2020, with a projected increase of 86.5gw in the capacity of centralized photovoltaics over four years and a total concentration of 154gw by 2020, and due to the combination of distributed photovoltaics
This is lower and more suitable for the developed economies of the central and eastern regions, with a total distributed photovoltage capacity of 160 gw and a total installed capacity of 314 gw by 2020. Also, with monocrystal routes becoming more competitive in battery formation and power generation efficiency, the permeability of single crystal voltage plants is expected to be achieved by 2020.
50% of the total demand for photovoltaic single-crystal silicon growth equipment amounts to $48.2 billion, with crystals power being the backbone of domestic light voltage, single-crystal silicon growth equipment suppliers, which will benefit fully from the development of the photovoltaic industry and generate equipment revenues The supply of large silicon tablets for the domestic semiconductor, and the space for corporate semiconductor-class crystal growth equipment.
In mainland China, where the semiconductor industry is expected to grow at a rapid rate, the semiconductor silicon silicon is already in a state of oversupply as the core raw material of the transistor, with large silicon producers both domestic and foreign, with only domestic semiconductor silicon expansion projects and additional items.
The total investment is close to $60 billion, corresponding to approximately $12.6 billion in crystal growth equipment. The 8-inch semiconductor silicon growth furnace has been procured in empirical bulk, and the 12-inch transversal supermagnetized silicon growth furnace has been successfully developed, with bulk supply capacity and combined with the company's new roll-over.
A series of silicon-production kits, such as machines, cutters, grinders, polishers, etc., with a large overall equipment space, will open up new growth poles for companies.
2 "Crystal Power (300316): high growth in corporate performance, wide space for semiconductor equipment" 2018-04-11 "Crystal Power (300316): sustained high growth,
4. Crystal Gear Power (300316): Small and Medium Market Theme Selection Series Crystal Gear Insight Report 2016-11 - 21 The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
The company is the lead firm for the domestic crystallized silicon growing equipment. 1.1 has the lead in monocrystal products and technical barriers.
Industry, the country’s leading technology supplier of crystalline silicon growing equipment. Companies focus on the development, manufacture and sale of crystallized silicone long equipment and its control systems with autonomous brands.
Corporate revenue and profit growth have been significant, and profit margins have been stable. The growth of the domestic photovoltaic industry has been accompanied by significant growth in the company’s main business income and profits, with growth rates of over 80 per cent over the past two years, and the level of corporate Māori rates and net interest rates has remained largely stable.
In recent years, companies have been increasing their R & D investment, and funding for R & D has been on the rise since 2014.
The optical-voltage technology route of the power generation system achieves the technological advantage of "a fully automated, high-performance, efficient, low-energy-consuming" silicon crystals, leading the country, and advanced internationally. The complete automated monocrystal series of products and the jsh800 gas-cooling multi-crystals have been rated as new products of national priority by each of the four ministries.
In 2015, a new generation of monocrystal bar cutting composite machines, monocrystal silicon cutters, multi-crystal silicon grinders, multi-crystal silicon cutters, and the development of high-efficiency photovoltaic battery equipment and components were successfully developed and marketed, and efforts were made to build the most equipped and technologically equipped backbones of the photovolt industry chain.
Crystal silicon growth equipment is the company’s most important product. The company’s crystal growth equipment, especially the single-crystal silicon growth furnace, is better marketed, mainly with the approval of the technological route of single-crystal light, and with the expansion of downstream producers, the penetration rate of single crystals has gradually increased, leading to an increase in demand for single-crystal silicon growth furnaces, which already accounts for 81 per cent of operating income.
Figure 4: The company’s main business consists of a growing international partnership. The company works with the Saito machine on semiconductor processing equipment.