Internal capital pcb poles, strategic layout of 3-in-one deep south circuits (002916.sz) 27/0221
The company is the largest pcb manufacturer in China’s international holdings. The company’s “3-in-one” strategy, which extends from pcb operations to upstream envelopes, downstream electronics chains, fully taps the value of its clients. With technology leading as a core competitive strategy, with forward-looking industry vision and cards, the company became the top ten in the world in 2019.
• The high-speed pcb processing capacity of the calculator, which benefits from the 5g and auto electron trends, leads in the company's pcb hardboard processing technology industry, with the highest volume of production up to 68 floors, exceeding 56 floors of its peers. Advanced processes provide a new card-level advantage for the industrial dividend period, with the company's average pcb in 2019.
The price is 3912 yuan per square metre above the comparable company $1322 per square metre. Cars benefit from the trend of car intelligence penetration, with companies accumulating thick copper and high-frequency material pcb processing technology into customer camps such as Bo Group, Ceefu, Biyadi, Walle and North Gas New Energy. Industry growth in the digital pcb area will be driven by 5g
Wireless migration to the side of network equipment, where the high-speed pcb cams of core equipment are expected to develop to 30-40 floors, while backboards will reach more than 60 floors, upgrades in the communications product hierarchy will facilitate the optimization of competition patterns in the area of disaggregation, and companies are expected to benefit from being one of the few domestic manufacturers that can produce high-level pcb layers.
..and the pace of the industry is accelerating, and the envelope is the key material for the chip envelope, at&s predicting that the market size will grow from US$480 million in 2019 to US$930 million in 2025, with an annual compound growth rate of 11.4 per cent and the world ' s top 10 cs in 2018.
The stock market is 82%, and the company’s sealing board is the twelfth largest in the world, and the firm’s headline is the first of its own. The company’s sealing board has two major production bases, Shenzhen and tin-free, and continues to expand its capacity.
Customers for new items in the heart network are imported less than expected, base-plating operations are imported less than expected, and motor panels are becoming more competitive. The top-notch pcb manager is continuing to deepen the 3-in-one layout, China Air International Holdings, the largest-funded pcb manufacturer.
Deep South has a long history of electronic connectivity. Deep South Electric Co. Ltd. was established in 1984 and listed in a stock market in 2017. The main printing circuit boards (pcb), the enveloped boards and the electronics complex formed a unique “3-in-one” business layout in the industry. The company first moved to Shenzhen Hill in 1995 and produced a large area of production.
Up to 6,500 square metres; launch of the metal-based circuit board development project in 2007, layout 3g operations; presentation of the “3-in-one” strategy in 2008 around electronic interconnection layout pcb, enveloped boards, electronic bindings; first entry in 2009 in the semiconductor enveloped base plate area; full-line integration of the envelope in 2011 to achieve mems-mic volume production; 2013
Work began on a semiconductor-free semiconductor-envelope project; in 2014, the connection was made to a pcb-free plant with no tin-deficient pcba; and in 2015, the semiconductor-deficient semiconductor-enveloping base project (phase I) was inaugurated. The company’s headquarters was located in Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province, with production bases in Shenzhen, Jiangsu Su-in and South China, with North American affiliates and European R & D sites overseas.
The company is a company controlled by China Air International Ltd., representing the strategic industrial layout of the group. China Air International is a global holding company, owned by China Air Industries Group Ltd., with four major sections of international air, advanced manufacturing, international operations, modern services, etc., while Deep South is the advanced China Air International.
With a forward-looking industrial vision and technology layout, the company joined the top ten pcb manufacturers worldwide in 2019. Corporate products locate high-end application markets, including backboards, high-speed multi-layered boards, multi-purpose metal panels, thick copper plates, high frequency.
Microwave panels, scratching boards, etc., have benefited from the increased demand for high-level multipcbs from the 5g base station communications wireless network, and the high-level pcb technology card gives companies a price advantage over the dividends of new products, rising from 14th in 2018 to 8th in 2019 worldwide.
1.2. Technology leadership strategy to continue to deepen the 3-in-one layout. After more than 30 years of technological accumulation, the company builds a one-stop electronic interconnection solution.
Compatibility (and technology in the field of design (structural design, circuit design); a combination of electronic packaging and testing around the core clients of the pcb operation, thus integrating the electronic packaging complex industry from level 1 to level 2 and creating a one-stop platform of 3-in-one.
The company’s long-term driving force comes from the extension of the industrial chain to create the status of the electronics industry in the production process. For overseas manufacturers, we see a clearer description of the future development path planning by the Austrian manufacturer at&s: (1) Upstream: the sealing board is used for chip sealing, which leads to the upstream chip sealing, i.e., the transition from Level 2 envelopes to Level 2 envelopes.
Level 1 envelope; (ii) downstream: since pcb boards pass through the device smt postable production module, pcb manufacturers are expected to extend to operations such as downstream module assembly, i.e., from level 2 to level 3. Figure 5: pcb manufacturers extending up and down the industry chain
In 2015, for the first time, the company built a semiconductor block project (phase I) to serve the semiconductor industrial chain in the long triangle. The company issued a transhipment investment in the South Chinastone project, phase I and phase II, with South China II dominated by high multilayered general products, and in March 2020 it launched the South South.
The company’s perfect one-stop integrated solution layout, with business income and net return profits, continues to grow.
Industry is highly relevant to the macroeconomic cycle, and the company is ranked fourth in terms of in-house growth and second in terms of net profit gain in 2014-2019, based on precisions such as radio frequency (RF) pcb, aerospace pcb, and home-leading processor chip wrapping boards at the wireless base station. By 2020 q3, by 2020 q3.
As a result of trade frictions affecting the company’s core clients, the base station-related programme was modified, causing disruption to the company’s three-quarter communications product order, which slowed down to 7.0 per cent in the first quarter of 2020q3 from its operating income of $3.07 billion, the net pcb business was an important support for the company, and the advanced technology level generated a product premium. 2020h1 company pcb, encapsulation
In 2019, the company benefited from the 5g base station orders of the core equipment firm, which had a good competitive pattern among domestic pcb manufacturers, owing to the high levels of technical difficulty of large-sized products compared to the traditional pcb, with a ratio of 76.3 per cent to 13.3 per cent and 10.4 per cent respectively.
(b) In 2020h1, tenders for 5g base stations in the country facilitated the company's income from pcb operations to reach $4.31 billion. The company's Māori rate fell slightly to 27.6 per cent as a result of a reduction in programme specifications and a slight decline in the average price of orders entered into quantitative orders.
On the side, with the production of the tin-free storage base plate network, the rate of the coated base plate Maori rose steadily, from 26.3 per cent in 2019 to 28.5 per cent of 2020h1. On the operational side of the electronic assembly union, two business models were used: consign and turnkey, where the customer provided most of the raw materials, the company provided a small number of supplements and charged the customer with processing costs, and the latter.
The purchase of raw materials was organized by the company itself to settle the sale price for the full cost of the raw material, the Māori rate of the business was affected by the structure of the two settlements, and when the share of the turnkey business increased, the absolute amount of the sales increased and the Māori rate decreased, with the Māori rate of the EPF 2020h1 company having 28.5 per cent.
Figure 10: Business income from 2020h1pcb is $4.31 billion. Figure 11: Māori rate of 2020h1 board operations exceeds Pcb operation 5g Communications and Data Centre product-led product structure upgrades and Māori rates and net interest rates continue to improve.
Since 2018, the Division has sampled 5g telecommunications pcb products, and 5g communications pcb products from 219h1 companies have moved from a small batch phase to a bulk phase and output has continued to rise, leading to an increase in the company ' s Māori ratio from 23.1 per cent in 2018 to a card-based advantage in technology in the field of communications, a gradual erosion of the 5g wireless side-station construction dividend and the company ' s overseas customers.
With a core supply qualification, households will enter the core web product area in the future, and pcb products will still be profitable and corporate asset-liability ratios are higher than comparable company-led roe levels than competitors. In 2019, corporate roe levels reached $1 billion, of which $1.06 billion will be invested in high-speed, high-density, multi-layered circuit board investment projects, the rest
Figure 15: Corporate roe levels are higher than comparable companies 1.3, state enterprise structures, and employee ownership incentives are adequate
Most of the technical background in the field of specialization was born between 1965 and 1975, with Chairman Yang Jingzheng, Vice-President, holding shares in the company, and stable core management structure. Corporate equity incentive programmes are based on long-term development interests, with indicators that value roe and eva (economic value added), etc.
In 2018, the company set up a equity incentive programme for 150 people, including the deputy general manager and the core cadre. The incentive scheme is valid for 5 years (60 months) from the date of the restricted stock award. During the breakout period, the incentive audience can apply for the release of the restricted stock cap to the awarded share on three unlock days.
33.3 per cent, 33.3 per cent, 33.4 per cent of tickets, 2, HF high-speed pcb processing capacity, benefiting 5g and trends in auto digitization 2.1, lead in the hardboard technology industry, high-quality clients in the head of the card
The company is in the lead of the insider's hardboard. The hardboard measures the difficulty of production in three dimensions: (1) pcb layer, the higher the average structure of the same type of material, the more difficult it is to produce; (2) whether the type of coating used involves the process of special materials: (3) whether the design of printed circuit boards is applied to special processes, including steps, mixing, etc.
Embedded metal or device, multi-story hdi, deep insignia or large dimensions. From the backboard of the product with the most difficult pcb technical process, the maximum volume of production in deep south circuits can reach 68 layers, exceeding 56 layers of the peer, sample size mm, corresponding to the level of technology in the industry; in the case of special processing processes, the company stores materials, etc.
Special processes such as local mixing, gold fingers, local thick copper, encumbered chips/discrete devices/plane capacitors. Advanced processes lead to better pricing of products than their peers. Deep South circuits benefited from the delivery of 5gpcb boards in 2017-2019, with a steady increase in the average unit price of products from 2674 yuan per square metre in 2017 to 3912 yuan per square metre in 2019.
Companies continue to develop advanced technologies, and R & D expenditures are in the lead. In 2019, companies spent $540 million on R & D, higher than the $3.2.14 billion on electric shares and electronics, and the R & D expenditure/business income ratio reached 5.1 per cent, higher than 4.4 per cent on electric shares and 4.6 per cent on electronics.
Products such as high-frequency microwave panels, scratching boards, etc., such products as HF microwave panels, coating and storage of chip envelopes, wireless radio frequency modules, micromechanical power systems, high-speed communication envelopes, etc. Companies have developed cutting-edge customers in the field with the leading combined technical capacity of the pcb processing process.
Concomitant with cutting-edge trends in the development of the pcb industry, pcb technology is driven by high-speed, high-capacity integration, moving from the current leading 25gbps bus speed to 56gbps, requiring high core equipment, high-speed pcb layers above 40 layers, and companies in ultra-sized, large-height ratio, pcb rectangular technology above 50 floors.
In terms of high-system integration, there has been an increase in the number of devices carried by units of pcb, an increase in the number of i/o requests for pcb, and a reduction in the distance between fuses.
Table 6: Companies mastering high-school pcb and cutting into core clients 2.2, car pcb: car smartness accelerated penetration, company card high frequency and thick copper pcb market, five major electronic car systems driving product pcb upgrades. Five major systems, based on car pcb application scale
, market size ranking: power engine control system > body control security system > vehicle-mounted communications system > car room > > lighting system. The next five systems will be upgraded to drive the pcb product to a higher level of application: (1) body control security system: high frequency signal transmission, use of high frequency material; (2) engine control, extraction
Using high voltage, large currents, thick copper processing techniques; (3) lighting: use of led headlamps, requiring the use of metal base panels, radiating heat; (4) vehicle-borne communications and interior decorations, moving from multi-layer to high-density interconnectivity panels.
Global vehicle sales grew by 2.2 per cent/4.5 per-0.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the vehicle pcb market increased by $56.0 per year over the same period to $63.2 per year in 2018, while the United States-owned pcb supplier, tttm, projected future unit prices, the return of car sales, the resonance of auto digitization with the trend of new energy vehicle penetration, and the rapid expansion of the car pcb market.
The value of the new energy vehicle system as compared to the pcb of the conventional fuel vehicle was increased, and the average unit price of the new energy vehicle as a result was increased in the case of reversibles, dc-dc, vehicles, chargers, bms, electrical controllers, etc.
Autopilot-led millimetre-wave radar penetration, high-frequency pcb market expansion Autopilot-led millimetre-wave radar penetration increase for high-frequency pcb requirements. The sensors used by aadas include cameras, radars, lasers, ultrasounds, etc., and as autopilot level rises, single cars
The use of cameras, radars, lasers continues to rise. According to strategyanalytics, the total cost of the hardware associated with the autopilot of grades I2/l2+, vel4/5 adas amounts to $160-180, $280-350 and $1150-1250, respectively, of which the cost of radar and laser radar modules will increase continuously and will be the highest 30 per cent of the cost of the level2 module.
The value of the corresponding radar module was raised from $48-54 of the level2 to the level. The millimetre wave radar was concentrated in the 24ghz, 77ghz and two major bands, of which 24ghz covered a short range and was installed on the side and back of the vehicle for blind spot detection, auxiliary parking, etc., while 77ghz was mainly used in the car.
Forward, for the detection of objects at a distance of more than 200 metres. According to the electronic design of the vehicle, the radar consists of two pcbs, one power pcb, the integrated safety control and the internal asic chip using voltage, the other millimetre-wave radar pcb, the integration mcu and the radar asic programme.
Chips, back-to-back integrated antenna arrays, using HF-copper material. Figure 23: Autodrill 77ghz mm wave radar consisting of radar treatment panels and electrical panels. Increased autopilot penetration with millimetre wave radar usage in bicycles, driving millimetre wave radar pcb market expansion.
According to data from the China Automobile Industry Association on global passenger vehicles, the market space for global millimetre wave radar pcb corresponds to 18.7/26.1/34.1/4255.25 billion yuan, 2.2.2, new energy vehicles drive thick copper pcb penetration, and thick copper plate processing has high technology thresholds.
The pcb is expected to increase in the light of the high power of the new energy vehicle and the high current. The pcb can withstand the size of the current and the width of the wire, the thickness of the copper, the temperature, the high currents (>5amps) and the wide-width requirements of the car board, often using more than 2oz of the plate design. It is easier to process within the copper 3-5oz.
More than 10 oz will present a processing threshold, including: (1) line erosion problems; (2) 3 oz thick copper is subject to multi-layer condensation problems in condensing more than 12 layers, which can easily lead to poor filling, leading to open boards of circuit boards; (3) laser drills have decreased permeability. In addition, the use of processes such as copper encumbrance, metal base panels, etc. can solve the problem of volatilization of circuit boards.
2.2.3 The company ' s thick copper and high-frequency microwave pcb processing technology has accumulated, and the world-wide Tier1 auto camp has accumulated associated processing advantages in the manufacture of thick copper plates and in the production of high-frequency materials. According to the network of corporate officials, in 2019, the public-service pcb bulk product was able to produce a maximum copper thickness of 6 oz, with a sample of 30 oz copper thick, exceeding 10 oz.
The company accumulates core technology in the field of multi-purpose metal base panels, thick copper panels, high-frequency microwave panels.
With regard to the base plate, the company has access to copper, embedded copper, local pressure mixing techniques and is in the production phase of the application, and the remaining base plate or copper burial can also solve the problem of high-power circuit board heat evaporation. In the area of high-frequency microwave, the company ' s high-sensitivity antennae, mixing presses, local pressure sheeting, and the product is in time to be produced, and is accompanied by a three-phase project for the construction of high-end motors.
The company is entering the customer camps of the Boeing Group, Cee Mobil, Biadei, the Great Wall and the new energy source of the North Gas. 2.3. Digital field: switch from wireless side to network side, with continued benefits from the high layer of pcb.
The development opportunities in the digital field pcb will be gradually transferred from the communications equipment plate to the network equipment plate and to the computer/server with pcb. In the digital field, the pcb product consists of three main types of products: (1) the communications system is divided into a network of access (i.e. a base station), a carrier network (transmission) and a core network (processing of data and connection factors).
The main communications equipment corresponding to the 5g system is base station equipment (synchronous system-aau and strap module-cu+du), transmission equipment, core network equipment; (2) network panel for backbone network transmission, routers, high-end switches, Ether network switches and access networks; (3) computer/server panels for provision
Equipment for computing services. To benefit from the 5g wireless construction, the bidding for base station communications equipment boards 2019-2020 led to an increase in the value added of pcb products, followed by the introduction of more competitors at the pcb plant level and the movement of product prices down the line as a result of construction cost pressures on operators.
To drive pcb towards high-speed capacity, the number of pcb product layers of the core equipment will be further increased and the profit of the head company will continue to improve. Currently, the 25gbps bus rate is expected to reach 56 gbps, the core equipment high-speed pcb cardboard is expected to move to 30-40 floors, while the back layer will reach more than 60 floors, and the upgrade of the communications product level will drive the division collar.
Capital spending by overseas q4 overseas lumber computes Google, Amazon, Microsoft combined capital expenditure in the single quarter of 2020q4 amounted to $22.85 billion, an increase of 68.8%, and the ring 13.6%.
According to idc, 2020q3 global server output of 3.07 million, yoy+0%. Increased capital spending by cloud-calculating taps is a sign that the pace of investment in cloud-based construction is accelerating, and the purchase of server equipment is expected to move up and then pull the server pcb out.
In terms of the pace of delivery, the growth rate of global server output lags behind one quarter of producer capital spending, and the recovery of 2020q4 cloud computing plant capital spending is expected to lead to a return to positive growth in global server output. According to digitimesresearch, global server output is expected to grow by 6% per year in 2021.
Intel and amd will be rolling out the new-generation server cpu support pcie 5.0 standard, and the corresponding server pcb layer and coating material levels are expected to be upgraded. Intel is expected to launch the new-generation service architecture of the Dragon Genoa in the first half of 2021, with a signal rate of 32 gbps, pcb
In addition, the use of ultra-lowloses at the high-speed transmission level further enhances the value added of pcb products by ensuring that signal losses are limited to a certain range. Looking ahead, applications such as cloud computing will lead to an increase in data flow over the long term, forcing server single-channel transmission rates.
The company has entered the wave, linked to the server pcb supply chain, and is expected to benefit from an increase in the volume of goods delivered by the server and the value enhancement brought about by the product rotation. The company reserves high-speed high-volume applications, covering servers and storage, switchboards, and roads.
By-products, with server products covering wave, association, etc. According to idc, the 2020q3 wave and the conjecture that two manufacturers account for 9.7 per cent/ 5.8 per cent of global server output, totalling 15.5 per cent, are expected to enjoy the growth opportunities of core clients.
Figure 27: Company stock of high-speed high-volume applications 3 , capping board power, industry speed acceleration 3.1, capping board application expansion, and the company is expected to achieve in-house finance
Encapsulation panels are important materials for chip encapsulation, replacing the traditional frame of fuses in the high-level envelopes. They can provide support, radiation and protection for chips, with thinning, high density and high accuracy, which account for more than 50% of the cost of wrapping materials, and they also represent the ability to process at the cutting edge of the pcb product.
Line-based and inverted envelopes can be used in areas such as the storage of chip envelopes, micromechanical system envelopes, radio frequency module envelopes, processor chip envelopes and high-speed communication envelopes.
Figure 30: Companies provide fused and inverted enveloped base sheet products The market space for the board continues to expand under the trend of encapsulation applications and electronic terminal modelling. The envelope is a key piece of core envelopes, accompanied by high-performance chip containment techniques, which are expected to become thin, high-density and high in the future.
Precision, HF transmission of low signal loss direction. Servers and cloud computing, high performance computers, binary notebooks, etc. will pull the demand for the ic board, smart phone cameras and base plate applications that drive modularization, such as radio front-end models, bluetooth headphones, car adas.
The market size of the ball pcb would increase from $58 billion to $76.6 billion in 2025, with a compound growth rate of 4.7 per cent per year, with the market size of the enveloped board increasing from $480 million in 2019 to $930 million in 2025, with a compound growth rate of 11.4 per cent per year.
There is a concentration of competitive patterns in the board market, and there is still room for breakthroughs among insiders. In Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan, most of the master planners are concentrated. According to Prismark, 82 per cent of the top 10 boarders in the world were in 2018.
3.2 The company opens a blockboard operation, moving towards high-level products for processors/storage chips. The company has two major production bases, Shenzhen and Tin-free, and continues to expand its production capacity. In 2011, the company set a seal on Shenzhen.
The global market is more than 30% in Apple and Samsung smartphones. In terms of capacity expansion, the company has been able to encircle 227,000 square metres per year in 2018 to 373,000 square metres per year in 2019. The Shenzhen plant has been able to upgrade its capacity mainly through technological modifications and line adjustments.
With a capital investment of $548 million in construction, designed to produce 600,000 square metres annually, pilot production began in June 2019, and the plant is currently in a state of climbing capacity, successfully importing storage customers. The company ' s product technology has been upgraded, and the envelope board application will be cut from the mems system into the area of the storage chip/processor chip.
From a processing point of view, the company has high-density high-precision envelopes that produce a minimum linear width/wire range of 20 μm/20 μm, a minimum aperture of 65 μm, a minimum pore plate of 135 μm, and a minimum thin board of 100 μm. The company's current containment base is based on products such as mems-mics, fingerprinting modules, etc., to facilitate the development of radio frequency, storage, etc., currently embedded.
High-end storage chip envelopes are extremely large and processor chips are already in production capacity (fc-csp).
The company's three main operations, namely, printing circuit boards, sealing boards, electronic packaging, and setting up the Shenzhen Dragon's Plant, Tinless Plant, Nandong Plant (three-phase plant). The company's future growth will be driven by two core drivers: (1) the company's copper cover business will be expanded to focus on projects in the digital field and in the electronics of automobiles, expansion of capacity and product attachments.
Increase in value and increase in value, from existing wireless side applications to servers, switchboards, product additions, expansion of capacity, with emphasis on release of phase 2 and phase 3 production up slopes at Nanton Plant; and (2) containment of base plate operations, where the company ' s capacity is spread over Shenzhen and tin-free plants, with future growth occurring in tin-free plants.
Release, move existing products from mems to storage and processor chip areas to achieve unit price increases (1) Assuming that the company pcb produced 290/348/38.8 million m in 2020-2022, and the encapsulation of base plate output, respectively, is the first fixed asset size and technical capability of an in-house pcb manufacturer, taking into account pcb
The order-making properties of the company, guided by the same source as the client, combine the enveloped base plate and the electronic assembly business with the active extension of the industry chain up and down, and create a unique 3-in-one solution, moving from a level 1 envelope to a level 0 and a level 2 envelope, respectively, fully tapping core customer values, and the industry’s position is hard to shake.
After an expansion dividend for insiders, there will be a shift in the focus of competition, with growth paths in the scale of the business income generated by past expansion of capacity or the risk of over-exploitation of medium- and low-end capacity and deterioration in the pattern of competition, while the public administration will maintain positions in high-end areas, combining the envelope-plate operations that represent the highest technical capacity in the pcb area.
Steady progress, with the prospect of national production substitution, continuous product lines, and hence increased profitability, will provide the company with a prominent position. There is a clear valuation premium for comparable companies, so we use historical valuation methods to value, taking flight into account.
The company ' s corresponding pe/pb valuation for 2021/2022 is close to the historical valuation hub, and the company ' s products will benefit from electronic car penetration, continuous upgrading of core network development in the digital field, leading to improved profitability and higher valuation space. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “buy-in” rating.
Figure 33: Deep South circuit peband Figure 34: Deep South circuit pbband cost increases for raw materials coatings;
(a) Trade friction leads to sub-optimal orders for core clients;
Competition on motor panels has intensified.