We're looking at the future of China's semiconductor equipment, and we've explained the logic before.
The demand for etching and membrane sediments has increased in the course of the advanced process. This report further digs into the complex structure of the storage chip for etching and membrane sedimentation, before the market was widely perceived as the size of the domestic semiconductor equipment market in mid-2025.
We continue to view the market for semiconductor equipment in the middle of the year, unlike the market expectations. We cover MSMEs for the first time. In our view, the company is a national product of semiconductor equipment.
It is one of the main beneficiaries of the process, and looks forward to the market for its corrosion equipment, including the icp/ccp device.
For the first time, the advantage of the corrosion device is clear, the product is further diversified, first purchased, and the storage circuit structure is complex, pulling etching/sedimentation requirements: before, we were in the thematic report and North China.
In this paper, we have analysed in depth the process of producing 3dnand, which will increase the number of stacking layers of 3dnand, the sediment and etching steps will increase accordingly, and the area of multiple membrane sediments will increase accordingly, with the depth of the etching.
As our national product, 3dnand, approaches the international leading 232-story level, we predict that national production will have a 9% share in global market markets in 2025. 3dnand has a lower demand for light-carrying equipment and a higher demand for corrosion equipment, which is the area in which MSMEs are good at doing.
There may be competitive advantages to corrosion equipment products in our market: the company’s strategy of raising deep width ratios, developing single- and dual-reaction station equipment, and developing ccp corrosion machines that can regulate the distance between electrodes makes it possible not only to lead the product in China, but also to reach out to advanced areas of production abroad.
Earlier, we believe that the company's corrosion product will yield $7.28 billion in 2024, icp at or above ccp in 2025, and ccp/icp above ccp with ccp/icp at $60.0/6260 million, respectively.
By the end of 2024, the company had launched six metal membrane deposition products, of which the tungsten metal deposited earned $156 million in 2024, while nearly 40 products were under development. Considering that the company had 476 million membrane deposition orders at the end of 2024, it was active.
The products of corrosion equipment, including irp, have gained further market recognition, and their own membrane sedimentation devices have continued to improve. David Wang, phd, cfa, we expect new orders to be added in 2025 or continue to grow by the same amount. We predict.
We're talking about our positive view of Uttar Pradesh's semiconductor equipment.
In the thematic report, the increase in demand for corrosion and membrane sedimentation equipment in the pursuit of advanced processes by the national production logic circuits was measured in detail. Unlike the previous market expectations of mid-2025 for domestic semiconductors, which were prepared for market size or consistent with the same decline, we continued to look at the domestic semiconductor in mid-2025.
The equipment market, and the recent increase in the size of the semiconductor equipment market in the interior in 2025 to $52 billion, is one of the main beneficiaries of the domesticization of semiconductor equipment, and looks forward to the market for corrosion equipment from companies, including icp/ccp equipment.
In addition to the positive impact of high-end domestic production logic circuits on corrosion and sedimentation equipment, we have focused in this report on technological advances in national production storage chips that increase the need for corrosion and sedimentation.
In the case of the nand chip, the technological advances are aimed at increasing the number of stacking layers under 3d conditions. This may increase the complexity of the manufacturing process, thus raising the technical requirements for corrosion and sedimentation equipment. As our national product approaches the world's leading 232-storey level.
In 2025, China’s national production reached 9% or 9% in the global market. We believe that MSMEs will benefit from technological advantages in corrosion equipment or from technological advances in national production, and that the company’s membrane of sedimentation equipment products or the positive factors that have driven it have enriched the product variety and increased the volume of its output.
At the same time, we believe that the ccp product of the Chinese micro company, which has a competitive advantage in our market, has been a leader in technology earlier in the country. It has benefited from the depth of the icp product by its core technicians, which has grown rapidly in recent years. We believe that the volume of the icp product has increased or is higher than in 2025.
ccp's speed of increase, and forecasts of ccp's revenue to exceed ccp in 2026. By comparing MSMEs with North China (002371/purchase), we believe that platform-based and specialized equipment companies are competing.
In addition to corrosion equipment, we believe that the market for film depositions is expected to be another major factor in the growth of corporate revenue. In recent years, the company has increased its investment in the membrane sedimentation sector, with tungsten metal deposition products from the company in 2024.
After entering the Nand market in China, new markets for nitrogenated titanium, titanium ald, etc. will continue to be opened in 2025, while tungsten metals will be deposited in 2025. In strategic terms, the company will focus mainly on metal membrane sedimentation, while the company will focus on media-related sedimentation equipment.
The research analysis developed suggests that the company or the membrane deposition business has the potential to continue accelerating the replacement of overseas equipment. Mocvd products are sold or are subject to fluctuations in the end market, but given that companies or new products are listed after 2025, we predict that the mocvd will recover in 2025 on a year-on-year basis.
Focus on the progress of development and potential for collection of equipment newly developed by the company. Historical average. Given that the demand for semiconductor equipment is now higher than previously anticipated by the market, the demand for advanced process is rising, driven by the i, market liquidity and the importance of the market to the chain of national production semiconductor industries.
We may be able to better reflect industry cycles and market demands. With the benefits of the domesticization of semiconductor equipment, MSMEs have been growing on average each year over the past 14 years.
Over 35%. Companies ' operating income continued to grow at a high rate in the second quarter of 2025, with operating income of about $2.787 billion, which generally means that the company delivers orders over a 12-month period, which may mean that at the end of each year, the amount of unpaid orders in hand, or will be used as an advance indicator of the company’s income in the coming year.
Contract liabilities have generally been used as an advance indicator of the company ' s revenue for the coming year, but in view of the change in the way it is delivered and paid from specific products, we believe that contractual liabilities have been the dominant business in MSMEs ' income, which accounts for about 75-80 per cent of total income, either as a time frame or as a reference for the prior indicator or as a corrosion of equipment.
In our view, the former high-energy ccp etching or ahead of low-energy etching icp revenues amounted to $47.5.253 billion in 2024, respectively. Given the previous experience of micro and small-scale R & D teams, we predict that the revenue from 2025 eicp products will increase faster than the ccp product.
The current order levels are similar, and we project ccp and icp revenues at $5,145,700 million in 2025, while etching product revenues totalled $9.7 billion. We predict that ccp income exceeded ccp and ccp/icp to $60.0/6260 billion in 2026.
The membrane sediment operation was preceded by the deposition of tungsten metal, which was mainly applied to equipment such as 3dnand, the first lpcvd product in 2024, which generated $156 million. The company directed a hand order of $476 million in 2024. We believe that it includes new sediment products such as titanium nitrogen, nitrous thiomers, etc.
In general, we believe that the most rapidly growing mocvd products of membrane deposition or membrane companies are mainly used in the prismoa7 of blue light and in the prismo of deep UV led.
Hit3 and products such as Prismounimax for Mini-led displays. In recent years, the supply needs of led have fluctuated from downstream terminal demand, earning $379 million in 2024, compared to the historical Māori ratio of Māori in MSMEs at 34.9%, as the semiconductor industry climate has changed.
New product lines, including different membrane sediment products, or have an impact on overall Maori. Together, taking into account the full or continued expansion of downstream crystal mills, the demand for home-grown equipment remains high, we believe the company's Māori ratio in 2025 or a small decline from 2024. The company's 1h25 Māori represents an increase of $590 million over 1h24 million.
R & D costs: In the short term, the promotion of improved product lines takes into account the fact that company products and sales are largely driven by innovation, that the semiconductor equipment industry is demanding talent, the scientific environment and equipment, and that, in pursuing overseas enterprises, domestic semiconductor equipment providers need to be continuously rolled out.
New products in line with technological developments. Corporate R & D costs $1.12 billion, an increase of $550 million over the $1h24 million, amounting to about 30.1 per cent of corporate operating income, far higher than the average R & D investment of companies listed on the Science and Innovation Board, but the cost of new R & D is the same as the increase in R & D costs of 1 h25. We predict R & D costs for the year as a whole.
With $2.47 billion, an increase of $1.05 billion over the same year, we believe that the main R & D inputs in M & M are: 1) high-end upgrades of ccp products, some of which are in advanced production lines overseas; 2) development of icp products: company ' s 2025 icp products
Sales are growing rapidly, and in order to meet the increased demand for irp products from clients, we believe that a significant portion of the research is being developed or used in the development of irp products; 3) the development of new membrane sedimentation equipment: this is the necessary input for the company to continue to expand the membrane sedimentation operation after the tungsten gold was deposited prior to the breakout.
But at the same time, we believe that short-term profit levels are falling or part of the return on investment: as one of the industry's leaders, MSMEs have invested in technology, ambition and technology through participation as a minority shareholder.
Industrial chains, such as orange semiconductor materials, intelligent science instruments (see the company brief section) and downstream enterprises, have benefited from a general improvement in second-tier market sentiment, with $170 million in investment returns for 1h25, at a loss of 1h24, although we are not fully visible about the market performance of subsequent MSMEs, it is important to note that because of this,
At certain times, the performance of the investment or the performance of the company’s/industry’s business is magnified.
For example, in the industry ' s up-to-date cycle, the company ' s income and profitability have risen, although there may be a certain amount of chain time, and the company ' s bid performance is likely to be improving, while the capital market (although it will reflect performance expectations in advance) has also improved and the value of the target has improved, as has the company ' s return on investment.
All right. Thus, positive changes and risks in the industry are reflected in both the company’s main business and investment returns. The net profit of the parent and the ps or continued healthy growth of the company’s 1h25 net profit of $706 million, a year-on-year increase of 14.2%, compared to 2024 year-on-year net profit.
Then, as the company's product lines grew and business income increased accordingly, the share of R & D costs was spread out to M & D companies (688012ch), which compared us to the market, where we predicted future R & D costs for M & M to be higher than the market.
In our view, R & D is the most important driver of long-term growth in corporate performance, with companies continuing to invest in areas such as product upgrades for ccp, product line expansion for icp, and new product development for film deposition. In addition, companies are actively investing in equipment testing companies, which have recently been listed with a demonstration machine.
Division 1q25/2q25 R & D costs have risen considerably over the same period. We believe that the company’s R & D costs or market prospects for 2h25 and corrosion equipment, as well as the production matrix after the membrane sedimentation equipment, have improved, or become a new revenue growth engine. We cover the company for the first time, as mentioned in the previous thematic report and the report of the North.
We've always been positive about companies that produce semiconductor equipment. Consider industry prospects, historical valuations. Historically, MSMEs have had an average market surplus level since they were listed as the first companies in 2019.
The rising market liquidity and the increasing importance of the market to the chain of the domestic semiconductor industry may well reflect the industry’s cycle and market demand for semiconductor equipment. Compared to comparable national semiconductor equipment companies, MSMEs may have a valuation premium, in our view.
This may be due to the following reasons: (a) the company ' s R & D cost rate has been at a high level, affecting profitability to some extent; (b) it is precisely because the company ' s R & D costs have been higher and some of its products have become a high technical barrier. For example, the company ' s corrosion equipment is a product of 5 nanometers that we rarely enter the global head crystal circle.
High-end products in the chain. The market or firm is willing to pay a premium by investing in the development of a strategy to upgrade the technology of the product; (c) the market for tungsten-metallide products from the company has 40 products under study and 3 tungsten-metal products on the market.
Power. In addition, the corroded icp product also represents a strong growth potential, with the size of the harvest by 2025 or close to the ccp product, which in 2019 was a very limited contribution to the company ' s revenue, and one of the reasons why investors offered the company a premium.
China Micro Co. (688012ch) China Micro Co. (688012ch) We believe that the factors driving up the stock price of the company may include:
The market's attitude towards the size of the semiconductor equipment market in the short term has shifted more positively: in our exchanges with investors, we found that most investors were cautious about the overall size of the domestic semiconductor equipment market in mid2025/2026, mainly due to the large build-up of the pre-China domestic maturity process, after 2025 or otherwise.
In 2025, the market for semiconductor equipment continued to grow. We have recently increased the market for semiconductor equipment in the interior further by 5 to 52 billion dollars in the same year. We believe that, on the one hand, there is a high degree of enthusiasm for advanced production in the inner crystalworks, and, on the other hand, there is a clear tendency to replace the national production of stored chips.
Process construction has been affected by a moderate recovery in downstream applications such as cars and industry, and while capacity-building has slowed down, overall capital spending has declined relatively modestly. Historically, especially after 2015, it is expected.
The capital spending plan for the lower-stream logical circuit crystal-crystal generation client 2026 is not yet clear. Given that part of the crystal is full and the surrogate price has risen steadily, we do not rule out the possibility of some crystal-crystal plants increasing production (with additional capital spending);
In the medium-to-long term, once the technology breaks through, we think it's best to go downstream or expand actively.
Inward production capacity, the demand for membrane sedimentation and corrosion equipment will also expand, thereby benefiting the Mid-Medium Division. We also believe that if asml eases export restrictions on the Mainland, the country’s crystal mill will be more actively involved in building advanced production capacity, which in turn will benefit the membrane and membrane deposits of the membrane company.
Investors have a better understanding of home-grown storage chip companies, or there's a breakthrough in home-grown storage chip technology, a rise in the market share: in the area of storage chip, due to the current lack of large national-producing listed companies and the start-up phase of national production of dram and Nand storage chip, we believe that China-Micro is storing it.
The potential of a chip is either underestimated by the market. The capital costs of a storage chip company and the demand for equipment are also considerable, and this is an area where positive developments, either at the fundamental or market levels, will either be catalytic.
With materials (amatus/not rated), Tokyo electronics (8035jp/not rated), etching and sedimenting equipment suppliers, such as the lyn (lrcxus/not rated). If the export restrictions on such companies are increased, we believe that it is better or better for semiconductor equipment companies in the interior, such as China and Micro.
The core view: In our previous report, we mentioned that in the domestic semiconductor industry, advanced process techniques were developed.
The upgrade, and in the downstream expansion maturation process logic chips and storage chip process, is expected to benefit the national production semiconductor readiness company, focusing on the rise in demand for corrosion and sedimentation equipment by the logical circuits in the pursuit of advanced processes in the thematic report and in the first coverage report of North China.
We believe that, in addition to advanced process logic chips, technological advances in national production storage chips will increase the demand for etching and sedimentation. In the case of a Nand flash chip, unlike a logical chip that pursues geometry and upgrading, Nand ' s technological advances aim to increase the number of stacking layers under 3d conditions.
The complexity of large-scale manufacturing raises the technical requirements for corrosion and sedimentation equipment. As our country’s 3dnand product approaches the world’s leading 232-story level, we predict that the country’s national production will be 9% or 9% in 2025.
We believe that China and Micro, by virtue of its technical advantages in corrosion equipment, or by benefiting from the technological advances of national production, are either the products of the company's thin film deposition equipment or are being catalyzed by this positive factor, enriching the product and increasing the volume of the product.
The storage structure is more complex, the national memory is catching up and the storage structure is more complex. In our view, in the case of Nandflash, the technological upgrade is directed towards, or can be grouped into, the following three areas: 1) increasing capacity through 3d stacking; 2) increasing individual storage by adding individual storage.
In contrast to the latter two, we believe that 3d stacks seem to be the most important direction for development in Nand. Using the three-star electronics that make up the largest market in the world, in 2013, the three stars took the lead in achieving a 24-storey v-nand solution.
In 2015, the industrial mainstream reached 48 floors. In 2018, storage firms produced 96 floors. In 2019, 128 floors became the new standard, with technology accelerating significantly. In 2020, all three storage plants announced the launch of 176 floors of 3dnandflash.
In 2022, three major original plants gradually breached storage on more than 200 floors, marking the conclusion of 200+ layer technical nodes. After 2h25, Tristars or 290 layers of Nand technology were used, 12 times as much as the technology of 2013.In this process, the main single storage unit capacity was dominated by three bits (i.e., tlc technology); in contrast, it was built.
Nodal technologies have evolved in recent years from 1 x nanometers (corresponding roughly to the logical chip 30-19 nanometres, physical size or different) to 1v (equivalent to advanced 10 nanoprocesses). The updated frequency of these technologies is much less advanced than the development of 3d stacks.
As the number of storage stacks increases, so will its demand for etching and sedimentation, we will specify in the next section the demand relationship between the 3dnandflash stacks and the corrosion and film depositions.
China’s inner-field producers have a remarkable catch-up situation, and we've managed to store the Yangtze River (unlisted) in 2016, focusing on 3dnand flash plans, manufacturing, and marketing. Its autonomous Xtacking technology has significantly increased storage density, i/o speed and velocity.
Reliability, which has evolved to the fourth generation, supports the speed of interfaces up to 3.6 gt/s and achieves a breakthrough in qlc lifetime and performance. In 2017, the company announced 32 floors of nadflash to be tested, to be levelled by 2020, and to rise directly to 232 floors in 2022, to achieve the first-stage technological synchronisation capability.
In particular, we note that since 3dnand development is driven mainly by stacking layers rather than by process node upgrades, this invisible helps the chain of national production to compensate for the relative technical weakness of the lighting machine. And, as we have discussed below, the national corrosion and sedimentation equipment is catching up, or it can help the national nod production.
Five major international manufacturers occupy the global Nandflash market. According to the latest data from Trendforce, the tristar electronics and sk groups (including sk Hercules and solidigm) continue to maintain their share of the Nand market.
In the last two years, kioxia and flashy/west data, respectively, have also taken over 10% of the shares. Sk Hercules and think are in the same group, different in business, and sk Hercules products tend to be pro-ai.
And the data centre market, dram and nand chip, is the leader of hbm technology; and thinking about the main production, enterprise and consumer level, ssd. West data (westerndigitalcooperate (wdc)) was acquired in 2015 and then formally split into two independent companies in 2025, and she's going to focus on flash.
The share of Chinese inland manufacturer Yangjie has been increasing. It is worth noting that, according to the Trendforce data, the share of “other” producers has risen rapidly from 4.3% of 4q24, in addition to the five major international producers.
8.6% of 1q25, we believe that this is mainly due to an increase in the share of the Yangtze. Among other producers, we estimate that the share of the world’s Nand is stored in the Yangtze River, from 4.0% of 4q24 to 8.3% of 1q25, and we believe that the trend towards domestic supply chain autonomy has created favourable conditions for the development of the Yangtze.
Medium Micro Inc. (688012ch) has a different storage unit than 2dnand horizontally, and 3dnand has a circuit structure that rotates 90 degrees vertically, so that only one layer of 2d structure is available on a crystal grain (die)
The main advantages of 3dnand are: (a) to increase the storage density of the stored chip; (b) to have a relative 2dnand or faster speed of reading and writing as a result of the way in which 3dnand is organized more effectively; and (c) to have a lower energy consumption and higher reliability of 2dnand.
Figure 17: Structure of the 3dnand storage unit Figure 18: Complex and overstretch structure of the 3dnand chip
Storage stacks drive higher-end etching and higher demand for film sediments compared to the previous 2dnand technology, which we believe will increase the use of film sediments and corrosion devices on the one hand, and on the other hand, the requirements for precision and technology on equipment and these.
The demand for the quantity and quality of equipment needs will increase with the increase in the number of 3dnand layers. While there are differences in manufacturing technology between different manufacturers, we believe that the basic steps are very similar and have a similar impact on the demand for equipment.
The technical level of the corrosion and deposition equipment and the ability of the crystal circle plant to apply the etching and deposition equipment. The light engraving is relatively small in the manufacturing process of 3d hand. We find that 3dnand adds one layer to each or: at least two additional membrane depositions and two more etching processes;
(a) The area of multiple membrane depositions (part of the membrane thickness of 10-20 atoms) will be increased accordingly, and the requirements for evenness of the membrane sediment will be increased accordingly;
We summarize below the 3dnand basic manufacturing process and the (a)onon (oxide-nitrice-oxide-nitricde) stacking of sedimentation/carving equipment.
Accumulating oxides (oxide) and nitrogen (nitricide) with each additional layer, i.e., a layer of sediment, oxides and nitrogen. Nitrogens are generally considered to be temporary (sacrificial) and replaced by tungsten material during the subsequent process, which is the line of the memory (wordlines, wl) control poles.
(b) Storage passage (morarychannelcylindricalhole) etching: When the base stack of nand is completed, deep puncture is very technically demanding for the carving machine and the aperture is generally small
At 100nm, industry generally sees a need for a better depth ratio (aspectratio or heterogeneity). As the number of layers increases, and given the constant size of the aperture, the engineers want the depth of the pier to be larger, so they can support more layers (3dnand storage units). But the depth is higher than the reality.
And it's harder to reach, because it's in the process of vertical extension, and it can destroy structures horizontally. In terms of international leadership, with its technological advantages, only three-dnand products (like 176 or 280 layers) of the tristar electron currently use a single stack of technical routes, i.e., a single etching drill through the entire 3d.
Nand architecture. And other overseas suppliers, including sk Hercules and the Man, use multi-store technical routes that reduce the depth ratio requirements during each etching. But the need to add more layers of bitline, bl to the subsequent process adds to the overall complexity of the manufacture.
With its accumulation in etching for many years, China’s leading 60:1 deep-wide products were developed in 2021, and it is expected that 90:1 products will be developed later. Among the international leading har (highaspectratio) etching equipment suppliers, Tokyo’s electronics and pan forest may advance to an internationally advanced level of 100:1 or higher.
Flat. From this point of view, there is a technical gap between semiconductor equipment suppliers in China and the advanced world, but the gap is decreasing; (c) material deposition within the storage corridor and hardmask deposition
In preparation for the next step etching, the engineers were mainly placed at the top of the stacking material on the top of the top floor of the top layer of the hardmask, mainly to protect the body structure of the chip stored during the etching process.
Specifically, in order to reach the structure on the right side of figure 17, the nitrogenide that is deposited in step (a) (which will then be replaced by tungsten material) is the control grid (controlgate). Within this layer of nitrogen, a layer of oxidation (known as blockingboxide) will be deposited, which is used to isolate the inner layer of nitrogen that controls the pole and stores the charge.
Nitrogens measured in blockingoxide are known as chargeheads (chargetrap) in the three-star electrons and masters' technical circuits, and flashlights as floatinggates, where the amount of water stored represents the value of the information. For example, in slc (singlevelcell) techniques, a storage unit is stored.
One bit, a large charge is considered to be “0” and the other is “1. New technologies include mlc (multiplevelcell), tlc (triplevelcell) to qlc (quadruplevel cell), where two to four bits of information can be stored separately depending on the amount of charge.
This layer of nitrogen is inside another layer of oxidation, known as tunneloxide. Our storage channels, which increase in size as the number of layers increases, require a very high degree of uniformity in sedimentation. In particular, for MSMEs (688012ch)
Tunneloxide, the innermost layer of material, which is often very thin (a quantum mechanics transfer is matched by a wired voltage), generally less than 20 atom diameters, so the requirements for membrane, evenness of sedimentation equipment, etc. are enormous. Finally, engineers add a layer of sio to the storage channel.
Cylinder structure, mainly to maintain the main structure of the channel; Figure 20: More corrosion of the (d) step structure than 2dnand, 3dnand
The main step is that the Nand structure produces staircases, etching materials at different depths from the outside. Here, etching, simply, is the process of removing parts of hard masks/nitrogens/oxidants from plasma. To achieve the staircase type, the memory is carved more often than the internal structure.
Multiple. The storage requires an additional depth of etching for each additional layer, and for oxides and chlorinators, different etching techniques are used, so that each additional layer of nand is or will be added twice to the (e) slit etching.
To form a separate storage unit, a crack etching divides the previous entire storage structure into different areas controlled by each line (this unit is called page). The different pages are separated by cracks. Here, under the protection of the mask, the storage unit is engraved in a parallel direction to the finger line.
(f) Metal tungsten deposition filling. This step is mainly a dry etching of nitrogen (green) deposited alternately in the previous (a) step.
This process, in our view, has a high level of demand for control and sediment accuracy control in the corrosion area.
The recent successful development of a film deposition product for tungsten metal material is recognized by the client.
(g) bitline (bl) connection The last step in the manufacture is to add a finger line for reading and writing numbers on top of the Nand memory and to use the same tungsten material as the font material to have the finger line and the line on the steps. The finger line will be read in the course of the reading.
The numbers in the memory units activated by the field read out, and in the process you write the information that you carry by changing the charge charged in the memory unit structure (generally chargetrap or flooringgate) to enter the information into the memory units of the rows.
Summarizing the above steps, we find that for each additional layer of Nand structural stacking, the manufacturing process adds two depositions in (a) steps; for (d) steps, two etchings; (b) the depth width of deep puncture in the steps increases; (c) the sediment area of the film increases in the steps and the evenness of the sediment equipment increases; and (f) the metal tungsten sinks in the steps.
The increase in the area of accumulation has increased the requirements for the performance of sedimentation equipment.
Core view: We believe that SME's corrosion equipment products may have a competitive advantage in our markets, and that their ccp products have started earlier in the country. They also benefit from the deep accumulation of core technical staff on the irp product, which has also grown rapidly in recent years.
From the technical point of view of the two etching devices, the company is not only leading in China, but is also touching on the field of advanced processes overseas, by raising deep width ratios, developing single-dual-reaction stations, and developing strategies such as ccp carving machines that can regulate the distance between electrodes.
In 2024, the central ccp and icp accumulated more than 4,000/1,000 units, respectively, bringing a total of $7.28 billion. We think that icp's output is increasing or higher than ccp's in 2025. We predict that ccp/icp will increase in 2025 by comparing China, China, and the North (002371ch/purchase), and we believe that platform models and franchises
There is a great deal of competition between the firms. Crystal mills often require two or more suppliers for the same type of equipment, and there are prospects for enterprises with different types of semiconductor equipment, including MSMEs.
In recent years, corrosion equipment has grown rapidly as a basic plate for the semiconductor equipment operations of MSMEs, with their technological capabilities upgraded and their downstream home-grown crystal-crystal plants continued to grow. SME etching starts with high-energy etching products ccp (capacitively coupledparmama, capacitated plasma).
ccp products are used mainly for media material, for extensive downstream orientation to logic, storage, etc. According to MSMEs management, MSMEs enter the ccp field, mainly because of the proper division of labour between the start-up phase of the national production equipment of Uttar Pradesh, which is the main domestic rival, and the first focus of the etching.
icp (indirectly coupledparma, electro-sensor coupling plasma). The icp technology is generally used to carve lower chemical keys, such as silicon and metal materials. Market size, 2024, ccp and icp are similar in size.
Although the focus was first on high-energy etching ccp equipment, MSMEs described that the company’s leading technicians, including ceo Yoon Ji Yoo, had a deep experience of studying the icp equipment in their careers. An in-depth understanding of the icp enabled the company to increase its research and development and marketing of the icp product in the near future.
Over the same period, the total number of ccp installed was from more than 1,100 in 2020 to more than 4,000 in 2024. In our view, MSMEs are developing tracks in the area of etching or just in line with North China's etching business.
Complementarity, the latter cuts first from the icp etching equipment into the market, and then completes the development of the ccp equipment. In 2024, the total revenue from the northern Chinese corrosion equipment exceeded $8 billion, while the Chinese company reached $7.28 billion. We estimate that in 2024 they together accounted for about 25% of the total semiconductor etching equipment in China and China, from a certain point of view.
At the same time, we believe that while there is some competitive relationship between the two, the most important competitor of the two is still the overseas market. For now, overseas companies still occupy more than 70% of the domestic market, each of which is marketed through the development of new products.
It is believed that the overall domestic production of semiconductor equipment is limited and that competition among domestic producers is relatively good. In 2024, in terms of volume and unit prices (asp) of products delivered, MSMEs emit 908 sets of corrosion equipment, with a asp of about $8 million each. We estimate that in 2024, of the corrosion products, ccp was delivered in large quantities.
In terms of sales in 2025 and beyond, based on management guidelines and orders in 2024, we believe that the volume of cp shipments will increase at or above the speed of ccp in 2025.
The price of the icp unit is or continues to be slightly higher than ccp. In terms of income, we predict a share of ccp/icp ' s income in 2025 of $5,144.47 billion (totally $9.7 billion). We believe that the gap or further decrease between the two, irp ' s or more than ccp ' s revenue in 2026 and 2027, respectively.
Figure 24: Medium and Medium ccp sales are rising steadily
The technological advantages and product characteristics of SME's corrosion equipment suggest that, while MSMEs' semiconductor etching products were sold in mid-2024 at a slightly lower level than the North, MSM's technical capabilities on major product lines such as ccp are leading the country.
There's the technological power to enter the international front-line customers (mainly power builders) from 65 to 5 nanometers and other advanced integrated circuit processing to manufacture production lines and state-of-the-art sealed production lines, which may be seen on one side as the country's leading technology in the etching field.
We summarize the advantages and development directions of microscopic ccp and icp etching devices as follows: for icp and ccp products, increase the etching depth ratio: as we have mentioned in the discussion of the 3dnand manufacturing process above, the hyperthromatic width is relative to etching.
3d-like stacking processes are essential, and with the widespread application of advanced encapsulation technologies, the depth-wide etching also plays an important role in manufacturing such as Tsv (troughsiliconvia). According to our research, while there are 160:1 etching machines at the academic level, industry has done so.
It is generally agreed that 100:1 deep width ratio or has reached global leadership. Since the 20:1 deep width ratio for the second generation of ad-rie products, MSMEs have basically maintained the process of upgrading products every 3-4 years.
xd-rie90: 1ccp etching machine, or expected to deliver to customers this year, close to international advanced levels; single-dual reaction counters, with a continuous increase in the etching performance of two sets: for ccp and icp etching machines, the company has worked on the development of a complete series of 15 plasma carvings in the past nearly 2020
Erosion equipment, with a large amount of chip production line and customer validation data. Based on multiple ccp and icp dual-reaction table etching devices, companies have continued to innovate to further boost the internal etching performance of single-simple crystals to reduce the difference in etching between the two stations to Jae.
, which further expands the applicable process types of the two-stage machine and reduces the system of the process resulting in the successful development of ccp corrosion machines for the regulated electrodes: ccp corrosion for the regulated electrodes, which mainly targets the integrated masses widely used in the production of logical devices up to and including 28 nm.
The tan etching process. We believe that the ability to regulate the concentration distribution of plasma and active free radicals can be flexible through the powerable polar spacing function, thus effectively responding to the problems that may arise in the same etching process in achieving the best grooves and puncture etching homogeneity, which greatly widens the integration.
Medium and Micro Co. (688012ch) Process windows and process capabilities for the etching process. Regulating electrodes spacing can increase the efficiency of the etching process and avoid multiple etchings under the same technology; or is complex in the same process.
Improved etching accuracy, etching rate and production capacity: The etching accuracy has been a key indicator for measuring equipment performance, and MSMEs' products have increased in recent years in this key performance.
For example, the processing accuracy of two devices twinstar, which, according to China Micro, can be engraved to 0.02 nm. At the same time, it reduces the cost of manufacturing a single piece of crystal, helping clients to meet the demand for high-density storage chips and effectively reduce their use of chips.
Sino-micro vs. North China: Erosion into high-end markets, platform-type and special-purpose equipment, respectively, in our first coverage report on the former North China initiative, we mentioned our positive view of the global and our semiconductor equipment market. Globally, we expect global semiconductor equipment sales to continue to be secured in 2025.
For the domestic market, on the one hand, we differ from the market's widely held market for semiconductor equipment in China or from the expectation of negative growth in 2025 (the main reason is that before capital expenditure on mature process capital in previous years, we believe that China's market share for semiconductor equipment in China is rising, while imported equipment is in the middle).
The share of semiconductors in the interior has shown a downward trend, and we estimate that from 91.8 per cent in 2015 to 2024, we found that, on the one hand, part of the downstream logic of electricity, high utilization of circuit crystals, signs of recovery in the demand for cars and industrial terminals, and strong product asp even.
On the other hand, the price of storage rose to varying degrees after 2q25, and the rise in the supply of domestic production became apparent. Finally, the state-owned advanced process was not as efficient as the high demand for artificial intelligence chips.
While MSMEs management has been committed to transforming MSMEs from a single corrosion equipment supplier to a fully integrated platform semiconductor equipment company, we believe that the current revenue structure of the company and the investor's right to pay the price for the cost of the company.
According to the company’s general perception, Sino-micro is still a semiconductor equipment company that sells corrosion equipment. In terms of market competition, the market for semiconductor equipment in China’s interior has seen the emergence of a platform-based equipment company, represented by the North’s original product matrix, and the presence of Sino-micro companies (engineing and partial).
Equipment companies with a large market share in specific areas, such as sedimentation, technology (primarily film deposition), China’s Shanghai (wet cleaning) and Central Science Flying (calculation testing), etc. Return to market focus: Platform or Special Equipment?
There has been a consistent tendency among investors to prefer platform-type companies (e.g. application materials (amatus/unrated)) and specialized companies (e.g., asml (asmlus/unrated) for the main light striker), as well as a larger share of etching (lrcx) for semiconductor equipment companies abroad.
Some investors argue that one-stop purchases by platform-type companies, with different equipment between downstream customers, may be decomposable linkages that can help to create synergies and improve production-line efficiency.
According to one, platform-type companies or future directions. And another group of investors think the trend is quite the opposite. This group of investors believes that a crystal mill is strictly demanding for every piece of equipment, that is, that each piece of equipment picks the best supplier, while a dedicated equipment company wins the competition.
The continuing improvement of the system, and we observe that the discussion of which type of company for platform semiconductor equipment and special equipment can get market share in our market more quickly also appears in the focus on the investment of North Chinese and China micro companies, which, in general, require two or more suppliers for the same type of equipment.
A manufacturer that has an advantage in a particular equipment may use its technical or even value-for-money advantage. We believe that the percentage of each particular equipment purchased or based on the technical capabilities and prices of the individual manufacturer may be the same.
Apart from the light-engineing machine, all equipment can be seen at the same time as platform semiconductor equipment companies and other non-platforms.
In this context, we believe that the power of the platform company has highlighted the fact that the market share of North China has increased at or below the industry average. At the same time, considering the core of the corrosion equipment in the entire semiconductor equipment field, we are looking at how much of the equipment is being used to support the development of the technology.
In bits, by increasing the technical capability of the corrosion equipment or by helping to improve the productivity and efficiency of the crystal mill, we are also looking at the medium-sized market prospects. As we will be talking about later, MSMEs are actively developing the very high-value membrane-sed equipment in the equipment and have demonstrated the ability to develop the stronger membrane-sedible equipment, which has been successfully developed.
40 different types of membrane deposition equipment with high market potential, six types of equipment have been successfully marketed, and the membrane deposition equipment, including tungsten metal, has contributed since 2024.
From a client's point of view, Sino-China and North China have both covered the main crystal-crystal mills and idms in China and China. We have previously estimated that 40% of semiconductor equipment sales in China and China are crystal-crystal plants; 25% are storage plants operating in the form of idm; 18% are backtrack processors such as sealing; and the rest are power.
Idm, among other things. In addition to Chinese and Chinese semiconductor companies, SME has successfully cut into China’s Taiwan’s advanced path line, which also highlights the competitive advantages of the company, while making the target more diversified in the client region.
Medium Micro (688012ch) Medium Micro Co. (688012ch) explores the market for membrane deposition and volume detection, or becomes a new engine for income growth
Core view: In addition to corrosion equipment, we believe that the market for membrane sediments is expected to be another major engine for corporate growth. In recent years, the company has increased its investment in membrane sedimentation, with tungsten gold coming in 2024, and the nitrified titanium (tin) continues to be opened in 2025, following the entry of the sediment products into the Nand market in Central China.
Ald, new markets such as titanium (tiai)ald and tungsten metal deposition equipment, or more in 2025. We predict that the medium-sized membrane deposition equipment will be based on $156 million in 2024 and 2025/2026.
By studying the company’s epi product development, we believe that the company has the potential to continue accelerating the replacement of overseas equipment in the film deposition business. Mocvd products are sold or subject to terminal market fluctuations, but considering that the company may be listed after 2025.
We will continue to focus on the development progress and recovery potential of the company’s newly developed volume-testing facilities. The membrane sediment operation is well-paced, and the size of tungsten and metal cvd/ald has expanded.
Depending on the difference between sedimentation materials and process requirements, the membrane sedimentation equipment may be divided into pvd, cvd (also divided into photo-assisted cvd, thermal cvd, plasma cvd or pecvd, etc.), ald, epi etc. Specific sedimentation equipment may be classified by reference to our previous reports of North China.
In strategic terms, the development of membrane sedimentation equipment is strategically coordinated with another domestic semiconductor equipment that it invests in. In the current product area, Mesocent is concentrated on metal related membranes, including metal lpcvd and ald and extended epi equipment.
According to the company, by the end of 2024, the company had developed six metal membrane deposition products, and nearly 40 more were under development. Of these, the tungsten deposition product of the tungsten series of tungsten by MSMEs: cvd (chemical phase deposition) tungsten equipment, tungsten (high depth width ratio) equipment and tungsten equipment at ald (atomic layer deposition) were available.
The tungsten material deposition application in the cap storage device. As we mentioned earlier, the tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten sediment plays an important role in the manufacture of the 3d nand, mainly to fill the gaps left by nitrogen nitrides Sediment into the conductor tungsten material (the purple portion of figure 19) serves as the line and control fence of the 3dnand system.
In 2024, the company confirmed its revenue of $156 million from tungsten metal deposits. The company has developed a series of metal grid products for advanced logical devices: titanium helium (tin)ald, titanium (tiai)ald, and nitrogen (tan)ald products, which have been validated by various advanced logical customer devices.
According to the company, ald can meet the requirements of advanced logical customers for the uniformness of the equipment, pollutant control and production efficiency, or represent the world’s advanced levels. We believe that ald involves deposition at the atomic level, and the process accuracy is required to be higher in the film deposition equipment.
Products such as tialald, which began to contribute to the company ' s revenue in 2025, with the main clients being the National Crystal Circle Factory, etc. In terms of production and unit value of the company ' s film depositionsasp, the company did not separately disclose the sale of the film deposition until 2023 due to its smaller production. 75 film deposition equipment were produced by the company in 2024, 19 were sold and 19 were still in stock.
We were able to calculate that the membrane sedimentation equipment was about $8.2 million. In 2024, we received a new order of approximately $476 million, combining the strategic layout and product road map in the membrane sedimentation area, given the increasing abundance of the company's products, taking into account the sedimentation needs mentioned above or the rise in the production capacity and structural complexity of the country's 3dnand production.
This is further enhanced, as well as the demand for sedimentation equipment driven by the upgrading of the national production logical circuit system. We therefore predict that the membrane will be deposited after $156 million in 2024, with the company ' s membrane being deposited or having the maximum capacity of 75 or more. Considering the company ' s membrane sediment product line, it is further completed.
Well, we're predicting more than 110 recognized revenues in 2026, while predicting the steadyness of the film sediment productasp with case analysis: MSMEs entering the market for epi and technological innovation long-crystal equipment (commonly called epixxy) is used to add the required semiconductor to the bottom of the line.
The equipment can be used to grow silicon or compounds such as arsenicated thorium (gaas). The company’s epi equipment research and development team has developed and produced it through basic research and the adoption of technical feedback from key clients.
There are autonomous intellectual property rights and innovative platforms, including pre-processing and expansive response cavities. By the end of 2024, the company’s epi equipment had successfully entered the customer end-production certification phase to meet the demand for volume production of the silicon growth process in the client’s advanced process.
According to the company's management, traditional pi equipment is monopolized by two American businesses. One of the companies (we think or for application materials) uses an arc cavity design of an epi reactor that is going to cover the area above the long crystal.
Designed as an arch, the advantage of this design is that the reactor can be better designed to control heat-effect parameters such as temperature; and the disadvantage is that the flow level of the gas in the reaction cavity is not comparable to that of the system.
Another company, b, we think, or the forest, uses the technique of strengthening the cavity, i.e., the external form of the reactor, to strengthen the flatness. The drawback of this design is that the light distribution (as the main heat source) is influenced by a more flat shield, or by the heated heat of the different reaction parts; the advantage is that the air is in the reactor.
The micro-medium team, by combining the design advantages of the two companies’ pi devices, has adopted an innovative, bilayered cavity system, using an arc-like cavity in the outer layer, and designing a circular flat under the cavity.
As a way to improve the performance and efficiency of the epi operation, we believe that the company has demonstrated strong research and development capabilities and innovative capabilities for new products, which may further open up the company ' s lpcvd film deposition product for tungsten and tungsten metal media in addition to tungsten and tungsten metal.
The external sediment product line provides a solid foundation. Innovation in the submersible equipment class is expected to be another growth point after the high-end diversification of ccp/icp. mocvd and volume detection or long-term growth point.
mocvd, after two years of fluctuations, or will recover growth in 2025, is a form of film deposition, and due to historical and operational divisions, MSMEs separate this component of operations from other film deposition operations (including pecvd and ald, etc.)
Separate statistics. Unlike the primary application of meso- and meso-engineing equipment such as logic and storage, mocvd equipment is mainly used on optical and power devices, which are the core equipment for the current extension of the compound semiconductor material, which is also called the class semiconductor.
In terms of technological trends, mocvd equipment was previously used mainly in the manufacture of blue light led for common lighting and backlight displays, as well as in the use of different led products such as mini-led and micro-led for high-end displays, UV-led for sterile and air purification. As the pattern of mocvd products has diversified, mocvd applications have been applied in recent years.
In power electronics, there is an increasing number of scenarios. The acceleration of the process of nationalization of both led and power electronics has provided for a higher market share of medium-sized mocvd products in optical and power applications, but in industry, in recent years, both optical and power-power applications have been applied.
Led and more advanced Mini-Led and Micro-led have experienced demand fluctuations as the trend of residential office slows down. Automobile and industrial groups have been in stock cycles downstream since the 2022/2023 application until recently (2q25).
Due to the industry climate, after a high point in sales in 2022, the medium- and micro-mocvd business showed a downward trend in the number of stations and unit prices for the second year in a row, and the mocvd business income of 3.79 in 2024, but according to the company mocvd matrix, the product continues to fall in different new applications of optical and power electronics.
Specifically, the company provides a leading solution for production of different sizes with the prismod-blue and prismoa7 items of dry blue light. Of this, the prismoa7 equipment is already in the lead in the global nitro-nitrochemical market. The high-temperature mocvd equipment for deep ultraviolet light.
Production certification and duplicate orders have been obtained from industry’s leading clients for deep UV-led use. The mocvd equipment for Mini-led production, prsmounimax, has begun to scale production on the leading client.
The company's mocvd business is projected to resume growth in 2025, reaching $520 million. Equipment for the extended production of silicon carbide devices is being developed, and a prototype is about to be tested on the client side; and new mocvd devices for micró-led applications are on schedule.
With the new products of the company in the micro-led and carbonated silicone devices that landed after 2025, and the subsequent positive layout of power devices such as silicon carbide and nitrous thorium, we believe that income or follow-on detection tools were generally applied to crystal round processing (forwards) and encapsulation testing (forwards) in the integrated circuit industry in 2025 and beyond.
process. The process detection equipment primarily ensures good production rates of integrated circuit production lines and quantitatively monitors production equipment to provide the basis for the equipment's acceptance and security. The main measure detection tools include the use of optical and electronic beams, and x-ray tests. The area to which the medium is cut is the use of electronic beams in the front process.
Detected equipment. Backtrack process equipment focuses mainly on the functionality and performance of offline products. Market size, based on Vlsi data, reached $12.83 billion in 2023 for the global semiconductor detection and measurement equipment market, with the global semiconductor manufacturing equipment as a ratio of semiconductor detection and measurement equipment to that of the global semiconductor.
About 13%, after corrosion equipment, membrane sediment equipment, and light engraved equipment. The average annual compound growth in the market size of semiconductor detection and measuring equipment in the interior of China was 26.6% between 2020 and 2023, similar to the overall semiconductor equipment market, where industry grew at a lower rate in 2023, with no growth of 9% recorded in 2024.
The round factory demand has recovered further, and the market is projected to pick up at an accelerated rate in 2025 to an annual size of $6.1 billion. In terms of competition patterns, the main measurement equipment suppliers abroad include kla-tencor (the semiconductor, kla us/unrated), application of materials and yen.
The overall market share of the domestic territory is over 70% a year, with the highest rate in the city of kla-tencor, exceeding 50% of the global and Chinese market share. In recent years, China’s interior has seen the emergence of firms like Chinese Flying Surveys, Shanghai Precision, etc., that have been monopolized by foreign investors prior to their gradual penetration in different areas, including optical and electronic beam testing.
At present, micro- and medium-sized detection equipment is dominated by electronic volume testing, companies have invested in and formed subsidiaries, they have set up mass-testing equipment plates, and subsidiaries, Microcorps, have introduced many of the best international electronic beam detection facilities, experts and leading personnel in the field, with more than 10 years of experience in the development and commercialization of electronic beam equipment.
There are plans to cover a wide range of detection equipment products. Although still in the research and development phase, we believe that micro-checking equipment will start to generate revenue in 2026 or later. As semiconductor equipment, there are relatively few companies in the interior that focus on detection equipment, although it is still in the start-up phase, with little or no impact.
Synergy of equipment such as etching, opening the market and taking advantage of overseas suppliers, including kla-tencor
Figure 41: Medium and Micro Company Equity Structure Figure 42: Introduction to Medium and Micro Company Management Medium and Micro Corporation (688012ch)
Critical person risk: key management figures play a key role in the company ' s R & D, operation, production process, and whether some key individuals can serve the company for long periods of time, and have the capacity to provide a comparable successor or the key to whether the company can sustain growth over time;
Investment-related risks: the company invests in other semiconductor equipment companies in China and the Mainland, on the one hand, benefiting from investment or exposure to market and industry fluctuations, and, on the other hand, we believe that the company is involved in investment target zero market demand risk: capital expenditure and expansion of production by our crystal mills and led extension manufacturers are at or below rate
(c) Human resource risks: new technological developments demand for innovative talent, hardware and arithmetic development
Long-cycle, labour market in short supply, and how to maintain a relatively high level of incentives for employees to maintain the integrity of the workforce or human resources at the end of stock-holding restrictions; Technology development risks: key sedimentation and corrosion products R & D or less than expected, semiconductor manufacturing processes and human resources
Technological upgrading, research and development by companies or failure to keep pace with technological developments; Geodetic risk: the security of markets and raw materials in the context of geo-factor environments and trade uncertainties, or failure to meet the company's needs to develop its own technology;
Supply chain risk: upstream raw material costs or increases affecting Māori rates and other profit expectations.
Silver International, Vanjie Building 9th floor in Hong Kong.