Qingdao beer (600600) food beverages, 100-year-old beverages, rain, structural upgrades and windfalls, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: 1 - The initial development of the preponderant pattern of the beer industry, the shift in the industry logic from volume to price, the benefits of consumption upgrading and manufacturers taking the initiative to optimize the product structure, the continued rapid growth of high-end products, and the expected 10% compound growth in the industry's high-end beer harvests over the next three years. 2 or 100 years of history.
Strong brand power, a well-developed product matrix, channels focused on the three main market strategic belts, advantage channels in tandem with high-end progress, and profit pools are expected to expand from the Shandong region to the north of the country.
• Demand supply is two-wheel-drive and high-ends are turned into the main lines of the industry. 1. Beer production has been falling year by year, with cagr being around 5% in the last five years, and per capita consumption has stagnated. In the context of stock games, the industry has moved into a period of upgrading. 2. Demand-side benefits from rising consumption trends and differential beer demand have been highlighted; supply side benefits from a strong alcohol industry.
Research and development inputs and resources continue to be tilted toward medium- and high-end products, and the transition to higher-end industries is just in time. It is expected that the industry’s high-end and bureaus will initially develop, with a clear oligarchization trend, with cr5 reaching 90% and intra-industry competition becoming more rational. Liquor companies will continue to operate at RMB/t, while the international beer giant Asia-Pacific average will remain at RMB4500-8,000/tonne, compared with the remaining domestic tonnage.
Brands, products, and channels combine to contribute to the high quality of the brands. Benders are determined to implement strategic transformation swords at the high end. Brands: 100-year-olds of national brands have a strong base, and four are well marketed.
Three years of cagr, with a long-standing high brand value of industry, were 9%. At the end of the product: the product matrix is rich, the two brands of Qingjia + Yayama cover the various groups of consumers; the high end transition has been rapid, with a high/medium/low end annual compound increase of 4.4%/0.2%/-0.9% for beer sales in the last three years; and the high end product continues to grow at a steady rate by the head of the company.
At the end of the channel: focus on fostering niche markets, establishing the ring east base market ring plus strategic belts along the yellow coast market, where companies lead the city along the Yellow Ribbon, Shanxi and Hebei, with more than 40%; and the optimal structure of products in the coastal market.
• Corporate performance will continue to increase: 1; product structure upgrades: product plus cost + high-end output with high-impact power at three ends; high-end product sales will contribute only 23% in 2020; large numbers of low-end products will need to be upgraded to medium and high
High end-growth + low-end product upgrading will result in a significant increase in performance elasticity. 2. Optimization of inefficiency: companies drive high performance elasticity. 3. Increased tankization rate: long before peer-to-peer tank capacity in the company business, 2020 tank production has passed by 2 million tons, and companies have set a target of "50% in five years."
The increase in the rate of canning drives higher profitability. Given the company’s future success in upgrading its product structure, improving its operational efficiency, sustaining its performance, giving the company a good high-end transformation, with a rapid increase in its brand of two traditional major brands, represented by the all-meat beverages.
Annual sales of the company's brand name beer class grew by 8.6 per cent, 4.0 per cent, 3.5 per cent, a 3.5 per cent annual increase in the price of tons, Māori 2)) Although the industry has become more sophisticated and low-end beer sales have continued to decline as a trend, the company still has other branded beer on the yellow market and the Shandong base market, which accounts for more than 45 per cent of total sales, raising the company's market position along the yellow market.
Supply base. The company’s low-end product structure is steadily moving forward, while the rate of canning continues to rise to low-end beer.3 The company’s sales cost reduction has yielded significant results since 2017, while it has optimized its post-production capacity since 2018, and it is expected that the efficiency of the company’s operations will continue to improve and that the cost rate is expected to decrease marginally.
The market believes that the business logic of the traditionally thin-saled beer industry has failed, that beer companies will speed up the production of low-end beer, focusing on high-end branding, and that future performance gains will depend largely on sales of high-end products. We agree with the market’s judgement about the industry, but future performance growth in the beer industry will depend not only on high-end products: 1)
A successful upgrading of the structure of low-end products would release a lot of profit elasticity. From marketing structure analysis, the share of low-end products in high-schools was 23%, 27%, 50%, while the high-end transformation of beer businesses could not be supported without the support of waist products, using low-end products to capture and sell in absolute markets in the north of the country, and leaving a huge gap for the company to upgrade its product structure in the future.
While companies focus on the effectiveness of cost investments in high-end processes, a good balance has been achieved between overall sales costs reductions and maintaining a high-end beer campaign.
On the other hand, the company continues to optimize its production capacity and improve its efficiency while releasing the profit space that has been squeezed by depreciation. 3) The increase in the canning rate will increase the performance of the full range of companies. The beer at the hearing does not simply reduce the cost of transport per unit of product, but will also be of great benefit to the overall product structure.
In terms of competitive advantages at the product, channel and brand ends, the company’s profits are expected to increase by around 24 per cent over the next three years. 3) There is a continuing high temperature during the summer; 4) sports events such as the European Cup contribute to the growth of beer sales:
1) Risk of a second outbreak of a new coronary disease. The new coronary virus is at risk of re-emerged in the country.
Together with the rapid capture of high-end market shares in China's business, or the faster pace of adjustment of the Bermuda Channel, high-end market competition will move towards white heat, higher-end product sales or less than expected, while spending is forced to accelerate, squeezing corporate profit margins. 3) The risk of rising prices of raw materials.
The price of beer as a commodity more affected by upstream price fluctuations in raw materials, if the price of raw materials continues to rise, the firm’s cost ends will be under greater pressure, making room for profit, or facing significant crowding. 4) The risk of competition for alternatives. Other low-level alcoholic beverages, such as prearranged cocktails, alcohol soda or alcohol-free beer, are new.
A hundred-year-old history of beer sales, which inspired the release of energy, Qingdao's beer was founded in 1903 and has now become the best-selling domestic beer business, both within and outside the country.
There are currently 60 liquor factories with capacity all over the country. The company has a national brand, Qingdao, and regional brands, represented by Qingshan. The company has an absolute advantage in the Shandong region, long-term deep-deeping along the Yellow River, and has a very high product profile in coastal cities.
Qingdao's beer is effectively controlled by the Qingdao City State Finance Committee, with a cumulative share of 32.51%. In 2017, Qingxing Group paid HK$6.6 billion to gain 17.99% of the share from Japan's Qingzhi beer and became public.
In February 2020, the All-Star Partnership was elected as a non-executive director of the company, and strategic cooperation between the two sides will continue.
Equity incentives are on the ground, with clear objectives. The corporate restrictive stock incentives plan was published in March 2020. A draft was proposed to award 13.5 million restricted incentive shares to a total of 619 people, including directors, executive directors, company executives, and other core managers, middle managers, and core cadres.
The company achieved a net profit of $2.2 billion in 2020, and the first restricted stock was successfully unlocked and given incentives. Since then, the growth rate of the company’s revenues has declined, rising by 28 billion yuan in 2019, a 5% increase compared to 2020.
The elimination of inefficient output began with a 19% increase in corporate net profits from 2017 to 2020, with a significant increase in net profits compared with the increase in revenue and a significant increase in profitability. The epidemic affected the company’s ability to control fees, resulting in a net return of $2.2 billion in 2020, a significant increase of 19% compared to the previous year, and the epidemic became a sculptor for the company’s overall ability to operate.
Industry analysis: high-end trends are in place and the masturbation pattern is becoming stronger 2.1 Industry development cycle: industry is entering maturity and the incremental logic is no longer the history of 2.1.1 Industry: from barbarism to transformational upgrading
The beer industry has now reached maturity, production has fallen year by year, and sales have been weak. Since the reforms were opened, the beer industry has been divided into the following four stages of development: 1) the rapid growth period 1978-1995: benefiting from the increase in the purchasing power of the residents after the reforms were opened, and the state's response to beer.
Industry policies have supported the construction of new beer factories throughout the country, which have grown on both sides of the supply and demand, and the number of Chinese beer producers increased from about 100 to 813 between 1978 and 1988. On the one hand, the rapid expansion of the Chinese beer market helped to make some of the local wine factories stand out in the process of nationalization; on the other hand, local protectionism affected the government since the 1980s.
Restrictions on intra-industry mergers and acquisitions and competition in the market have in part impeded the natural development of the industry. (2) The 1996-2006 period of national expansion: regional giants with certain powers began their national expansion path: in the meantime, foreign capital giants also started their domestic beer mergers and acquisitions through the Chinese “accession” wind of 2001.
Not only can the buying of local wine factories and beer companies quickly upgrade their capacity, but they can effectively marry their products to local liquor companies for many years. Qingdao's beer, Huayun beer, has completed the acquisition of 44 beer companies from regional dragons during the year, and in 2006 it has risen to the top of the country to counter-overweight on green beverages.
3) The 2007 - 2013 industrial consolidation period: this period has accelerated the pace of the growth of the production capacity of small and medium-sized beer companies, which, after many years of consolidation and acquisition, have formed five major groups, mainly Chinese beer, Qingjia beer, Bewway beer, Yinjing beer, and Gasper wine, with a pattern of nesting. At the same time, small and medium-sized beer companies have suffered large losses.
The pace of integration has accelerated. While there has been some volatility in the production of beer in enterprises during this period, production in the industry has continued to rise, reaching an all-time peak of 49,83 million litres in 2013. 4) The transition period 2014-to-date: China ' s beer industry has been able to decline year after its peak in 2013 and the domestic beer market has been able to do so year after year.
The growth of total assets in the beer industry has declined sharply since 2014, and businesses have slowed down blindly to expand their production capacity. Moreover, years of price-sawing and expansion mergers have led to low overall profitability and efficiency in the industry, with businesses facing a “big but not strong” dilemma.
From the period of the transition from growth to profit-seeking, giants have been able to upgrade their transformations through high-end upgrading, restructuring of products, and clean-up of inefficient production. The profit boom in the beer industry has been declining since 2018, maintaining a positive growth for two consecutive years. In 2019, the industry achieved a profit of $44 billion, an increase of 10% over the previous 10%.
2.1.2 Status of the industry: demographic structure and consumption shocks, industry moves into a stock game; population ageing is increasing, and beer has little room for growth. The amount of beer, which is characterized by a good mouth, low alcohol content, etc., age, has been on the decline, with beer-intensive consumers facing contractions.
Per capita consumption in China is above the global average, but there is still a gap between Japan and Korea, which is close to the level of literacy. Per capita consumption of beer in the country has stopped steady as a result of a health consciousness and other beverages.
Beers have grown in China for decades, penetration rates and per capita consumption have reached a certain level of bottlenecks, and future changes in beer consumption will be influenced mainly by changes in population structure and consumption habits. On the one hand, healthy drinking, the concept of alcohol, has become a new consumer, and consumption habits have gradually shifted to “less alcohol, good wine,” and on the other hand, beer is used as a beer.
Traditional alcoholic beverages, whose living space is faced with a double-wheel drive of demand for wine, pre-arranged cocktails, alcohol-containing bubbles, and other alcoholic beverages, with a high-end transition at the end of the 2.2.1 demand: consumption upscaling + current drinking driving, imported beer widening demand
With the rapid growth of China’s economy, there has been a marked improvement in the country’s consumption capacity. In 2020, all urban residents of China had an additional 42,000 yuan, with an average increase of 9.5 per cent in their disposable income for the last 10 years; in 2020, the average per capita expenditure on food, tobacco and alcohol was 7733 yuan; and in the last 10 years, the per capita consumption of food, tobacco and alcohol by urban residents had a compound increase of 5.6 per cent.
The rising standard of living has not only increased the purchasing power of consumers in choosing beer, but has also led to demand for high-quality beer, with a marked upward trend in consumption. The current drinking channels are stable, contributing to the high-end transformation of beer.
About 50%. The share of current sources of drinking affected by the epidemic declined in 2020, but is expected to stabilize at 50% in the long term as vaccination coverage and the domestic epidemic continue to improve. In terms of profitability, night-time channels are dominated by the sale of super-high-end beer, with a premium of 100-200%; catering channels are dominated by the sale of medium- and high-end beer, with a price increase maintained.
40% to 100%; by contrast, the main non-current sales of low- and medium-end beer are below 30%. Currently, alcohol companies in the country are working to open up high-end sources of open drinking, such as Joojiang beer, which is a variety of in-depth collaborations around the cultural and creative garden of euphoric beer, and have set up five fine-breed beer study halls: Qingjia beer has officially operated more than 200 greens of 1903 throughout the country.
In terms of consumption, domestic consumers are not only less price-sensitive, but also value brands. The way alcohol products are consumed in China is still dominated by passive or extra-dinner social sharing, i.e., the consumption scene.
So consumers can accept high price increases in high-end restaurants or at night, and have a higher demand for beer brand value. The share of Western-traditional active personal enjoyment consumption has also increased gradually in recent years, but has not increased in a flash, with consumers having higher beer in their own self-serving consumption scenes.
Precise beer, with its longer fermentation time and a sense of diversity, stands in sharp contrast to the traditional industry of radle beer, which is used by domestic consumers for long periods of time. It has landed in the country since the beginning of the twenty-first century, and has developed and expanded over more than a decade, generating a considerable degree of consumer awareness and demand.
In 2009, fewer than 10 beer-making firms had reached 2,000 by 2019, and in the last decade there has been a rapid growth in the industry. Domestic beer-breeding consumption has been rising year by year since 2012, accounting for the bulk of beer consumption.
Figure 24: Breathing beer consumption and share of beer in 2012-2019
For the period 2012-2016, the five-year capgr was as high as 69%. On the one hand, beer was used as a product of modern industry, and on the other hand, beer had a natural “high-end” awareness in consumers; and on the other hand, the domestic beer market had a long-standing taste list.
With the effect of imported beer catfish, domestic beer businesses have been up and running in recent years on product matrices and high-end layouts. The overall industrial transformation is now going well, and the volume and amount of beer imported has been declining for the first time since 2019.
2.2.2 Cost end: The price of the package continues to rise, structural upgrades are responsive, raw materials account for a larger share of the cost of beer production, and traditional low-cost production patterns are unsustainable. Beer companies have a heavy asset, high turnover, and low-end beer has a smaller margin of profit, so they are accustomed to using scale effects to boost sales
In order to maintain profits and spread the cost of fixed assets. The total cost of disassembly beer production is about 32% of the total cost. Packaging is about 50% of the cost of production, while malt and rice are about 23%, which together accounts for about 73% of the direct cost, so that the final sale price of beer is more sensitive to changes in the price of raw materials.
In the recent history of the two industry price increases, individual companies have been passively raising prices for raw materials. The 2016-2017 period was influenced by government environmental enforcement and supply-side reforms, which forced a number of small and medium-sized package suppliers to shut down, and supply shortages caused prices of key raw materials, such as tiles, packaging glass, and beer.
Businesses generally raise prices due to cost pressures; 2018, as a result of global barley cuts, imports of barley have increased by more than 20% on average, and industry increases have reappeared. Traditional low-end beer sales have low unit prices and profit margins, and the price sensitivity of target consumer groups is high, making it difficult for beer companies to shift their price increases directly to upstream costs at the end.
It allows liquor companies to increase the profit margin for beer monolithics to accommodate upstream price fluctuations. 2.2.3 Supply end: technological innovation can be optimized, policy slash is high-end, technology renewal and R & D inputs can be used to protect high-end transformational transformations.
In a missing link, beer production can be divided into wheat sprouts, brewing processes, and beer canning three steps, using better raw materials, and more advanced fermentation processes, which can significantly improve the taste and quality of beer. There are now a number of intensive research and development efforts to strengthen beer technology and product reserves, and to provide escorts for high-end transformations.
In the southwest, for example, the pure products of beer companies have now become the backbone of the line of high-end products at a high price of $8 to $10. Unlike common beer, which uses high-temperature microbicides, the pure process uses sterile membrane filtering of bacterium.
Heat damage to the fragrance of beer has been avoided on the basis of maintaining a long shelf life. Pure beer, first produced in the country by Joojiang, is now sold at about 40% of its total revenue, and Qingjia is sold at about 12% of the total. Pure beer has built up a high consumer awareness in the country.
When high-end output is laid out, the additional output matches the high-end demand. Since the industry’s peak in 2013, firms have been able to remove low-impact production from behind, but are also constantly deploying high-end production capacity to meet the growing demand for high-end beer.
In the case of Qingdao beer, only a fifth of the factories have the capacity to produce it: other ultra-high-end products, such as August and Hong Kong, can only be produced locally. Despite the industry’s overall downward trend, the beer industry is accelerating the expansion of its high-end capacity.
In terms of product structure, manufacturers gradually reduce or eliminate low-end product lines as a product-upgrading extension space. For example, when Jasper re-enters the stock market, he takes the initiative to reduce the traditional low-end mountain city brand share and replace it with the middle-end Chongqing and Leburg brands.
Head-breeding companies are also pro-optimizing in terms of their costs, such as Qingdao beer targeting their high-end products and low-end beer promotion spending. In addition, alcohol companies have increased the extra incentives and return fees for selling high-end products, and have no longer determined incentives by means of total sales.
2.3 The oligarchic effect is becoming stronger, with high-end de-productivation capabilities increasing in parallel with 2.3.1 industry concentration, which has increased from Cr5 to 90%, but still somewhat different from the mature overseas market.
Since the beginning of the expansion of nationalized M&As, the major beer taps have been working to divide the market, and since 2010 the Chinese beer industry has gradually established a competitive pattern led by the five major groups, Huayun, Qingdao, Bae Wei, Yinjing, and Kasper. From 2012 to 2020, the inter-beer industry has increased from 67% to 90%, and the front-head effect has stabilized.
The concentration of the overseas beer market is high, with cr3 generally above 80%. Because of the heavy production of the beer industry, head firms take on a huge competitive advantage depending on the size of their effects, they also tend to accelerate the integration of the industry.
In developed markets, countries such as the United States, Japan, Canada, and others have more than 80%; in emerging markets, Argentina, Mexico, and Colombia, the trend is more pronounced, with cr.3 approaching 99%. The domestic beer industry stands at around 60%.
2.3.2 In the past merger expansion, beer companies have acquired powerful local brands, thus creating niche markets throughout the country and creating a situation of male fragmentation.
Outside the local market, Huayun's beer was used to finance Sichuan's market by buying Sichuan Blue Sword beer; Qingjima's beer was taken over by buying Shanxihan's beer; Bwai bought Fujian Shenzin's beer to help establish its edge in South China; Kasper acquired Xinjiang, Usu and Chongqing beer to build stronger influence in the west; Yanking's beer acquired Guangxi Spring beer in Guangxi
2.3.3 The high end becomes the main melody, the high-end industry is fast and the medium- and high-end product share continues to rise. As the beer industry peaks and falls,
In terms of the structure of sales, the share of domestic sales of high-end/middle-end/low-end beer is now about 20 per cent/33/47 per cent. Domestic sales of low-end beer have fallen from 59 per cent in 2012 to 32 per cent in 2020, while the share of combined sales at the mid-end and high-end levels has increased from 41 per cent to 68 per cent, and the overall product balance of the industry has been reduced from 59 per cent in 2012 to 32 per cent in 2020.
The price of a ton has remained on the upward trend, and there is still room for a significant increase in the price of the bid abroad. The price of a major domestic beer dealer has increased at a compound rate of between 2 and 5% for nearly six years, and has reached a price range of $2,800 to $4,300, with an average of approximately $3,500 for the industry today.
In the Asia-Pacific region, the price of foreign beers is already between $4,500 and $8,000, and domestic beers prices are expected to grow significantly as the overall industry progresses toward high-end. As consumption rises, and alcohol companies take the initiative to upgrade the product structure, it is expected that there will be tons of beer prices at all levels.
Upwards. High-end beer sales are expected to increase by about 7% per year over the next three years, tons by about 2.3%, branding strategies are streamlined, and product matrices are new. As high-ends become industry consensus, major beer producers change in branding strategies and product matrices.
In terms of product matrices, consumer demand for personalized high-end beer has continued to rise, and the country’s past success in selling a single single product has been difficult to recreate. As a result, major beer dealers have continuously updated their high-end product lines.
To meet consumer-differentiated needs, such as the introduction of high-end beer such as Facebook series, Mars green, and the acquisition of the euphoria China in 2018, which further enriched its high-end product matrix. (1) On-line electricity suppliers and off-line convenience stores have been growing rapidly in recent years; and (2) high canning rates of Maori and alcohol companies.
Proactive and sustained increase in cannery capacity; 3) Traditional channels of circulation are seriously affected by the epidemic, with a significant increase in the share of cans represented by electricity suppliers on the 2020 line and a significant increase in the demand for canned beer. According to the mainstream beer market abroad, the rate of canning in the United Kingdom and the United States is close to 70%, in Japan close to 90%, and in Japan the global average is about 50%; it is currently based on less than 30% of the country's cannerization rate.
See, there is still a lot of room for improvement. 2.3.4 Performance is perfect when the wind of the plant is closing down, where the radical expansion builds up the capacity behind it, and where efficiency gains are the ultimate consensus. Head beerers are expanding at the same speed as the past.
There is an awkward situation of increased capacity but no more or less productive capacity, and there is a large difference in capacity utilization compared to major international players like Bae Wei Asia and the Pacific. The excess capacity accumulated during the M&A process has resulted in higher depreciation and a crowding up of profit margins. In the absence of much room left for growth in the industry, the major beer traders have opened up the road to optimize efficiency gains.
Short-term cost surges are painful and long-term profitability gains are sustained. Implementation of the closure strategy will result in a significant decline in short-term profitability in the current period in terms of asset impairment losses and large staff relocation costs; but, in the long term, depreciation and management costs will take over.
This significant reduction has helped businesses to improve their profitability and improve their valuation space effectively. For example, eight beer factories were closed in 2015 with 2016, with losses on current fixed assets being higher in terms of revenue, followed by a decline in their management costs and depreciation amortization as a percentage of revenue each year. The turnover rate of total refilled assets continued to rise steadily from 2014 to 2017.
First and foremost in the industry, the closing down of the plant cost strategy has worked well. 3 brands, products, channels, 3 carriages, growth, 3.1 brand: 100 years of starling beer taps, branding four places.
The brand name 3.1.1 has been passed for more than a century, and the reputations have been shared both in and out of Qingdao, a joint venture founded in Qingdao by the German Beers Qing Island Company, after which Japan won the Qingdao War to take over Qingdao's beer until the new China was nationalized in 1949.
A hundred-year-old national brewery, with numerous awards at home and abroad, has gradually evolved from a well-known national brand to a country’s foreign-famous card, which has been left out of its excellent beer quality and heavy brand base. In the beer industry, a powerful brand power has gained a unique competitive advantage in a time when it has gradually moved from a channel to a brand-oriented transformation.
High-quality processes and good taste are shaped by the Qingdao brand's hard power. A modern one-can brewing process based on traditional German brewing, while reducing carbon dioxide losses, increases the nuance of alcohol bubbles: unique low-temperature and long-term storage techniques, compared to the fermentation time of two to three weeks of traditional industrial beer, and about six weeks of post-cryptation of Qingdao beer.
The branding of Qingdao’s brand complements the company’s consistent high standards of beer brewing. 3.1.2 Consumer-centred branding is effective.
Beer, as a drink that young people love, will be preferred by young consumers as a top priority for branding. Firmly opening the way to rejuvenation, fashion branding, perfect integration of brand history with the trend towards innovation, and the 100-year national brand “return to old age and childhood.”
In 2019, the company launched the classic 1903 antiquity packaging, re-engaging not only the classic trademarks of the Qingjia Beers Blast in the packaging of the products of the early century, but also adding modern fashion elements to the design of the Bottle, highlighting the brand image of Aoshima's beer, which has been a “tidal” for 100 years, stimulating consumer love and national emotion. The company joined forces with Skycats to launch the Night Cat Series.
Liquor, through the publication of the carefully crafted "Nightcat's Song" and the marketing of mv, in collaboration with famous rappers, combines the image of the Nightcat that inspires emotional resonance among young people and becomes a classic case of the company's rejuvenating marketing.
The strong local brands of the region have been incorporated into their own branding system, which has contributed greatly to the growth of corporate sales. But, with the current beer industry becoming less logical, low-end beer margins have become a consensus in the industry for the centralized marketing of high-end products in resource development.
Figure 51: Change in the Qingdao beer branding strategy
Other regional brands, other regional brands.
The four-dimensional branding model is meant to be consumer-centred, through brand dissemination, product marketing, consumer interaction, and the “four-dimensional” marketing of fans, to increase the company’s close links with consumers in brand promotion. Changing traditional marketing is low for companies only by way of a unilateral export.
At the same time, it gives consumers an immersed consumption experience. To this end, the company has pushed forward the construction of various consumer interactive platforms, with more than 400,000 fans at the online level in mainstream platforms such as shivering, microblogging, etc.; sub-line companies have continued to organize various types of events, with more than 200 bars in the Qingjia area, with medium-term targets of 500-800 and long-term targets throughout the country.
In terms of traditional marketing, companies have created three-dimensional dynamic brands, “sport events, music marketing, ip names,” to invest resources from multiple angles to achieve stable output of brand value. In the context of reduced fees, advertising costs have continued to increase, and brand values have increased.
The cost of sales fell from $6 billion in 2016 to $5.1 billion in 2019, with a three-year compound decline of 5.4 per cent, but the cost of sales was excellent: 19 per cent and 11 per cent, respectively, in 2018 and 2019, respectively, and the cost of publicity for the epidemic fell in 2020. The value of the current brand rose steadily.
At the end of product 3.2: the product matrix has a strong edge, structural upgrading drives growth, and the branding of 3.2.1 is clearly positioned, and the product reserve is fully stocked.
The main brand is Qingdao + 2 and the brand combination is clearly located. A Qingdao beer has been streamlined since 2016, focusing on the “1+1” branding strategy, namely, Qingdao beer as a national brand, covering mainly mid-end and high-end products; Qingdao beer as a national second brand, covering mainly low-end beer series for the general public: while companies are targeting Qingdao's brand
The product strategy of the “1+1+n” is based on the two full-blooded + classic series of fists as the main product, leading to the co-development of other new high-end products such as August, Pearson, All Macbeth, and so on. For the Sakayama brand, the company has developed a large single product. The corporate product matrix is complete, with strong product layouts for different price bands, among them:
Super-high ends (over $12) represent products: August, Hung. The company's super-high-end sub-products are rich, and the high-end beer class is close to 20. August is the first product to be launched after high-end beer in Qingdao, which was marketed in 2010, with sales in 2020 amounting to nearly 100,000 tons, or about 3% of the company's main brand.
High-end (8-12 yuan) represents products such as Qingshima Pushen, 1903 Qingshima, and all Macbeth. Qingjia is a classic monolithic product known as the consumer and is a middle-stream pillar of a matrix of high-end products, and Qingshima is pure in the whole beer industry.
In the future, the company will continue to grow and expand its leadership. 1903 is the company’s new cap-8 price belt, launched in 2014, with a classic design and an emphasis on “1903” at the end of the century, 2020.
It is the company’s high-end beer, launched in 2015 for the high-end beer sub-groups, and has grown much faster than expected in recent years, reaching about 50,000 tons in 2020, or 2% of the main brand sales. The middle end ($5-8) stands for the product: the Qingdao classic.
The company also plans to gradually replace the middle-end Qingjia classic with other low-end branded beer. The 2020 Qingjia classic has a cumulative sales volume of about 2.5 million tons, or about 62% of the main brand sales.
Low end (2-5) represents products: Xiaoshan beer, Hans beer, silver beers. Xiaoshan beer, a national second brand for Qingjia beer, is a large single item in the low-end price belts of green beer owners. In 2020, Xiaoshan beer was sold at 3.1 million tons, or 40% of the total sales. Hans and Qingy beer, a local brand acquired by companies in Shanxi and Shandong, is in the process of being branded as local brands.
There is a high degree of consumer loyalty on the ground, with sales of 600,000 tons and 400,000 tons, respectively, in 2020, accounting for 15 per cent and 10 per cent of the sales of outside beer by the company ' s main brand.
Since the high-end transition in the year, the upgrading of high-value-added products, represented by listening and brewing beer, has been accelerated. As a result of the epidemic, high-end products continued to perform well in the first half of 2020, when the drinking channels, such as high-end restaurants and night-time restaurants, shrunk.
The share of the main brand beer sales also increased rapidly from 28% in 2010 to 46% in 2020, the company ' s high-end transition is positive, the share of middle-end products is slightly lower, the share of lower-end products is stable, and there is still room for upgrading the product structure. Consumers at the $5-8 price band for the product have higher demands on beer quality, and their purchasing power is better than that of the price.
In the promotion of high-end beer, a large number of potential high-end beer consumers have been transformed by the upgrading of the original mid-end beer target group, with medium-end products suffering a drop in the share of high-end beer. On the other hand, more than half of the low-end beer, companies take passive price increases, such as changing packaging and listening instead of bottle, and actively push forward.
At the middle and high end, the share of proceeds continues to rise, with more than 60% of the revenue contributed. The company’s main brand includes products that are located in the middle and above, while other brands include local brands such as Sakayama, which have low-profile local beers. In 2020, the main brand registered $17.25 billion, a decrease of 1%, and a three-year compound growth rate of 3%; and other brands registered $10.90 billion, a decrease of 1% over the same period.
According to the collection structure, in 2020, the main brand contributed 70 per cent more to income than the other brands, almost the same amount as other brands, showing that the dominant brand, dominated by medium- and high-end, is significantly more profitable than other, dominated by lower-end brands, and product structure optimization has borne fruit.
Since 2017, with the introduction of the “1+1” dual branding strategy, the company has continuously optimized its product structure and gradually replaced other low-end brands with medium- and high-end Aoshima brands. The company’s overall tonnage is from $4447, far above the industry average, close to the Bwai Asia-Pacific tonnage.
The overall Māori ratio is expected to remain high as the main brand ratio increases as companies move forward with the product structure. The rate is declining: the increase in Māori rates in 2016 was evident because companies acquired Shanghai Investment Corporation, and the trading model was outsourced.
The paradigm shift to internal transaction-led operating costs has been significantly reduced; while corporate Māori rates have been heard and marketing costs associated with circulation channels have been reduced in 2018 due to general increases in upstream raw materials, the company ' s high-end beer has maintained a high rate of growth, driving the gross interest rate to 40.4 per cent in 2020.
3.2.3 The product structure upgrade path is clear, the increase in the tank rate is driven by higher profitability, and the product structure upgrade will be the main driver of the company’s future performance growth. At a time when the industry is entering the stock age, the future profit-end growth will depend on the company’s upgrading of the stock product, given that the overall volume of sales is unlikely to have significant incremental space.
In the future, the overall product structure will be upgraded in three ways: high-end expansion, low-end upgrades and canning rate increases: \triangleright
Product, cost, and energy. Future high-end release time: 1) end of product: companies continue to roll out new products perfecting high-end product matrices to meet the growing diversity and individualization needs of consumers, with a total of 22 new products, 33 in reserve products in 2020; 2) end of cost: increase in cost tilts on high-end products, with about 90% expected associated costs of marketing, incentives, etc.
High-end beer will be placed: Channels will strengthen the examination of high-end sales by distributors to encourage distributors to sell high-end products with targeted returns. 3) End-of-life: sustained increases in high-end production capacity to match growing consumer demand for high-end beer, with high-end output being the majority of the new output in the public sector. In 2021, the company’s high-end sales are expected to outpace 10%, the main product is expected to be sold at a high-end rate of 10%.
High-end share continues to raise overall tonnage prices. Currently, the company’s high-end beverages, represented by August, classic 1903, have reached about $7,000-$8,000 in the area of alcohol prices, which are almost equal to those of the international beer giants, such as Bawei and Gasper, who have matured markets abroad, but the company is burdened by a huge volume of low-end beer sales, with a total ton price of only about $3,500.
The price level is in the third place in the domestic beer industry, with an increase of about 30% compared to the international beer giant Asia-Pacific tonnage. Based on the sensitivity analysis of the tonnage to the net return profit, if other terms remain constant, the corporate net return profit is expected to double to around $5 billion if the overall tonnage rises to the level of the international giant.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright, although high-end has become the dominant industry trend, for the national beer industry, high-end transformation takes three to five years
In the short term, low-end products will continue to maintain high sales volumes: 1) consumer loyalty to local brands is high and low-end products are concentrated mainly in regional brands such as Kushan, Hans, etc., forming a large number of loyal consumers; 2) low-end beer consumption is dominated by high price sensitivity among groups, demands for beer quality are far lower than required, and forced price increases will result in large consumer flows
3) The company sells low-end beer mainly in the north of the country, with a per capita income lower than in the more economically developed regions of China’s East and South. The company uses indirect price increases for low-end product structural upgrades, i.e., replacement of bottled and non-deflated prices.
Low-end product upgrades contribute significantly to profitability, and the potential for upgrading is not negligible. Other corporate brands increased their profitability by 2 pp to 27.5% in the same year in 2020, and low-end product profitability is continuously improving.
Sensitivity analysis for the net profit of the mother, while maintaining other relevant conditions, has become a key factor in the profit enhancement of the beer business if the increase in other brands in 2021, the increase in the tank rate, which is driven by higher profitability, is significantly better than the increase in the bottle.
See, the cost of a single pullable can is about 0.5 dollars, and the cost of a single glass bottle is around $1, but after seven to eight recyclings, the cost of a bobble is no different from that of a puller. But at the end of the sale: 1) the price of a tank is higher: the price of a first-tier dealer listening to a beer is about 20% higher than the price of a bottle, and the price of the two is higher, at about 30%, within a terminal such as a convenience store; and it is in circulation.
Canned products in channels can be removed for sale at a listening price of almost 15 per cent higher than bottled beer at a container price; 2) bottled receipts are relatively low: bottled beer needs to be deducted from the price given to distributors: 3) canned transport costs are lower: beer at a lighter weight, transport at a lower cost and easy to store: 4,000 boxes of bottling beer and 7,000 boxes of listening weight
The combination of factors is about 15-20% higher than bottled beer, and the current interest rate is around 35% for bottled beer hair in the industry, while the rate for canned beer is close to 50%. The company's canned layout is early and has a clear advantage.
It can be divided into three directions: 1) hearing magnification: traditional hearing capacity is 330 ml, which is slightly smaller than traditional bottled wine capacity of 500 ml, and the company ' s recalculation focus is shifted to a big 500 ml bottled beer, with higher profit contributions; 2) whole product line coverage: the company currently produces tons of capacity and cans exceed 70%. The company ' s canning layout is clearly earlier than the main competitor, and in recent years the company has captured it.
The opportunity to facilitate the rapid growth of shops and evenings has taken up a large share of the market for stevedoring alcohol in kas and circulation channels. The production of stevedoring products has steadily increased, and canning has led to a profit release period. With overall sales down by 3.7% of the company in 2020, the production of stevedoring beer is about 2 million tons, an increase of 5.7%, compared to the current rate of canning at about 25%.
3.3 Channel ends: Channel strategies are wide-ranging and market-focused, “all-round” and 3.3.1 channel strategies: “Big customers + micro-operation”, adapted to local conditions. Companies now have about 60% of their drinking channels and easily upgrade their product structure.
In comparison with the industry, the company ' s current drinking channels are above 50% and 55% on average. In the current drinking channels, beer products are more expensive and consumer prices are less sensitive and more conducive to the optimal structure of the company ' s products.
The company channel model can be classified as “intensive”, “mixed” and “sole” by market maturity.
In niche markets with over 60% of the city, where the capacity of large individual customers is insufficient to cover the entire market demand, firms use deep distribution modes to work with a large number of distributors, including large customers, i.e., “intensive” channels. In medium-competitive markets with 30-60% of the city, companies use “mixed” channels, and companies are more sophisticated in interfering with distributors.
There are fewer markets, for example, where the number of distribution terminals is more than 50% higher for a single two-package. For the initial market, where the city accounts for less than 30%, companies use the “one-source” mode to upgrade the product market to one-size-fits-all model, drawing on large firms' own marketing resources and regional advantages.
Distributors can sell all in their own region - select a number of small distributors, in accordance with the specifications - depending on the dealer's ability, in accordance with the region's full product
or by exclusive product distributors may choose to pass through two batches - bulk distribution or direct supply
Distribution or direct supply to consumer terminals - distributors own management systems and operators - distributors start forming their own business teams.
and assumes the full range of sales and logistics functions
The company is responsible for market planning and branding and marketing.
The large customer model means that companies, in marketing, actively select and nurture customers to become large customers in a given region, and reduce the investment of corporate sales personnel and sales costs by taking advantage of local resources such as capital, manpower, and social relationships.
For example, the regional offices require district agents to visit marketing terminals on a regular basis and complete feedback tests to effectively strengthen corporate control over channels. Since 2008, the company has formally established the “Hot + Micro-Operation” model, which has been followed to date, and has traditionally managed more sophisticated large-scale businesses and micro-levels.
Companies, while focusing on traditional channels, have long focused on emerging channels emerging from the Internet and are actively developing their layouts. As early as 2014, companies have taken the lead in opening official platforms such as the Treasures Kingdong.
Fong Flagship, the same-year-old Qingdao Beers Official Business City, has become the first Chinese barber business in the field of mobile shopping. In 2015, the company went online and established the first o2o platform for the beer industry.
According to the Qingjia Liquor Consumption Report 2017/2018, issued by the United Tokyo Institute for Economic Research, Qingjia beer has been placed for the second year in a row at the top of the sales of beer on the Jingdong platform: the Chinese Association of Market Information Surveys.
Quarterly beer online market analysis shows that Qingdao's beer sales ranked second in the first quarter of 2019 for 500ml on the first quarter of the year, and third in total sales. Companies are constantly meeting the rapidly changing consumption demand of consumers in the Internet age by opening up new channels through active innovation.
Since 2017, the company has been overhauling the examination system for high-end upgrades, mainly in the form of: (1) a breakdown of sales: from a previously low-end, middle-end, high-end, and ultra-high-end four-stage appraisals; (2) precision of costs: phasing out cost support for low-end products and strengthening high-end testing.
On the other hand, the company has gradually streamlined the number of distributors, down 7% from the same year in 2020. Individual distributors increased their sales by 5% from the same year in 2020, and their operations were further optimized.
From the top to the bottom, regional distributors break down all levels of distribution.
Sub-distributors • Sub-programping of products — marketing activities
Distributors' specialty. No marketing to distributors on a quarterly basis.
3.3.2 Market strategy: Base market protection, with a sharp and sharp focus on niche areas. As the beer industry’s competition pattern has stabilized, it has moved over the length of the cycle + to more than one point, the flower-style national expansion strategy is no longer adapted to the current situation, and the industry seeks to move from sales to profits.
The strategy for focusing on regional markets focuses on developing areas of traditional advantage. By building a strategic belt along the Yellow River along the coast, a “one-size-fits-all” strategic market is built. The yellow belt consists mainly of traditional strong northern markets such as Gansu, Shaanxi, Shanxi, and Hebei: the coastal strategic belt includes long-term coastal markets such as those in Chinadong, South China, and the Southeast.
In a situation where there is little room for industrial growth, companies have made timely adjustments to market concentration, concentrating resources on traditional areas of advantage where market access and market dominance have prevailed, leading to competition in the beer market, which is now entering stock games.
As a deep-street base market, Shandong has contributed more than half of its core base market and its sales. Shandong is the first province to produce beer in the country.
In 2019, beer production amounted to 4.84 million tons, or 13 per cent of the country’s beer production. In 2020, the company sold 5.14 million tons of beer in Shandong, earning $18.3 billion, accounting for 56 per cent and 66 per cent of the company’s total sales and revenues, respectively.
Profitability is high, leading the process of high-end diversification. In 2020, the mountain east region’s tonnage was 3505 yuan/tons, up 1% from the previous year and higher than in other regions; the Maori rate was 35.2%, slightly higher than in other parts of the company. In terms of profitability, Shandong achieved a net profit of 1.3 billion yuan in 2020, contributing 59.6% of the net profit, and was far more profitable than in other regions.
In terms of product structure, the high-end beer in Shandong is about 5%, and the combined medium- and high-end product is about 33% of the total sales. As companies improve their product structure optimally in the future, it is expected that profits in Shandong will continue to rise.
Low, with obvious cost advantages. With a small beer sales radius, local chemical plants can effectively reduce high transport costs; 2) brand end: local consumers have a high degree of loyalty to Qingdao brands and foreign brands are difficult to counter them; 3) channel end: a deep-deep farming base where the market can effectively control investment in distributors and sales costs for decades.
The price increases are usually carried out in the base market, and then gradually spread to the surrounding provinces and cities. In Shandong, the price of low-end products has risen by almost 20% since 18 years.
In the future, Shandong Market is expected to provide greater support for high-end transformation of companies and product structural upgrading.
The “yellow” market belt includes the Yellow River cities of Gansu, Shaanxi, Shanxi, and Hebei, the company’s location for many years, its capacity-building, access control, etc. In 2019, the region achieved 3.8 million tons of beer, a decline of 3% from the previous year, and its share of the country’s beer production remained stable.
The company was ranked first in the major cities of North China, where it established a strong market competitive advantage at about 80% and 55% of Shanxi, respectively. The volume of sales was second in place, and there was still a wide room for optimization of the product structure.
With the company’s market strategy focusing on yellow cities, the north of the country is expected to move from a dominant market to a profit pool market. In terms of sales structure, the north of the country achieved 1.89 million tons of sales in 2020, representing 20% of total sales, and a compound increase of about 10% between 2016 and 2020.
Alcohol supports a low-end branding ratio of about 80%. If companies replicate their experience in transforming low-end products from Shandong markets along yellow strategies, under a firm’s high sales base along yellow, it is expected that the successful upgrading of the structure of the North China market will release the company to strengthen the penetration of the Northeast market and take the initiative to attack it. Huayun beer has increased the penetration and erosion of Shandong markets in recent years.
The northeast market, the heart of Huayun's beer, is more than 50% in the three provinces of Heijiyo. In the face of the Huo Yu attack, the company has accelerated its operations in the northeast, growing at about 15 to 20% in the northeast for the last two years, and in the northeast, the company sold about 7 to 8 million tons in 2020, accounting for the total volume of sales.
The company’s excellent performance in the north-east is largely explained by the increase in Chinese prices in recent years in the north-east: (2) the company’s use of intermediate-end products against the lower-end markets of its rivals at a relatively favourable price; and (3) the high-quality production capacity of the East of Itoshan, with an advantage in transport costs and product quality. Future sales in the north-east are expected to reach 1 million tons, with the city’s share expected to rise to more than 20%.
The company’s coastal strategic belt includes the sea’s core river, the river Yu Soo, and the coast’s Fujian and Guangdong. The five coastal governorates produced a total of 10.3 million tons of beer in 2019, representing the national production.
The high per capita income of consumers in coastal cities is very positive for leading firms to advance the process of high-levelization, and therefore the alcohol competition is intense in China. In terms of market patterns, companies have an absolute advantage in Shanghai at 71% of the city, and in Jiangsu and Zhejiang cities, but there is a smaller gap with other brands. Huayun's beer is more than 50% in Anhui and Jiangsu cities.
Fort-King is the heart of the Budweiser beer, with a city share of about 58%. The product structure is well upscaled, with a profit-making drive. Companies in the coastal market are based on medium-to-high-end products, and low-end beer has been phased out of the coastal market belt.
From 28.24 per cent/22 per cent in 2017 to 16.18 per cent in 2020, the three main coastal zones as a whole fell by roughly 17 per cent in two years.
The coastal market belt strategy, coupled with a good product structure based on the middle and high end of the coastal zone, foresees a significant upswing in the company ' s future levels of profits from the coastal market.
In mid-2018, two factories were closed down, in 2019 the company closed down three factories in Zhejiang Tai County, and in 2020 the disease affected the company ' s response to a national call to suspend the plant. In the future, it is expected to continue to close part of the southern region ' s low-impact mini-depreciation losses, which have risen to 1.412 billion yuan, respectively, and the dismissal benefits resulting from the dissolution of the labour relationship have risen to 0.5/060 million yuan.
The efficiency of operations continues to improve, and the cost of closing down the plant is beginning to show. After inefficient output, the depreciation of the company’s machinery and equipment is reduced by 1812/852 employees and salesmen, respectively: 780,000 per capita income is generated, an increase of 6% over the same period.
Four cost controls have had a significant impact, earning capacity can be seen, a decline of about 4% since the start of the fall, and companies have been very effective in controlling the cost of sales. By comparison with industry, in 2020, companies had sales costs that were lower than the same national beer taps, but far higher than the regional giants rebuff 11% and zirconium 11%.
At the level of 13%, there is still room for improvement in corporate sales costs. In terms of management costs, major liquor companies, including companies, are at a relatively low level, while Huayun's beer has become more expensive as a result of the aggressive approach of recent shut-downs.
The net return on assets reflects the efficiency with which the company operates its own funds, as well as its ability to manage assets, financial controls, and profits. Four firms in the industry are selected for comparison: Chinese, Bwae, Yanjing, and Joo River, with annual net return on assets since 2016.
The rise in the net interest rate of sales has been growing steadily. According to splitroe, the rise in corporate roe has been largely net of sales gains.
Rates of increase are driven by a slow decline in total asset turnover and a steady increase in equity multipliers. Net interest rate increases in sales have largely benefited from: (a) the successful upgrading of the structure of high-end products in the company, with the dominant brand beer making a significantly better net profit than low-end beer; and (b) company cost controls have been effective, controlling sales costs since 2017, while companies have gradually shut down their inefficient output and fees since 2018.
There has been a marked decline in spending and a steady improvement in business efficiency. 1) The company’s high-end transformation has been smooth, with a rapid increase in brand-new high-end products, represented by all wheat and white beverages, and the traditional two major brands, Qingjia Pure and Classic 1903, will remain relatively competitive and well marketed within the industry.
Disruption of current drinking channels affected by the epidemic is evident, high-end beer sales have declined slightly, and, with low base effects, it is expected that 2021-2023.2)) Although high-end sales of low-end beer have continued to decline as a trend within the industry, companies still have other branded beers that account for over 45 per cent of total sales along the yellow market and in the Shandong base market circle, and bring high-market sales to companies along the yellow market.
Supply base. The company’s low-end product structure is steadily moving forward, while the rate of canning continues to rise to low-end beer.3 The company’s sales cost reduction has yielded significant results since 2017, while after-product capacity has been optimized since 2018, and it is expected that the company’s operating efficiency will continue to improve in the future, with marginal cost rates expected to decrease.
The top six companies in the domestic beer industry were selected as a reference for the valuation of Qingshima's beer, of which Liquor, Bwai and Qingjia beer were already nationalized, and Chongqing beer was also a preliminary step after Kasper's assets were injected in China.
The company, as the second-largest leader in the market, has taken the lead in the industry, and in recent years, China has been under intensely profited by the pace of the plant’s cutbacks, but the market is generally of the opinion that Huayun has been able to implement its vast marketing base and efficient strategy.
In terms of industry averages, 2021-2023 takes into account the company’s current product structural upgrading, the continued improvement in operating efficiency as a result of the build-up of controls, and the steady rate of canning 1) the risk of a second outbreak of a new crown outbreak. The new coronary virus is at risk of re-emission in the country, and now the drinking channel is high after the company is restricted.
The market risks are less than expected. If other beer taps increase their investment in high-end markets, such as the successful smoothing of Chinese beer and the rapid capture of high-end market shares, or the speed of the Bermuda channel adjustment, the high-end market competition will go away.
As a result of the global economic recovery and the widespread implementation of loose monetary policies, commodity prices continue to rise. Beers are a commodity that is more affected by upstream price fluctuations, if raw materials rises.
Continued, companies will be under greater pressure at the cost end of the business, with profit margins or marked crowding. 4) Alternative competition risks. Other low-level alcoholic beverages, such as prearranged cocktails, alcohol sodas, or new alcoholic beers, such as un-alcoholic beer, will rob large numbers of consumers of beer demand, sales by companies or less than expected.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.