Double-digit growth in revenue, financial technology re-emerged. Business and industry banks reported an increase of 4.89 per cent in net profit returns in 2019 (a growth rate of 5.04 per cent in the previous three quarters).
The annual weight of roe 13.05% (14.30% in the previous three quarters) showed a 74bp drop in the same year. \triangleright was one of the biggest bright spots in the year, with the industry downing from 1.52% at the beginning of the year to 1.43% at the end of the year, with the ring dropping by 1bp.
The provision coverage has increased significantly from 176% at the beginning of the year to 199% at the end of the year, and the ring has increased by 1 pct. Back to the safe zone.
\triangleright’s half-year interest differential performance was weak, mainly because of the decline in loan returns. One loan and the return on public loans was stable, but the discounting of instruments and the return on offshore loans decreased considerably, and the rate of return on loan-led loans decreased by 5 bp from the first half of the year.
The interest rate on deposits is 2 bp more than in the first half of the year than in the first half of the year. But if you look at general lending pricing alone, the industry does quite well.
\triangleright's annual cost of 23.28 per cent, 3.27 pct more than in the previous three quarters, with a small impact on the q4 battalion.
In November 2019, the company released the eco-system of the ecos Smart Bank, which provides cross-border cooperation on the api open platform and the financial ecological cloud platform. On the basis of revenue collection and profit stability, the addition of large-scale scientific and technological inputs will facilitate the company’s ability to pre-empt the industrial transition.
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,