Business banks act as domestic champions with sound and stable company operations. Companies have high-quality customer resources, and corporate integration enhances customer stickyness and improves customer aggregate returns.
▪ Strong performance stability, optimized integrated business-for-income structure Robust performance, fee-for-service income as a percentage of upgrading The Bank increased its net profit by 4.89% per year in 2019, similar to the previous three quarters (5.0%).
At present, corporate revenue has increased by 10.5 per cent over the same period, down 1.6 percentage points from the previous three quarters. In line with industry trends, the net interest income of the 4th quarter has slowed down as a result of four-quarter interest differentials. In terms of fees and fees, while the 4-quarter revenue has slowed slightly, it has slowed down compared to 2018 (4.1 per cent) throughout the year.
This has had some impact on China’s revenue, but we believe that, with the start-up of the industrial finance business, the closing-class business, and the structural transformation effect, the rate of increase in workers’ fees will remain stable in 2020. Four quarters of interest differentials will be reduced, with asset end-of-end returns falling.
At the end of the period, based on our caliber measurements at the end of the period, the interest spread of the company dropped by 1 bp in the fourth quarter over the third quarter. Of this, the rate of return at the end of the asset (7bp) was higher than the rate of improvement at the end of the liability (5bp).
Prudent risk preferences add to the four-quarter downward pressure on asset-end rates of return. At the end of the debt, we believe that low market-based interest rates in a loose liquidity environment and corporate initiatives to optimize the deposit structure are important factors in a four-quarter interest-paying-liability ratio down by three quarters.
At the end of the fourth quarter, the industry had a negative rate of 1 bp to 1.43 per cent below the end of the third quarter, and the percentage of loans of concern was 2.71 per cent at the end of the six-month period. According to our calculations, the company had a negative annual rate of 0.9 per cent for the first quarter of the fourth quarter.
The absolute value ring is 30 bp above the third quarter, but the absolute level is still low in the industry, and we anticipate that it will be largely influenced by economic downward pressure. Given the firm’s tightness and its superior public resources, we believe that the risk to the quality of the company’s assets is manageable.
The downside of the economy caused the deterioration of asset quality beyond expectations.
The Bank of Commerce and Industry published its annual report for 2019, with a net profit of +4.89 per cent in 2019. Total assets of 30.1 trillion yuan (+8.70 per cent, yoy/-1.04 per cent, qoq).
In terms of business performance, corporate revenue increased by 10.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis and slowed by 1.6 percentage points compared to the previous three quarters, with net interest earnings and interest differentials having a narrow impact, and net interest earnings in the industry slowing down in the fourth quarter. In terms of revenue from fees, despite a slight slowdown in revenue from fees in the fourth quarter, the rate improved from 2018 (4.1 per cent, yoy) and led to an increase of 3 percentage points in the year compared to 2018.
But we believe that, with the development of the industrial finance business and the effectiveness of the restructuring of the clearing-type business, in 2020, the increase in the fees and fees of the industry will be stable. Low-risk loans will account for a higher share, putting down time deposits.
On the retail side, the firm's “retail” labels are sharp, with no advantage and client resources laying the foundation for a company's retail strategy. In 2019, the company continued to increase its retail credit lending, which accounted for 56% of the new credit, while retail lending rose by 1 percentage point to 38.1% at the end of the half-year comparison.
In terms of retail credit structure, the share of low-risk mortgages is high (80.9% and 2019). In terms of public operations, companies are rich in public resources and better in terms of quality credit for the public customer base.
Client resources and integrated financial services have also provided the industry with an outreach advantage, with companies increasing their annual deposits by 7.33 per cent and deposits by 83.8 per cent, but with a decline of 1.67 per cent in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, which is mainly due to a decline in time deposits, a narrow four-quarter time deposit and a lower asset-end rate of return.
The end-of-cycle rates ranged from 11bp to 1.76%, with savings rates ranging from 14bp to 1.59% as compared to the previous 2018 due to higher-cost term deposits, but the trend shows a significant slowdown in the cost of deposits in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year (1.57% of the cost of deposits), which we believe largely benefited from adjustments in the structure of corporate deposits.
At the end of the period, the company’s four-quarter interest margin was reduced by 1 bp over the three-quarter period. Of this, the asset end rate of return (7bp) was higher than the increase in the end-of-debt cost (5bp). At the end of the asset, whether the lpr reforms were advanced, the regulatory lead entity financing costs were reduced, or the company’s own prudent risk preferences increased the downward pressure on the end-of-asset rate of return.
Low market fund interest rates in a loose liquidity environment and corporate initiatives to optimize the structure of deposits are seen as important factors in the cost of four-quarter interest-paying liabilities, as compared with the downside of three-quarters.
At the end of the 4th quarter of the industry, the negative rate ranged from 1 bp to 1.43 per cent down in the 3rd quarter, and the ratio of interest-type loans was 2.71 per cent at the end of the 6th half-year period. The firm ' s badness was determined to be a strict loan/bad rate of more than 90 days. According to our calculations, the company ' s negative annual rate of production was 0.9 per cent for the 4th quarter and 30bp for the 3rd quarter, but the absolute level is still low in the industry, and we expect the 4th quarter to be a bad one.
Given the firm’s tightness and high quality of public resources, we believe that the company’s business bank is a leading player in the country, and that the company operates robustly and with strong performance stability. The company has high-quality customer resources, and the company’s integrated operations enhances its customer stickyness and improves its overall returns. We maintain the company’s forecast of 0.92/0.97 per unit for 2020/2011.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)