Operation data in April is constantly improving, and Operation Two Hundred is confused with the incident of 20/05/2019: company announcement of operations data in April 2019, company mobile account users in April 2019
Millions of households, a net increase of 2.688 million this month. In addition, solid broadband users have accumulated 82,738,000  and the penetration rate of 4g has increased steadily: in April 2019, the penetration rate of 4g users reached 71.87%, an increase of 5.12 pct, an increase of 0.55 pct over the same year.
The number of mobile users has continued to grow, with 324 million mobile account users increasing by 9.18 per cent over the same period, and the business model of mobile operations has shown significant new results, with dynamic flow operations and a breakdown of market precision marketing.
The Division continues to actively promote Internetization operations and to strengthen its collaboration with Internet companies in their 2i2c operations, and is expected to grow faster and more innovatively than during the same period: January-April 2019; April 2019: a net increase of 346,000 broadband users; and 36.76 per cent over the same period: fixed.
Broadband business growth is gaining momentum. This is due to the integration of connectivity, the emphasis on content and high-speed bandwidth advantages, the themes of broadband, integration, video, grass-roots dynamism, enhanced marketing and service capacity, and the growth of government broadband and Internet-specific services.
1. China Connect (600050): In-depth cooperation with strategic investors after a season, continuous innovation and significant growth in new business. Business development continues to be positive and year-round
The next day, Yunnan United signed a cooperation agreement with Heng PV, Yajin Technology, China Power, on investment in the construction of Yunnan Connected Network assets, the establishment of Yunnan Provincial Operating Company and Innovation Ping.
Yunnan Connect is the only two-hundred companies in the world, and China Connect (600050): power.
In a provincial branch of the United States, Yunnan Connect, as a leader in the mix, has made it clear that traffic operations continue to rise, that mobile users are empowered, that incentives are strengthened, and that we are looking for ways to improve Yunnan Connect's operations.
Solid Broadband Growth 2019-02-20 and continuing to lead the telecommunication industry in the depths.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies continuously raise core corporate competition through mixage and market innovation
Power to promote sustained revenue-side improvements, significantly lower financial costs, significantly lower indebtedness and better capital formation; traditional operations, through differentiated operations, reach high-potential users and ensure robust growth in business performance, while emerging industries are in the lead and inject new energy into the company ' s medium- and long-term development
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board