Business development continued throughout the quarter, with a positive increase throughout the year.  Events: 73,147 million yuan in operating income achieved by China Connect during the first quarter of 2019, compared to last year
The period fell by 2.39 per cent, resulting in a net return of $1.625 billion, an increase of 24.80 per cent over the same period last year, and continued to improve performance throughout the year with the quarterly report: continued deepening of the implementation of the focus on innovation cooperation strategy, which allowed for a strong growth momentum in innovation operations and sustained revenue growth in the overall lead business base
There was an increase in the first quarter of the year, when the overall main business income was $6,682 million, an increase of 0.3 per cent over the same period last year. At the same time, good cost control led to a significant increase in net profits in the first quarter.
▪ The mix continues to deepen and the business growth is considerable: companies have worked in depth with strategic investors to diversify and innovate their business, and new business growth has been significant. In the first quarter of 2019, a net increase of 8.1 million mobile account users reached 323 million households, of which a net increase of 10.52 million users from 4g to 2.30
The company is actively responding to broadband competition, filling up high-quality video content and increasing the spread of integration products across channels through leveraging strategic investors’ superior resources. We believe that the reform dividend will be released first, as national firms move faster, and as linkages move faster, as agents of change.
▪ 5g commercial process leads by opening 5g test network and launching a new 5g brand: the company will open 5g test network in seven cities in North Kyoto, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Nanjing, Hangzhou and Yuan to achieve continuous core area coverage, along with hot spots in 33 cities and selected urban industries
1. China Connect (600050): Performance area provides 5g network coverage.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies constantly raise core competition through mixage and market innovation.2 China Connect (600050): power
To promote sustained revenue-side improvements, significantly lower financial costs, significantly lower liabilities, capital balances, flow operations, continuous growth of mobile users, further optimization; traditional operations, through differentiated operations, are designed to reach high-potential users and ensure that they reach high-potential users.
Stable Broadband Growth in Stabilized Networks 2019-02-20 Business performance is growing robustly, while emerging industries are leading the way, injecting new 3 into the medium- and long-term development of companies, China Connect (600050): China
One of the Connected Series reports on improving performance in the camps and on the future sustainability of the company ' s quarterly reports, which continue to improve and continue to improve performance throughout the year
China connected 73,147 million yuan in operating income in the first quarter of 2019, a decrease of 2.39 per cent over the same period last year, resulting in a net profit of 1,625 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 24.8 per cent over the same period last year, an increase of 25,587 million yuan for ebitda, and a continuing pressure on basic business development due to the high base of last year's revenues, as well as rising speed rates and increased market competition.
The company continued to deepen its focus on innovative cooperation strategies in the first quarter of 2019, keeping innovation strong as the dynamic of innovation continues to be released and as the 5g deployment process moves forward to maintain our year-round performance.
The growth momentum supported a steady increase in revenues from the overall main business, which in the first quarter stood at $66.802 billion, an increase of 0.3 per cent over the same period last year. In the first quarter of 2019, the main industrial Internet business generated $8.661 billion, an increase of 47.4 per cent over the same period last year, thanks to the rapid growth of innovative business and the realization of 269.19 per cent of the income from the main fixed network business.
Cash flows from operating activities in the first quarter of 2019 amounted to $1,984 million, an increase of 63.14 per cent over the previous quarter, a decrease of 25.03 per cent compared to the same period last year, while sales of communications products decreased during the reporting period by 20.8 per cent compared to the same period last year.
Good cost control led to a significant increase in the company’s net profits in the first quarter of 2019. Cost control was effective, with depreciation and amortization falling by 8.6% in the first quarter of 2019 compared to last year’s same period, as a result of good capital expenditure control, while last year’s strong free cash flow and interest-bearing debt was significantly reduced compared to last year’s same period.
Financial costs decreased by 118.2 per cent over the same period last year, and network operating and support costs slightly decreased by 1.1 per cent over the same period last year.
In the first quarter of 2019, there was a net increase of 8.1 million users to 323 million; of these, a net increase of 10,52 million users to 230 million. Companies responded actively to broadband competition and enriched their high-quality vision by leveraging strategic investor advantage resources.
In the first quarter of 2019, there was a net increase of 1.51 million users of solid broadband, reaching 82.39 million households. 5g commercial processes led by the launch of the 5g pilot network and the launch of a new 5g brand
On April 23, the President of the company, Wang Xiaochu, announced at the China Conference on Connecting Global Industrial Chains, that the 5g test network would be launched in seven cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Nanjing, Hangzhou, and Yuan, to provide continuous nuclear coverage, and Shanghai became the first Chinese pilot city to connect 5g.
The company took the lead in officially launching the 5g brand "5gn" within the industry, actively promoting the 5g commercial process. To drive the application, the company announced that it would organize 100 billion-grade funds for the incubation of 5g projects, bringing together 32 partners to form the China Federation.
Figure 5: China Connect 5g Industrial Chain Eco-structures We keep looking at China Connect's future development, and companies constantly raise core corporate competition through mix-up and market innovation
(b) Traditional operations, through differentiated operations, reach high-potential users and ensure robust growth in business performance, while at the same time emerging production patterns lead, giving new impetus to the company's medium- and long-term development.
Competition increases risk, and the arpu value continues to fall risk. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.