Incidents: On 26 April, the Quarterly Report 2024 was issued by the company. 24q1 accumulated $7.1 billion, or 2.9 per cent; net profit to the mother was $3.5 billion, or 10.8 per cent; a negative rate of 1.19 per cent, with a provision for coverage.
\triangleright ' s profit growth was significantly higher than the recovery rate prior to the provision, mainly due to savings in corporate end-of-pocket operating management fees, a 20.5 per cent decrease in 24q1 operating management fees compared to the previous year, and a 6.7 pt decrease in cost income over 23 years.
Pre-preparation profits increased by 5.5% over the same period of 23 years, while asset impairment losses were 10 times higher than in the same period. On the one hand, the company achieved a significant amount of negative asset disposal recovery in 23q1, resulting in a lower base, and on the other hand, residual gold.
The research assistant Wang Xiao was affected by a narrow net income gap. The recovery was positive, with 24q1 and +0.2 per cent. Other non-interest income continued to grow brightly, lending declined and net interest spreads were strong. On a scale, 24q1 of the total assets of the comptoirs, total loans, total loans.
The total amount of deposits was the same as +4.1 per cent, +4.9 per cent, and +5.9 per cent of individual loans were the main drag on the growth rate of loans from the farmers' comptoirs, which grew by only 1.4 per cent from the 24q1 to the 23-year period, and increased the rate of under-privilegation from the 23-year report.
2. In-depth report by the In-depth Agricultural Chamber (601077.sh): a slight increase of 1 bp over 23 q4 (caliber measured), taking into account the fact that the effects of repeated downward adjustments in deposits over 23 years have begun to emerge and that companies have given priority to projects with relatively high returns at the beginning of the year.
The poor rate remained stable and the provision for coverage slightly increased. The poor rate at the end of 24q1 was the same as the investment recommendation at the end of 23 years: the quality of assets is relatively stable and the cost of liabilities is expected to improve \triangleright
Farmer comptoirs in Chongqing have a strong advantage in geo-personality and network distribution, and in recent years, while active in major regional projects, the advantages of inclusive financial operations have remained strong; the digital transformation has progressed steadily, and the costs of business administration are expected to continue to decline; and while impairments are expected to affect profit performance during the period, the quality of assets is much higher.
Figure 1: Percent increase (cumulative) in the performance of the comptoirs at the end of 24q1, Figure 2: Net interest income at the end of 24q1, net fee income at the end of 24q1, Increase at the same rate (cumulative) Figure 5: Total assets at the end of 24q1, total loans, total deposits at the end of 24q1
Figure 8: Undesirable rates at the end of 24q1 Company financial statement data projections Summary of methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.