Investing in investment and investment; private fund-raising; outstanding; event: six-monthly publication of securities in 2022; company revenue of $7,463 million, +4.7 per cent, compared to +4.7 per cent; securities of traders (6,01878)
Realization of the net return to the mother is 727 million yuan, corresponding to 17.17 per cent of the year, with an average weighting of roe 3.01 per cent, with a corresponding reduction in investment and investment performance. The net return to the company fell during the reporting period, resulting from capital exposure \triangleright
At the same time, investment risks are reduced by optimizing asset allocation. At the same time, the investment business is on the market because there are only three equity refinancing owners, which last year was the same time.
In addition, a total of 74 units were completed in the first half of the year, with a clear development orientation, with the Xiang Province's Phoenix Plan as an opportunity to continue to scale up operations and explore further business opportunities.
In the first half of 2022, the market was limited by market shocks. One billion yuan (yoy + 5.88 per cent) was added to the market, while the market share of net revenue from broker trading in securities fell by 0.058 pt.
The revenue from brokering operations was $169 million, a 19 per cent decline in the same year, as a result of a 31 to 16.2 billion drop in sales of financial products from $23.4 billion last year. 22h1 market volatility has had a limited impact on corporate financial holdings.
The company faces market adjustments, with a shift from product sales to asset allocation, and the provision of after-sale services to prepare for future marketing services.
The company continues to build a high-quality investment team, growing in number, with a strong control over client assets, a professional financial product selection system, customer investment experience and management of customer assets, and a virtuous cycle of growth.
With geographical and professional advantages, corporate profitability will continue as private fund-raising continues to grow.
By the end of June 2022, customer rights \triangleright
“Project number one”, income of $222 million (yoy+47 per cent) in the first six months of the operation, the size of the operation continued to decline to $104.7 billion, of which $99.9 billion, or 87 per cent, was managed on its own initiative.
Positioning, significant improvements in broad asset allocation and active management capacity are expected to be fully reflected in 2022 in management performance. Profit forecasting and investment rating: Zhejiang province is economically well developed, listed companies and high net people are well resourced
Rich, well-positioned corporate investment, wealth management, etc., private-motivated wealth management advantages are expected to be further highlighted, and corporate profitability will be associated with revenue from wealth management business \triangleright \triangleright
The Deputy General Manager, General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Operations Department, was employed in China Xinchuan, Chinese and Chinese securities. In November 2019, he joined the Sinda Securities Research Centre, which is responsible for non-banking financial research.
Zhang Kaichen, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.