In the evening of 4/29, the mid-letter securities issued a quarterly report in 2025. In the first quarter of 2025, the company opened 16.34 pct. The single-season revenue continued to rise at a small rate, with net profits remaining high at the same rate.
In the first quarter of 2025, the self-employment/brokering/financing of companies continued to grow at a higher rate than in the first quarter of 2025, at a slower rate than in the single 24q4 season.
Reverse, year-on-year, growth, but credit business income is negative: (1) on self-employment, the financial investment ring grew by 7.1 per cent, and the self-employment rate of return \triangleright
The corporate ring scale increases transactional financial assets, the equity scale increases slightly, but returns 3.9 per cent, taking account of the change in the oci; and the combined debt index increases by 4.8 per cent/-2.6 per cent per annum over the same period, and the company ' s own rate of return wins the large equity index and the combined equity debt index.
Equity assets are expected to provide a stable long-term return on the company ' s own investments. (2) In brokering, net revenue from brokering increased by 36.2 per cent over the year, and securities were purchased over the same period.
Net revenue from disciplinary fees of 3.3 billion yuan, ring ratio - 6.6 per cent, year-on-year ratio + 36.2 per cent, and an increase of 24q4 times more than year-on-year, may lead to a slowdown in the revenue growth of brokering operations, and we believe that the impact of subsequent reductions is expected to diminish gradually (3) in the management of operations, with 25q1 fund revenues increasing by 8.7 per cent compared to the previous year, and the summer fund provides a stable gold.
\triangleright drops by 14.79 ptt. According to ifind, the 25q1 summer fund raised revenue aum to 1.91 trillion yuan, an increase of 27.2% over the same year, 25q1 summer fund net profit of $560 million, an increase of +8.4% for the summer fund.
The overall level of net profit is stable, with four consecutive quarters of year-on-year growth, and provides a stable \triangleright scale of corporate management revenue that supports investment income.
(5) With regard to credit operations, the two-way balance has continued to rise, but interest income on monetary funds has decreased, interest on sale has been overtaken, interest on sale has increased and interest on a single-season net income has shifted negative. 24q4 net income on interest is $200 million, which is the same as the decrease in interest income on monetary funds and settlement provisions, and the increase in interest on sale and buyback expenditure, which includes an increase in interest on sale.
Quarterly round-up growth, which we believe is expected to lead to a gradual recovery of corporate credit business revenues. Net asset yields remain high, with business and management rates driving up the parent rate at the same level as the lower.
Industry leaders are well established, market stability has increased in the near future, equity markets have performed well, and companies are expected to consolidate their own investment advantages. Following the gradual introduction of incremental policies, the market's heat injection is expected to remain high, and corporate brokerage and management revenues are expected to continue to rise.
Figure 2: Accumulated net profit and increase in SCM securities, Figure 1: Accumulated operating income and increase in SCM securities
Figure 4: Net profit and rate of increase from the SCM season to the parent: Change in the business income structure of SCM + net gain from the change in fair value of the enterprise ' s investment returns +
Figure 7: Trends in middle-strategy roa and roe; Figure 8: Net parent interest rate, administrative rates and other operating cost rates for middle-stratese securities; Figure 9: Size and speed of financial investment in medium-strategy securities
Figure 11: Revenue from and increase in securities brokering in China, Figure 12: Size and increase in the purchase of securities in China, Figure 13: Revenue from and increase in the operation of securities in China
Figure 14: Revenue and speed of growth from SCM quarterly investments in SMS, Figure 15: Size and speed of financing of SCM securities
Figure 17: Summary of data projections for the financial statements of the CCM securities market surplus (pe) The methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.