The price of the "double carbon" nuclear power supply has risen, and the new energy mix has gone up against the Chinese nuclear group. The "nuclear power plus new energy" is a two-wheel drive. The company is the only nuclear power and new energy listed operator under China's nuclear group. In 2021, the total installed capacity of the company was 31.42 million kilowatts, an increase of 23 per cent over the same period.
Of these, 225.5 million kilowatts (kW) were installed, representing an increase of 11.5%, or 71.8%, compared to the previous year; 8.8 million kilowatts (kW) were installed, representing an increase of 69%, or 28.2%, compared to the previous year. Breaking down the energy transition challenge, nuclear power is priced at a very high price.
An analysis of nuclear power advantages from the installation, utilization hours, electricity prices, and pricing in four dimensions. Prices of electricity and energy in the construction of new power systems have generally increased, and hours of nuclear power use and prices have been floating in space;
The 52-week maximum/minimum batch has returned to normal, with robust growth in medium- and long-term installation; in the future, there is further scope for falling prices for three- and four-generation nuclear power projects with security advantages, and the rate of return will continue to rise.
Ten thousand yuan per kilowatt, with an expected internal rate of return of 18.3 per cent, the performance in 2021 met expectations and maintained a high rate of growth. Companies issued a fast-track report on their performance and achieved gross operating income of 62,367 million yuan (+19.3 per cent) in 2021; and net profit returns of 8.037 billion yuan.
Nuclear Power Unit Bay 6 and Fuqing 5 are operational, while new energy installed capacity has increased significantly by 3.6gw and above. 2) Hour-use growth: an average of 7871 hours in 2021, short-term release of nuclear power and long-term improvement. In 2021, the company delivered a total of 3.44 million kilowatts of nuclear energy.
The policy supports the active and orderly development of nuclear power in a safe and secure manner, to the benefit of the company’s forward development. China’s Nuclear Power-601985-2021 Quarterly Review: Nuclear Power and New Energy Two Rounds
Through the acquisition of the new energy platform of the Group, the company became the group’s new energy developer, with many priorities for new energy development. The company’s guide is to hold the new energy load at the end of the 14th and 5th, 30gw, about six times as high as the new one at the end of 2020.
New energy sources, nuclear power plants, have not grown as fast as expected, electricity prices have not increased as expected, and utilization rates have fallen. Annual performance will increase significantly, with long-term growth and a “buy-in” rating maintained.
It's based on nuclear power, power, power, back-to-back with the China Nuclear Group, developing clean energy, leading the nuclear power operation, and making a big effort to develop clean energy. The company's main nuclear power plant, wind power, and its predecessor, nuclear power.
Founded in 2008, the China Nuclear Group has since transferred nuclear power assets (Qinshan, Jiangsu, Sanmen, Fuqing, etc.) from China to China without compensation. In 2015, China achieved a rapid increase in performance and assets after listing in a stock market.
By the end of 2021, the company had 22,549,000 kilowatts, or 42.25 per cent of the country’s commercial nuclear power unit; the new energy plant had 8,873,000 kilowatts, wind power 2,635,000 kilowatts and light volts 6,238,000 kilowatts.
Figure 2: The geographical distribution and information of the company’s nuclear power plant (as of 2021q1) is available to the State Finance Committee of the State Council. For nuclear power assets under the flag, the share ratio varies from 51 to 72%, but is fully held in the new energy subsidiary.
The Chinese nuclear group is the first company to develop, design, build and operate a commercial nuclear power plant in the country, and the Qinshan nuclear power plant was built in 1991 to create power grids for the first self-designed and built power plant in the country. In addition, the Chinese nuclear group has a complete nuclear industrial system, which is the only one in the country.
A very large central enterprise with a complete nuclear fuel cycle industry capable of achieving a closed cycle. A series of service agreements, such as the Framework Agreement on Natural Uranium/Consolidated Uranium Procurement, have been signed between the company and the China Nuclear Group, guaranteeing a high level of stability in the company’s entire chain of nuclear power.
In 2021, the company had a total installed capacity of 31.42 million kilowatts, an increase of 23 per cent compared to the previous year. Of these, 2,255 million kilowatts, an increase of 11.5 per cent, or 71.8 per cent, were installed.
The growth in the company ' s nuclear power plant was mainly due to the production of the Tanyae 6 and Fukugi 5, and the significant increase in the capacity of new energy sources was mainly due to the rapid start-up of construction projects. In 2021, the company generated 18.26 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 18.6 per cent compared to the previous year, of which 17.31 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 16.7 per cent compared to the previous year;
The combined amount of new energy generated is 9.5 billion kWh, an increase of 68.7 per cent, or 5.2 per cent of total electricity generated, and an increase of 1.5 pct, compared to 2020, with a steady increase in revenue and a rising share of new energy sources. In 2020, companies achieved a combined operating income of 52.3 billion yuan.
The group ' s new energy assets achieved a large scale of wind and light power, with the share of new energy revenues rising for the first time in 2020. Since its listing, the company has steadily advanced with the pace of production of nuclear power plants, with a steady increase in revenue and gross profits, but the net profit from the mother has stagnated from 2016 to 2019, with only 2.76 per cent in four years.) Three main reasons are: 1)
After the year ' s large-scale commissioning of the unit, interest capitalization fell significantly, raising the financial cost after 2018; 3) In 2019, the cost of minor repairs to the three fleets was incurred without income, resulting in the normal operation of the three crews and the addition of new energy sources, with a significant increase in performance in 2020. In 2020, the company achieved a significant increase in its performance.
The net profit to the mother was $5.995 billion, a 30 per cent increase in the same year. The main benefit was the normal operation of the three units and the new energy sources, which increased from $8.7 billion in 2019 to $1.44 billion after the normal operation of the three units; and $720 million in 2020 after the acquisition of the new energy sources.
The net return of 6.51 billion yuan, an increase of 32.6% over the same year, is expected to continue with a significant increase in performance throughout the year 2021. The downside of the rate is due mainly to the negative impact of other gains from the value-added tax, “i.e., the roll-off” and higher financial costs.
Regular operations have led to significant increases in gross and net interest rates for companies. In the first three quarters of 2021, companies paid interest-bearing liabilities on a large scale, financial costs fell, and the upward trend in gross and net interest rates is expected to continue further in terms of performance in the third quarter of 2021.
The firm ' s fixed incremental impact in late 2020, with a small reduction in the equity multiplier, partially offset by a small decrease in net interest rate recovery, led to a small decline in the roe. There were fluctuations, with an average of 0.274 yuan/kwh, and the increase in electricity costs in 2019 was mainly due to three units, Unit 2.
Minor repairs, resulting in a decline in electricity generation. Nuclear fuel, depreciation and amortization, operating maintenance, financial costs account for 16 per cent, 31 per cent, 15 per cent, 11 per cent, 18 per cent, respectively.
In 2020, corporate cash flows, investment cash flows and financing cash flows were 311, 27.6 and 300 million yuan, respectively.
Fuel is generating electricity, but since its fuel cost is only about 17% of the operating cost, depreciation in nuclear power operations accounts for the bulk of the cost. Similar to hydropower projects, cash flow performance during nuclear power operations has been strong, consistently higher than in the current three years. Cash flows from corporate investment activities have increased slightly, and are expected to increase as new energy is developed in the future.
Capital spending has risen further. By contributing cash flows through large nuclear power units and new and affordable energy projects, companies can maintain the capital needed for high-loader acceleration.
Short-term centralized release performance for nuclear power, and maintenance of approval progress in the medium term, will be maintained in the long run. The company will each have 1.25 million kW installed in the 2021 collection and will ensure that the nuclear power plant will remain in progress until the end of the 1415 season, when it is expected that the company will have 2,617,000 kW installed in nuclear power and control units.
The company will take over the construction clearance unit during the 14th Five-Year Plan, which is expected to be in operation in 2027-2028. It will develop new energy sources and achieve its 30gw loading target. According to the 14th Five-Year Plan, the company plans to arrive.
In 2025, the new energy holdings reached 30gw, about six times as many as the new ones at the end of 2020. The company’s rights to preferential energy mergers, acquisitions, development, etc. in China’s nuclear blocs will further guarantee the company’s conservation and quality of new energy.
Disruption of the energy transition challenge, under the “double carbon” goal, nuclear power can face two impossible triangular challenges in our energy transformation process. Since September 2020, Xi’s Secretary-General has suggested that
New sources of energy, represented by wind power and light voltage, have solved economic problems after 2020, and large-scale grid-connection is accompanied by unstable questions. Green, stable, and cheap are in a state of "no way" for some time.
In the process, the system will experience a ambivalent decline in the willingness to invest in fossil energy and an acceleration in the marginal consumption of energy, which may lead to higher energy prices. Sources rise rapidly, both in absolute terms and relative terms, and impose higher demands on the power grid’s ability to operate.
As the main force of our current energy base, development will be limited by the fact that high carbon emissions are seriously incompatible with the “double carbon” goal; hydropower has a green and cheap advantage, but our hydropower resources are close to the ceiling and the remaining ones are less economically viable and more limited.
Nuclear power can be a large-scale substitute for the use of fire power as a base charge, and cracking the impossible triangle. The “double-carbon” transition has increased the share of new energy generation in the power system, and has also put pressure on the operation of the grid. In the event that electricity is close to the upper limit of the power supply and electricity is not kept clean, nuclear power will impose a burden on the base charge power of the power system:
1) Green, clean: Compared to fire power, zero carbon emissions from nuclear power operations are fully in line with the construction of the “double carbon” target. According to China-China ITU statistical analysis for 2018, the emission intensity of Co2 is about 841 g/kwh. If calculated on the basis of 5,000 hours per year, the annual CO2 emissions of the 2*1,000 mw-scale power set could reach 8.14 million tonnes.
Nuclear power operations can be considered as zero carbon emissions, with carbon emissions throughout the life cycle coming from cement, carbon steel, copper and alloy steel production during the construction period.
Combining costs is low and stable: considering the combined costs of green and stable energy, the advantage of nuclear power is clear. Fire power + ccus, nuclear power + reprocessing, wind, light + storage can all provide green and stable energy. So we need to compare not only the costs of electricity generation, but also the external costs of green and stable energy, the external costs of which are carbon emissions.
The external cost of nuclear power is reprocessing, and the external cost of wind and photovoltaic is storage energy. The current high cost of coal is about 0.43 kWh/kWh for thermal power generation along the sea and about 0.04 kWh/kWh for electrical discharge; and about 0.24 kWh/kWh for nuclear power generation, spent fuel reprocessing, low- and medium-waste disposal, decommissioning funds
The cost of reprocessing is about 0.04/kWh; wind power is about 0.25/kWh; 20% is for storage; 20% is for photovoltaic power about 0.27/kWh; and 20% is for storage about 0.05/kWh. Nuclear power is a low-cost way of generating electricity that is second only to hydropower in the green energy transition.
China’s nuclear power fuel and other raw materials account for only 17% of the operating cost ratio, which is extremely low compared to about 60% of the fuel cost. Moreover, the raw material required for nuclear power combustion is uranium, which has remained relatively stable internationally for the past five years.
3) Stabilizing energy: New energy generation in the future will be an important component of the new power system, but wind, light, power generation has a intermittent character and, in order to maintain the balance between supply and demand, peak moments have become “the shortest board of the barrel”. In 2021, the number of hours spent on fire, hydropower, wind, nuclear power, solar power generation equipment.
4448, 3622, 2232, 7802 and 1281 hours, respectively. Nuclear power is stable, using much more hours than other power sources, and can guarantee peak time. 4) High energy density: nuclear power is much larger than coal, and a million kilowatt coal power plant is needed every year.
It consumes about 3 million tons of primary coal, equivalent to a 40-car train per day that pulls coal for it, while a nuclear power plant with the same power capacity needs only about 30 tons of nuclear fuel per year, the latter one hundred thousandth of which is taken away by a heavy vehicle. Similarly, high energy density makes nuclear power relative to renewable energy such as wind and solar energy.
In terms of sources, there are significant advantages in terms of size of land and security of energy supply. Figure 21: Number of hours of power use by type in the country, Figure 22: Comparison of fuel consumption for nuclear and coal energy
Strong development of nuclear power is an essential part of the "double carbon" transition. Horizontally, nuclear power has clean and stable, low integration costs and high intensity features, and total installed capacity will increase robustly; and, in the larger context of the transition from low carbon, the growth of new energy sources in the short term is difficult to meet the overall demand for electricity and is irreplaceable in nature.
Fire power, a base charge, determines that the ratio of nuclear power to new power systems will increase. At the same time, the current three-generation nuclear power technology is mature, safe and economically secure, with further efficiency improvements in the future, and a four-dimensional solution to the nuclear power advantage.
In the future, the benefits of nuclear power projects are expected to increase in a multi-dimensional manner. By analysing the profit model of nuclear power projects, we believe that in the short term, the cost of electricity is likely to increase in the construction of new power systems, and that there is room for upswings in low-time and electricity use; in the medium and long term, approval of nuclear power has returned to normal and will guarantee medium and long-term installation.
In the long run, efficient and secure three-generation nuclear power projects are more competitive when prices are falling further, and there is scope for increasing the rate of return on the project in the context of market prices. The main factors influencing the profitability of nuclear power are the capacity, hours, electricity prices, prices, prices, prices, etc.
The approvals are expected to be liberalized, and the strategic opportunity period for nuclear power will be followed by steady growth in installed power and power generation. The capacity and power generation ratio of our nuclear power has been rising steadily over the past decade.
Up to the end of 2021, the country had a capacity of 53.26 million kilowatts of nuclear power installed, accounting for 2.3 per cent of the total number of installed machines in the country, 407.5 billion kilowatt hours of electricity generated during the year 2021, representing 4.9 per cent of the total capacity of installed and generated electricity, with zero approval of the nuclear power unit; in 2019, a total of 4 units were authorized for the fleets 1, 2 and 1 in the Yangtze region and 1 and 2 in the Yangtze region.
This year, nuclear power units 7 and 8 in Tian Wan, nuclear power units 3 and 4 in Liaoning Tsui, multi-purpose small-scale modular reactor technology demonstration project in Hainan Changjiang, with five units in total. Nuclear power unit approval is on an accelerated trend. The 14th Five-Year Plan and Vision 2035 outline re-establish nuclear power positioning, and nuclear power will be in a development strategy.
The 14th Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development of the People ' s Republic of China and the Outline of Vision 2035 provide for the safe and secure promotion of coastal nuclear power, the active and orderly promotion of three generations of coastal nuclear power, which is expected to reach about 70 million kilowatts by 2025; and the Chinese nuclear energy industry.
The Association projects that by 2030 our nuclear power will have reached 120 million kilowatts of installed capacity and 8 per cent of total electricity generation; by 2035, we will have 200 million kilowatts of installed nuclear power and 10 per cent of total electricity generation. As a result, we have benefited from the advantages of clean, stable and efficient nuclear power, which has been developed vigorously in the medium and long term.
Because of the special nature of the nuclear power industry and the complexity of nuclear technology, the existence of extremely high technical and administrative barriers to access, our nuclear power project (with the exception of model engineering and research reactors), which was officially approved by the State Council, has been implemented until 2020.
The China-China nuclear power plant and the China-China nuclear power plant are the two leading companies operating nuclear power development. With the exception of a small number of ongoing construction projects, the nuclear power plant is basically owned by China.
In 2020, the China Energy Group obtained approval for the first large-scale controlled water-stuff nuclear power project, the Hainan Changjiang nuclear power phase II. The project was officially launched in March 2021 and became operational.
The first nuclear power project to be built in our country's 14th Five-Year Plan. Thus, the National Energy and Energy Corporation, which has nuclear power development capabilities and is involved in a small number of project development, is part of the nuclear power sector that is not currently part of the listed company system.
We have developed the Hualong I autonomously, and have been able to achieve a steady increase in the national production of equipment by introducing digestion and re-innovation of three generations of nuclear power, such as national and nuclear No. 1.
New nuclear power projects will be based on three generations of nuclear power until they can be commercialized. On December 20, 20, 2021, the world's first “Four Generations of Nuclear Power” nuclear power plant at the High-temperature Gas Refrigeration Reactor in the Gulf of Huasol is on grid-connected power generation. Three Generations of nuclear power technology is mature, and prices are declining. Three Generations of nuclear power technology will meet higher safety standards and further improvements.
The first three generations of nuclear power in the country – three units (ap1000) – have invested 26,800 yuan per kilowatt. The cost of unit loads for our nuclear power projects is currently significantly reduced by increasing the national production rate of equipment and reducing the construction schedule.
With the production of bulk quantities of three generations of nuclear power, the unit investment is expected to fall to $15,000 per kilowatt.
Four generations are safer and more efficient. Inherently, the high-temperature cooling reactor is a high-temperature, non-smelting, counter reactor. Its nuclear fuel component is a high-temperature, fully ceramic-covered particle-formed spherical nuclear fuel component, the outermost layer of which is a graphite layer, which contains about 12,000 layers of total ceramic material covered in diameter and dispersed in the matrix of graphite powder.
About 0.9 mm of nuclear fuel particles. The fuel ball can remain intact at a high temperature of 1620°C and effectively block radioactive leaks. And, due to good negative feedback, even in the event of an extreme accident, the reactor's inner temperature is unlikely to reach a high temperature limit of 1620°C and avoid core melting.
Thus, in addition to conventional power generation, high-temperature air coolers can also be used in oil refining, intensive oil processing, shale oil refining, synthetic ammonia and fertilizer production, ethylene and methanol synthesis, and seawater.
Market prospects in various areas, such as desalination, coal-chemicals and hydrogen production, are wide. Figure 29: Rationale for high-temperature cooling reactors, Figure 30: Rationale for sodium fast reactors
With a high number of hits, and with a high-utility fuel “double carbon” target, stable clean nuclear power is expected to achieve high utilization rates. At present, our attitude towards nuclear power generation on the Internet is “full and multiple”, encouraging support for nuclear power generation, in principle, to be full-loaded.
In February 2017, the Interim Measures to Secure the Safe Discharge of Nuclear Power proposed a priority sequence for nuclear power generation. Under the “double carbon” target, nuclear power “exploitation” would help the new power system.
There is still room for improvement in the number of hours spent on nuclear power, as load factors fail to reach the upper limit. A small decline occurred between 2015 and 2016, mainly as a result of the slowdown in the volume of electricity used by the entire community and the massive production of generators, and in the last five years it has been used with nuclear power.
In contrast to the United States, we have found that China’s current nuclear power plant is not using the maximum number of hours, and there is room for further upgrading. Market-based tariffs will open up, and nuclear power will benefit fully.
In 2013, the CDRC issued a circular on issues related to the improvement of the price of nuclear power on the Internet, approving a national price of 0.43 yuan per kilowatt-hour for the Internet; the national price of nuclear power on the Internet was higher than the price of the coal-fired unit on the site of the nuclear power plant (including devulcanization, denitrification, lower).
In the region, new nuclear power units are placed after delivery to implement local tariffs on coal-fired unit poles; the price of grids on nuclear poles is relatively stable throughout the country. The price of nuclear poles will be evaluated and adjusted in due course in the light of technological advances in nuclear power, changes in costs, changes in the supply and demand of electricity markets.
The government has liberalized the price of electricity and increased the marketization of electricity. Since 2021, some of the country’s regions have experienced restrictions on the use of electricity in energy-intensive industries, owing to the rapid increase in demand for electricity in the post-epidemiology era, poor water in the south at the beginning of the year, and a brief dry summer in the north.
High coal prices, coupled with the failure of the on-line side price to float with coal, result in a loss in the cash flow of electricity and normal power generation. On October 11, 2021, the Commission issued a circular on further deepening of the market-based changes in coal-fired electricity generation, expanding the price fluctuations in the coal-fired electricity market to upwards and downwards.
At 20%, the price of electricity traded on the energy-intensive enterprise market is not capped at 20%. The price of electricity is not on the spot, and the price of marketized electricity floats in parallel with that of the fire, driving the price of nuclear power up the grid.
In the long run, market-based electricity prices are expected to continue to rise. According to foreign electricity reform and the low-carbon transformation process,
Experience has shown that low carbonization is often accompanied by an overall rise in the power price hub, with market mechanisms achieving efficient deployment of additional costs on the side of power generation, on the side of the grid and on the side of the user. New energy generation on the other side of the grid does not fully take into account the additional costs that it entails for grid-based peak FM. We believe that the external costs of low-carbon transformation need to pass through the market.
As a result, nuclear power has the space to lower its prices, and the project returns are expected to increase. The cost of nuclear power and its financing costs have a significant impact on the project’s rates of return.
Some 68% of the fixed costs (capacity costs) after a steady operating period, mainly included depreciation and amortization, maintenance, decommissioning funds, financial costs; 32% of the variable costs (power volume costs), including fuel costs, materials and water, and spent fuel reprocessing costs. The highest fixed costs were mainly affected by project pricing and financing costs.
Based on the cost characteristics of the third generation of nuclear power projects to be built in the future, we have analysed the economic nature of the current nuclear power projects, which we can test by measuring the economics of the nuclear power projects, given that the government has set a rate of return between units of nuclear power units to approve the prices accordingly:
RMB/kw) corresponds to a price range of 0.408-0.414 kWh/kWh for nuclear power, which is competitive in the current market transactions in the coastal provinces: RMB/kWh, taking into account the overall price level of 0.41 kWh/kWh after a discount of certain marketized electricity.
The three-generation nuclear power project (19,500 yuan/kw) yields a return of 8.65 per cent, and the following model projections for the operation of the single kilowatt third generation of nuclear power are based on the following main parameters:
At the operational level, 85% of the load factor, at a cost of $410 per megawatt hour, corresponds to approximately 7,450 hours of utilization, corresponding to an annual operating income of approximately $2526.
For about 800 people, 200,000/year, the unit kilowatt salary and welfare fee is 80/kw. The rate of each major overhaul is about 1.35% of the price, and the major renovation cycle is 18 months, converted to the corresponding annual cost.
The decline in prices will greatly increase the rate of return on nuclear power projects. In the future, the internal rate of return is expected to be 18.3%, based on a measurement of the unit price per unit cost, based on the application of three-generation stacking technologies based on optimized design, solidification of upstream equipment, further nationalization of core components, and reduction of the working life/kWh (including taxes).
A drop of $1,000/kw and an increase in the rate of return on the capital of the project by 1.6 pct at 0.41/kwh electricity prices. The rate of return on the project is very sensitive to the number of hours used and the price made. In the light of the preceding analysis, we believe that the benefits in the short term will be derived from the use of electricity in a context of stress, and that the number of hours spent on nuclear power will increase over time.
Short-term VAT refunds support high profitability, medium-term payment of spent fuel disposal funds reduces cash flow and profits, long-term
The net interest rate rose rapidly from 9.7 per cent to 14.3 per cent in the first five years of the project, starting with the fifth year, when the value-added tax “is withdrawn” by 5 per cent, in addition to the $26/megawatt time mark.
The collection of spent fuel disposal funds led to a significant fall in net interest rates, which then began to rise slowly to 19.4 per cent; the value-added tax (VAT) preference disappeared completely and the debt was liquidated after 15 years, with a steady-state net interest rate of 13.6 per cent for project operations and $1122 in cash in thousands of watts; and the depreciation cost disappeared resulting in a net interest rate when the 25-year depreciation period was reached
At present, almost all of the company’s fleet (depreciated in Qinsan I) is in the 5-20 period, with random groups falling due to depreciation, and accounting profits are expected to increase gradually.
Figure 35: Equity cash flow for the operating life of nuclear power projects ($/kw) Figure 36: Net interest rate for the operating life of nuclear power projects Tax discounts are key to keeping the cash flow profitable for the upfront period of nuclear power projects.
The low rate of return of pre-project cash flows after debt servicing, which represents 70-80 per cent of total investment, and the significant reduction in interest costs associated with the size of the high debt, which, together with the slow return of pre-project cash flows, severely constrains the collection of projects, have made separate arrangements for the payment of value-added tax on nuclear power projects: based on the volume of aircraft sales.
The value-added tax refund is applied in proportion to the total annual sales of electricity across the enterprise, multiplied by the amount of VAT paid by the nuclear power enterprise, and the value-added tax refund is used to service interest and interest and is not subject to corporate income tax. At the 13% value-added tax rate, the value-added tax refund programme will generate accounting profits of about 9.75% of revenue and cash flows in the first five years of the project.
In addition, nuclear power projects benefit from the income tax policy of “3/3 by 5” renewable power generation, as well as the policy of exemption from municipal construction taxes and additional education fees for some of our nuclear power units, which have greatly eased the tight cash flow and low accounting profits in the early stages of the project.
Figure 37 Value Added Tax Refund (VAT) is an important component of net corporate profits (billion yuan) Figure 38: Value Added Tax (VAT) on our nuclear power plant is the "145" ratio for the development of the second-largest new energy source to fill nuclear power supply
On 22 September 2020, President Xi Jinping addressed the world at the general debate at the seventy-fifth session of the United Nations General Assembly.
China is strongly committed to increasing its national ownership, adopting stronger policies and measures, striving to peak carbon dioxide emissions by 2030 and striving to achieve carbon neutrality by 2060. On March 15, 2021, President Xi Jinping stressed at the ninth meeting of the Central Financial and Economic Committee that “cleaning should be built”.
Low-carbon, safe and efficient energy systems, control of fossil energy aggregates, investment in efficiency, renewable energy alternative actions, deeper electricity institutional reforms and new power systems dominated by new sources of energy. “Carbon peaks” and “carbon neutralization” in a context of rising energy consumption require significant limitations on fossil energy.
Source consumption, further increasing the share of non-fossil energy consumption in total energy consumption. Currently electricity is the main mode of non-fossil energy consumption, and technologies that produce radon energy through photovoltaic radon have not been commercialized and promoted, and the power system is the backbone.
We measure clean energy generation in 2030 to reach 5.1 billion kilowatt-hours in 2060. Limited future capacity growth in power sources, positive growth in nuclear power and annual average growth. Wind power, photovoltaic power, cagr, 16 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively; wind power, photovoltaic power, 2020-2030.
The high growth of new energy installed will be certain and will be the strongest growth track in the energy sector. 2. The technological uplifting costs of new energy sources will lead to affordable access to the Internet, as wind power and photovoltaic technologies rise, and in 2021 our new energy generation will officially enter the era of parity.
During the 15-year period, project installation costs have been significantly reduced as new energy industry technologies have been constantly updated, while generation efficiency has increased significantly. On September 13, 2018, the National Energy Agency issued a circular on accelerating the promotion of wind power and the introduction of photovoltaic power to the Internet (a comment draft) encouraging some of the new energy projects to be priced on a par.
Nets, by June 2021, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on matters related to the new energy access pricing policy for 2021, which officially entered the price parity era in 2021 with wind and photovoltaic power on land. The cost of wind power has continued to fall.
/kw down to $1264/kw, a decrease of 13.4 per cent; lcoe from $0.066/kwh to $0.033/kwh, a decrease of 50 per cent. Global average billing costs for wind power on land decreased from $ 1962/kw to $1349/kw, a decrease of 31.3 per cent; lcoe from $0.083/kwh
The wind and power upswings are related to the price of important raw materials such as thick plate, silicone, threaded steel, copper, epoxy resin, etc. in large commodity markets.
There is no further space for decline. The current wind cooling space is large-scale – increasing overall power generation through large diameters and large-capacity wind machines. In recent years, the share of large-capacity wind machines in the country’s new installed machines has been increasing, the average wind-wheel diameter has increased significantly, and the efficiency of wind power generation in the wind unit has increased further the cost of wind power.
From 2011 to 2020, our average installation cost for photovoltaic power decreased from $3458/kw to $651/kw, or 81%; lcoe from $0.248/kwh, or 0.0438/kwh, or 82%.
Decreased to $883/kw, or 78%; lcoe from $0.289/kwh/kwh, down to $ 0.0567/kwh, down to 80%. The decomposition potential of the decomposition potential is great, and photovoltaics will be the main power source for the future.
The power costs are reduced by 4% as a result of the increase in capacity factors from irena over the last 10 years. In the future, photovoltaic components will be reduced mainly through further efficiency improvements.
Technological advances have contributed to increasing the efficiency of cell switching. In 2020, p-type single-crystal batteries were produced using perc technology, with an average conversion efficiency of 22.8 per cent, 0.5 percentage points higher than in 2019, and an advanced business conversion efficiency of 23 per cent. According to the China Photovoltaic Association, since 2019, the vast majority of new battery lines have been built.
The introduction of perc technology and the technological adaptation of the old battery production line have resulted in a higher than 65 per cent share of the market for the perc battery blades than for the bsf battery; the ratio for the bsf battery is about 31.5 per cent.
Energy companies will be the main players in future new energy operations, with a further increase in the share of new energy sources in the next decade. The development of our new energy projects during the 14th Five-Year Plan will focus on two main lines: the "Great Wind Base Project" and the "City-wide Promotion" of new and distributed energy projects.
The large size of the project is, in turn, highly demanding for the financial and business context and naturally suitable for the development and operation of large-scale enterprises, in particular, its "water and light complementary clean energy base" based on existing traditional energy sources, as well as its "wind and fire storage and integration base".
In the case of distributed projects, the "state-wide push" wrap-up approach essentially solves the problem of poor access to business-distributed resources and efficient development operations in the past. As a result, private photovoltaic operators, currently represented by crystallography, are gradually selling photovoltaic assets and moving to epc, components, upstream.
At the end of production and downstream transport, new energy generation resources are further concentrated in large power producers. From the perspective of individual project competition, the country has a clear advantage in terms of the two main indicators of “business capacity” and “stated electricity prices”:
1) Low financing costs create a bottom line for project returns and guarantee project declaration advantages: with a strong group endorsement capacity, the firm achieves the absolute advantage of competing resources in the price of the project. Because of the high capital expenditure demand in the initial phase of the new energy operation, project-owned investment tends to take place in relation to the cost of financing at the lowest level of the market.
At 20-30 per cent, the high leverage ratio and initial investment have contributed to the overall rate of return on the project vis-à-vis the cost of debt financing (2) stock items, and the ability of the firm to secure high-intensity capital expenditure: capital in the period of rapid growth in the operation of new sources of energy; high-intensity expenditure, at 1:1 ratio per 1 gw new energy generation project, at 30 per cent capital investment requirement
One and a half billion yuan, old-fashioned coal-fired enterprises, such as Huayun Power, China Power International, or clean energy enterprises, such as China’s nuclear power and power supply, can generate more resources with a strong cash flow from the stock fleet. In the current planning of large new energy power operators, the pace of development will exceed industry averages.
On December 12, 2020, the company issued a circular on the associated transactions for the transfer of energy in the proposed acquisition; on January 6, 2021, it completed a full-scale acquisition of the group ' s new energy platform. The transaction was valued at 2,111 million yuan.
As of the date of the trade announcement (end of November 2020), the clearing power holds 1,482 kilowatts (wind power: 107.76 kilowatts, photovoltaic: 406,000 kilowatts) for the transport of new energy sources, and 500,000 kilowatts for the installation of new energy assets.
During the same period, the Holdings Group issued a letter of commitment from China Nuclear Industries Group Ltd. to avoid competition with China ' s nuclear power company, Inc., in the field of new energy generation, confirming the company ' s new flagship within the Group.
The position of the energy operations subsidiary, with the company having priority for new energy projects, priority for acquisition, and priority for “145” new energy loading plans, has increased significantly, smoothing the 2023 nuclear launch slots. According to the Department's “145” loading plan, the company plans to have 56gw installed by 2025, with wind power and wind power.
New photovoltaic-based energy installed at 30gw, a five-fold increase in the volume of new energy installed by the end of 2020, could stagnate performance growth in 2023-2024 as the company’s nuclear power plant was put on hold in 2023. A growth rate of 8 and 8gw, respectively, corresponds to an annual net profit increase of about 1.6 billion.
The Division’s performance will grow steadily, and in addition to the company’s strong edge in power generation from China’s nuclear blocs, the company’s two distinct directions in the new energy sector (1) stocks of nuclear power plants can channel a steady flow of cash into new energy development.
New energy development investments are strong and require steady cash flow support. For the first-line new energy operators in the market, there are two types of new sources of energy that can be transformed by traditional fire power enterprises, represented by HCNI, HPR, and Chinese electricity, as well as pure new energy operators, such as tri-gorge, Dragon-source, and Big Tang.
By 2021, the vast power-fired assets had underpinned the company’s capital spending, and the explosion of new energy sources had taken place with low initial loads of new energy. The cash flow of nuclear power assets was extremely strong, with greater stability than that of hydropower.
Under the circumstances, the “cash cow” attributes of nuclear power assets are weaker than, and more stable than, hydropower, owing to the higher depreciation ratio of nuclear power projects, while the relative stability of uranium prices has greatly reduced the uncertainty of future cash flows. Since their listing, corporate cash flows have increased steadily, reaching 311 net operating cash flows throughout 2020.
Billion dollars, or 13.86 per cent compound growth over the past five years. 2) The nuclear power industry chain provides a “package” of business, with strong resource acquisition capabilities. Companies can use the “package” advantage to access new energy project resources.
The development of the various distributed new energy projects represented by the delegates is mainly achieved through a framework agreement with local county governments, which will need to obtain resources through competition and so on. Town governments are more interested in popular and large groups that can provide a “package” of business that can generate overall local employment and economic development.
The company, back-to-back with the China Nuclear Group, could provide business-building in the upstream industrial chain of nuclear power, take full advantage of the multi-operational synergies within the group to obtain projects, and have a comparative advantage over pure power generation enterprises. 2021 newcomers were biased towards year-end, with a performance-focused release period of 2022.
Rows. In terms of the time of commissioning, Fukuk 5 was put into operation in early 2021, and its performance in 2021 will fully reflect the benefits of commissioning; Tian Wan 6 was put into production in mid-2021, and Fukukun 6 is expected to come into operation in January 2022, so that a total of 1.72 million kilowatts of co-loading will not be fully reflected in 2022.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: 1) The company's nuclear power unit was scheduled to be completed in January 2022, and units 1 and 2 (total of 2.5 million kilowatts) were expected to be operational in 2024 and 2025, respectively, as they were scheduled to be completed in January 2022.
Time is unknown, we have a neutral expectation that 50% of the nuclear power unit will be in operation; 2) Nuclear power units will be used in the number of hours in 2021, 7871 hours in 2022, due to the current lack of electricity, and we will conservatively expect the overall utilization level to float by 60 hours, with a price of 2021.
4) With regard to new energy performance indicators, the cost and duration of additional wind power, light voltage unit hours, 2150 and 1,300 small 5) respectively, the nuclear power unit mainly refers to indicators in cases where the company did not absorb new energy assets by 2020, and makes neutral assumptions in conjunction with the data disclosed in the company ' s three-quarterly reports; with regard to new energy sources, new
The initial prices of wind power, light voltage and light power generation costs and financial costs are gradually being revised downwards. In our predictive model, in 2022, the company used an average of 7934 hours of nuclear power, at a tax-free price of 0.372 yuan per kilowatt hour.
An increase of 100 hours over the original value would result in an increase of 3% over the original valuation.
Taking into account the company ' s business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuations to estimate the company ' s reasonable revenue from no additional nuclear power units, with a small fall in the 2023-2024 harvest rate, which will be largely due to the growth of new energy installed. We expect to meet the company ' s target of 41gw new energy installed in 2025.
Input conditions: Based on the company ' s capital structure and financial position as reflected in the company ' s historical financial statements, we assume that the target equity capital ratio is 50 per cent, the weekly data for the 2-year period calculate the Beta coefficient at 0.87, the no-risk rate of return of 3 per cent on the 10-year maturity of the national debt, the risk premium at 7.0 per cent and the cost of the debt capital at 4.7 per cent.
The calculation resulted in a wcc value of 6.5 per cent. fcff valuation results: a sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation of China's nuclear power ratio per equity share under the assumption of a constant growth rate of 1 per cent
This absolute valuation, which is sensitive to the wacc and constant growth rates, is presented in table 3 as an analysis of the sensitivity of the company ' s absolute valuation to these two factors of variation, and a segment valuation of the company ' s nuclear power and new energy sources will be carried out.
State nuclear power is expected to have a strong capacity to complete the planning of the 1450 new energy loader 30gw, which is expected to be added to the company’s new energy component by 20 times the size and speed of the new energy operator. With regard to nuclear power, China’s general check should be valued at 12 x in 2022, and the company’s reserve of nuclear power technology should be increased.
The growth is expected to be faster in terms of depth and in construction and approval. In addition, compared to nuclear power, which is a hydroelectric cash cow's asset, Yangjie, electricity is 20x per year 2022, taking into account that the company's history of nuclear power assets gives the company a nuclear component, which, according to our calculations, is $9.8 billion net for the company's nuclear power component in 2022, while the new energy component is net for the mother.
However, the valuation was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular the calculation of the company ' s free cash flow over the next few years, the calculation of weighted capital cost (wacc), the assumption of tv growth rate and the selection of comparative commons valuation parameters, all of which included many individual judgements:
High annual free cash flow calculations, leading to risk of optimistic valuations;2 We assume that weighting capital costs (wacc) have a very significant impact on corporate valuations, assuming a windless rate of 3 per cent, a risk premium of 7 per cent in the calculation of Wacc, and that there may still be low estimates or take-off of these parameters, resulting in a wacc.
The risk of higher corporate valuations due to lower computational values;3 We assume a 1 per cent growth rate in company tv over the next 10 years, a significant adverse change in the industry in which the company is located over the next 10 years, and a real low or negative growth in company growth over time, leading to high corporate valuations
4. In relative valuations, we have selected companies that are the same or similar to the company ' s business, and have selected comparable corporate average dynamics of 2021 as a reference for relative valuations, taking into account the factors of company growth, company longevity and the revision of industry average dynamics.
Finally, with regard to new energy for companies, the value of the three isthmus energy equivalent of 2022pe is 24x, taking into account that China’s nuclear power is expected to have a strong capacity to complete the planning of the 1450 new energy loader 30gw, and that its size and speed are expected to add to the list of new energy operators on the line, giving the company a 20-fold share of the new energy component.
With regard to nuclear power, it is expected that China’s nuclear power grid will grow faster than the 2022 pe scale, and that the company’s nuclear power technology reserve will grow deeper and build and approve more rapidly. In addition, compared to nuclear power as a hydroelectric cash cow asset, Yangjie, electricity will be valued at 20x in 2022, taking into account the company’s history of nuclear power assets.
In our projections of company approval and future profitability of new energy projects, we have set a number of parameters that are based on historical data and individual judgement of future changes: 1. We believe that if the country regulates the upstream operation of electricity from the coal supply side, the electricity market will not be able to build up.
(b) If nuclear power and new energy deliveries do not increase as expected, this may affect the growth of corporate performance;
1. Risks of nuclear power safety accidents at home and abroad. The relative safety requirements for nuclear power are high, and companies are likely to assume higher risks and risks of building nuclear power projects in the event that an accident has a greater impact on life, the social environment, or the natural environment.
High intensity, wide scope of work, long duration of work, and technical capability for the organisational management of construction and material equipment. If problems of design, insufficient construction capacity, supply of equipment and other unforeseen problems arise during the construction process, this may affect the progress of construction of the entire project and delay the commissioning of the power plant.
Due to delays in construction, changes in the economic environment, inflation, exchange rate changes, among other factors, which may result in the construction of the project exceeding the budget estimates, there is a potential impact on the cash flow and rate of return of the project.3 The risk of fluctuations in the price of electricity is an important factor affecting the profitability of the company.
The price of electricity is strictly regulated by the government and may change in the level of electricity prices to companies in the future as the electricity reforms deepen and the competition for Internet access is implemented, which may affect the level of profitability of companies.4 The risks of environmental contamination caused by the project. In the course of operating nuclear power projects, the treatment of nuclear waste and contamination are involved.
Water discharges; environmental sub-pollution risks are likely to result from environmental monitoring or negligence in sewerage systems.5 The risk of policy change affects the approval and construction of nuclear power plants. Depending on a number of factors, the country remains cautious about nuclear power projects and local support for nuclear power projects varies.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.