Seal Cement (600585) - China Cement “core assets”, the pricing system is urgently needed to recreate Chinese Cement “core assets”, the well-deserved “tenbagger”. “World Cement looks at China, China looks at conch”.
Liu Xiaoning’s market value rose nearly 18 times from the market until the end of 2022, and was a well-deserved star stock in the construction materials industry. At this point, it is the market’s concern that the core asset position of the conch in the cement industry should be suppressed.
They judge that, in the context of the re-engineering of downstream real estate demand structures and local government debtization, cement demand will remain under pressure, but at the same time, changes in the configuration of large categories of assets at the end of the country’s assets have just begun, or will be valued for companies with the advantage of sustainable cash flow, such as conch. This paper aims to find the anchors of corporate value through both historical retraces and valuations.
Liu Xiaoning's Redevelopment Road, a “t”-type strategy, builds the foundation, costs and needs side-coastal rivers. The essence of the rise of conch cement is that it captures two elements of competition in the cement industry: costs and demand (regional track). Cement production barriers are low and short legs.
The industry landscape is largely dependent on the pattern of competition and demand trends in the region, so the firms that are able to move out are, on the one hand, the firms that are at the bottom of the industry ' s cost curve, where homogenous competition is neutral and undefeated, and, on the other hand, the pre-eminences that are most dynamic and sustainable in terms of demand. The rise of conch cement is the first of these two.
The main thing about the industry’s development over 20 years after being listed is that the dividends of the region’s economic development are captured by the great craftsmen’s spirit and keen sense of smell. Re-opening the market’s market value path, with its long-term decline in valuations, is a profit-driven move to market value.
Motivated, we smoothed the impact of the cyclical factor (product prices), opting for the 2002 and 2009 cost optimizations (32% decline in the third fee) that were close to the average price of the company’s sales, resulting in a 1244% increase in net profit to the mother, but the company’s two rounds of valuation eventually remained marginal.
In fact, at this stage, the industry has also moved from supply to demand to overall excess, and it is the industry that, by contrast, the net return profits of the division have risen by 108% during this period, which remains the only driving force, but the valuation continues to be driven by market concerns about the sustainability of the industry’s high profitability.
The underlying value of the company under the extreme pessimism assumption is about $158.6 billion, which is significantly higher than the current market value. We believe that the difference is mainly due to the pricing of monetary funds, which the company has maintained for a long time.
A large amount of cash in hand (with surplus funds of about $58 billion) but no M&As to increase the ps or cash dividends, and a low return on money, the market does not price this portion of the assets. We judge that, in the context of a market value test opened by the company, the cash in hand is expected to be re-pricing, and the company’s reasonable market value is expected to be closer to the price of dcf. In addition, the very pessimistic assumption is long-lasting.
Rheu theory should not be touched, and any later stage of M & As restructuring with greater profitability than the bottom or growth of the company and vertical extension will result in a reasonable market value for the company being higher than that security margin.
Division averages p14.8x and pb0.8x. We believe that cement enterprises have a life cycle that increases uncertainty about current and future performance projections in the context of uncertain supply and demand prospects, and that pe pricing is not appropriate. Unlike other enterprises, conchs, as firms that occupy low cost curves in the cement industry, have a long-term profitability even in extreme cases, dcf fixes
Given that the current market value is about 20% below our dcf value, it is covered for the first time, with an “upgrading” rating. Markets are generally concerned that, in the context of downstream re-engineering of real estate demand structures and local government debtization, cement demand will continue to be stressed and uncertainty about the business’s performance for the current year and future years will increase in the context of uncertain supply and demand prospects.
There is a risk of continued decline. But we believe that, unlike other enterprises, conch, as a low cost curve in the cement industry, still has the ability to last even in extreme cases. According to our absolute valuation method, extreme pessimism assumes that the company has an intrinsic value of about $158.6 billion, which is significantly higher than the current market value.
The price of the money, which the company had long maintained in hand cash (with surplus funds of about $58 billion) but did not take over, buy up the ps or cash dividends, pay back less, so that the market did not price this portion of the asset. But, in our judgement, in the context of a market value test initiated by the company, cash is expected to be re-pricing, and the company’s reasonable market value is expected to flow.
dcf price convergence. Moreover, the theory of sustainable profits under this extreme pessimistic assumption should not be touched, and any later stage where profitability is higher than the bottom profit, or when M & As restructuring and vertical extension bring growth to the company will lead to a market value that is higher than the security margin.
1. China Cement “core assets”
“World Cement looks at China, China Cement looks at conch.” Sea conch cement is the first company in the cement industry to be listed in a+h stock, and its position in China’s cement industry is significant. The company was established on 1 September 1997. It has now completed over 20 years of transition from a mountain cement factory to “core assets” in China’s cement industry, the world’s largest single-brand supplier.
By mid-2023, the clinker production capacity had been reported at 269 million tons, cement production capacity at 388 million tons, bone production capacity at 130 million tons, commercial concrete production capacity at 33.3 million cubic metres, and light storage capacity at 513mw.