On October 10th, 2024, high-end cis was imported and product structure optimized.
The company's ov50h base-cis has been launched with 14 millimeters and 11o12 models: ov50k40, which was launched in March 24, 24, with the first edition from Glory Magic, is expected to be in Mi15pro and is expected to be high at mate70.
On the other hand, the company is expected to introduce more small pixel products for long focus, and to achieve full coverage of the mobile phone camera by adjusting the master and length of the device so that it can be applied to ultra-wide angles and forecasts. On the other hand, the high-end cis output of the cell phone is tight, and the apple cis upgrades squeeze on Sony production, domestic hands.
There is a strong will on the part of the airline to replace the national product, it is expected that the company will cut into more high-end aircraft, and auto-pilot upgrades will drive car-car-car capacity demand, especially for Tesla's Robotaxi and radish running into a substantial commercial phase, and l4 auto-pilot applications will accelerate.
The accumulation of Chinese L3 test plates will facilitate large-scale landing of the L3 model, with car-mounted cis expected to report bright performance, high-end product-driven company growth.
In addition, vehicle-mounted loops have entered the bottom rebound phase, 1.3 m+isp prices have gradually entered the bottom, and high pixel cis penetration on the loop lens has accelerated, and the value of the car is expected to double. As for adas, companies are expected to cut in with the forward view programmes of horizons, black sesame, etc.
Medium-Term Strategic Report 2024 for the National Dollar Securities and Electronics Industry: Science and Technology Hardware, we predict the company's annual revenues of $26,146 million and the net profits of the parent company amounted to $3,191 million a year.
Downward risk: new products imported to customers less than expected: downstream demand less than expected: other systemic risks: Figure 1: Companies ' quarterly collections and increases (millions of dollars) Figure 2: Companies ' single-quarter net profit returns and increases (millions of dollars)
Figure 3: Māori rates and net interest rates by quarter of company Figure 4: Change in company roa/roe Figure 5: Change in company cost rate
Figure 6: Corporate operations Downstream upswing: The upswing in downstream industry will lead to an increase in the volume of corporate output, good companies. Mobile phone cis accelerates the import of high-end markets: the company is now cutting into the high-end mobile phone market, accelerating the import of high-end hands.
The aircraft type will drive companies to perform better than expected. Automated driver penetration: Automated driver penetration and upgrades will drive demand for car-car capacity, and high-pixel-cis product demand will lead to product-asp upswing, accelerating company vehicle-car-car-cis performance growth.
New products are imported to customers less than expected: new products such as ov50k40 are introduced by companies that are blocked from importing customers, with adverse effects on the company’s performance. Other systemic risks are: Central American trade friction, border politics friction, etc.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts