Welle shares (603501.ch): Three-quarter performances.
• Reaffirm the “buy-in” rating of Weir shares: The three-quarter performance of Weir shares is consistent with our previous judgement that the company is in a semiconductor cycle and with the company's previous performance forecast.
The Division's three-quarter growth in revenue, Māori rates, net profit rates have all increased at the same rate, and profits have increased at a significantly higher rate than revenue growth, with the basic face-to-face cycle continuing to rise. According to the business plate, Weir's share of cellular cis has continued to rise, and we expect it to be supported by expansion of capacity next year.
There is still room for a higher degree of certainty, and mobile phone cis Maori is expected to remain at 30%. The company’s car cis business benefits from a rapid increase in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles and intelligent driving, with a higher rate of certainty of entry and a stable rate of more than 40%, which is expected to continue in 2025.
The new product business is expected to see a profit-making balance or profit-making that further enhances the company’s profitability. We therefore maintain a more optimistic fundamental judgement about Weir’s shares. At present, the public administration’s current forward market surplus is 31.1 x below the historical average, and the valuation has room to go up, reiterating that
• Three quarters of performance is in line with the performance forecast: in the third quarter of this year, Weir's share income reached the renminbi (million yuan) and the total market value (million yuan) improved for five consecutive quarters.
The company’s cost rate has increased slightly over the year, and the operating profit homogeneity is in line with the market and our expectations. The company’s net profit has increased by 341% over the three-quarters, year round and year 2025.
• Valuation: we use dcf valuations, using a 2.2% no-risk rate, and assume that Wel Unit • invests risk: end demand such as smartphones, new energy vehicles, etc. increases less than expected. Upstream growth results in insufficient action on the price of corporate products. Industry competition increases, and companies have a Māori ratio.
Pressure. The new business is heavily invested, delaying performance.e = Silver International Forecasts
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Spob International, Pilgrim International, Spobnational.
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate income growth is not as high as expected
(b) Strong demand growth for terminals such as smart phones and new energy vehicles;
(a) Upstream cost increases and insufficient action on the price of a company's products;
The recipients of this report, including any relevant annexes, have expressed and assured their right to receive this report in accordance with the following conditions:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is prepared by the Group Information and other public information that is considered to have been collected from holders of the first category (securitization transactions) and the fourth category (opinion on securities) of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is only intended to provide information and cannot be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as a professional opinion or investment in legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
For any recommendation, you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on the legal and related matters related to any of the transactions described in this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice, or may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress made after the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you shall not make any decision on investment, withdrawal or other financial aspects solely on the basis of the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which can be based on a number of assumptions, limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations, and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pui Jin International.
(collectively “Phibbing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies referred to in this report or in relation to them, and may from time to time buy or sell.