Weir shares (603501) The share of car ciss continues to rise, and emerging markets, such as anar glasses, continue to develop car cis actively. The company has already developed a compact car cis solution.
It covers a wide range of car applications, such as adas, internal cab controls, electronic rearview mirrors, dashboard cameras, backviews, and panoramic images. The excellent performance of the company's car cis products also helps the company gain more access to new designs.
A vehicle image sensor product with different specifications of the technology has also been published for high-performance pre-machine visuals that can be used for high-level driving aids (adas) and autopilots (ad). At the same time, the company has gained valuable experience and perfected cars in the automobile industry for almost 20 years.
The scheme will continue to enrich the matrix of car-grade products, providing new impetus for the continued growth of the company's annual performance and for a sustained increase in market share. As high-end driving camera configuration expands to medium- and low-cost models, the market will release a great deal of demand.
There has been a relatively significant increase in the number of pixels. Companies continue to have a strong share in the country, and the expansion of foreign markets has accelerated, keeping in view the space that will follow carciss.
Enabling terminal devices achieve eye tracking, synchronization and mapping functions (“slam”), and corporate image sensor products have a high advantage in small size and low power consumption with a maximum/minimum price of ar/vr eye within 52 weeks
In addition to the end-user demand, such as mirrors, the loos products developed by the company provide additional support to emerging markets, such as ar/vr, in terms of economic suitability and programme viability, by virtue of their high resolution, contour, low power and low cost characteristics.
Downstream demand is less than expected: product R & D is less advanced than expected: the data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.