Weir shares (603501.sh) Electronic integrated circuits (IEDs) showed a marked improvement in iii performance and a rise in the share of technology leading promoters & by-catch
On October 9, 2024, Weir shares issued an advance performance announcement for the first three quarters of 2024. The continued penetration of high-end mobile product imports & automobile adas applications has led to a significant increase in corporate performance as a whole, thanks to a sustained recovery in market demand and an increase in downstream customer demand, coupled with the company’s presence in the high-end smartphone market.
In addition, in order to better cope with the impact of industrial volatility, companies have actively promoted product structural and supply chain optimization, a gradual recovery in the Māori rate of corporate products and a significant improvement in overall performance.
The company has completed a full series of back-to-back production layouts in smartphones while actively promoting product structure.
Optimize and optimize the supply chain structure and improve the competitiveness of the product mix.
It's the world's first smartphone cis that uses theiacelTM technology to achieve a single exposure to Wang Haivi's light close to the human eye level.
In August 2024, the company introduced ov50m40 (1/2.88 inches), which is expected to increase rapidly.
50mp, 0.61 μm) to respond to the demand for small size 50 mpcis for a fore camera, wide angle, hyperbolic angle, long focus, etc.: production is expected to be achieved in 24q4. ov50m40 uses the purecelplus-s chip stacking technique, Weir shares: Māori significantly improved, 50 mp series replacements
Support staggered hdr and daghdr technologies, coupled with advanced noise mitigation technologies, and support high-growth models
A simulation gain of up to 64 times. In addition, ov50m40 captures high-quality images on a continuous basis by after- or in-the-phore, and Weir shares: 24q2 has a record high, with attention and a fast-track transition to two or three times the high-quality acromatic change of the long-focal camera.
Half-yearly flagship launch - Joaquin securities, electronics, Weir, China, Mi, Glory, and other major mobile operators' flagship model is posted here, and the company's 50mp series chip is expected.
The chip is expected to continue in volumes - Hmgold securities, electronics-well, and the auto cis product matrix continues to improve, with performance advantages matched to end demand for ai glasses and so on.
Apocalypse - Joaquin securities - electronics - Weir shares - company depths, using a 2.9-metre-pixel structure of Purecelplaus technology, achieved excellent low-optimal performance. A 26 per cent increase in light sensitivity compared to the 2-m product of 2.8-m pixels of the previous generation. In addition, ox02d10
Weir shares: 24q1 profits are higher than the ring, high-end cis designs with low-capacity (work mode power as low as 110 mw) and miniaturized a-csp envelopes (sizes only for continuous increase in shares - Joaquin securities - electronics - Weir shares - public)
6.6x3.9mm.292 Prior to the introduction of the first cis product, ox08d10, using 2.1 μm theiacelTM technology, for high-end applications such as adas. We believe that as the number of bicycle ciss continues to grow and the penetration rate of 8mpcis rises from year to year, the country's new energy vehicle is at the forefront of the global market.
In bits, the company’s car cis performance is expected to continue at a high rate of growth. Emerging markets: the company’s advantage in small size and low power consumption of corporate cis products by giving end-of-life devices such functions as eye tracking, homogenous positioning and mapping (“slam”) through its leading edge in global exposure technology
In addition, the lcos product developed by the company, with its high resolution, condensed shape, low power consumption and low cost characteristics, will provide additional support to emerging markets such as the ar/vr, including the ai glasses, in terms of economic suitability and programme feasibility.
Investment proposals: Given the current demand for end-markets such as mobile phones, and the company’s continued roll-out of high-value products, represented by ov50h, we adjust the previous projections of the company’s performance. The full range of end-of-cycle coverage is expected to allow multiple core technologies to continue to refine to provide ultra-high-quality imagery and build core competitiveness.
Continued recommendation to maintain the “buy-a” rating.