Weir shares (603501ch) 3q24 showed high performance growth, multiple fields of activity opened up long-term growth space  3q24 has continued to grow at an all-time high, and profitability has improved continuously. 3q24 won $6.82 billion.
In the same year, it rose by 10 per cent, and the ring by 6 per cent, mainly from downstream demand. With the company’s continued penetration of products in the high-end smartphone market and in auto-driven driving, the Māori rate of 3q24 rose by 30.4 per cent, compared with 8.7 percentage points.
The ring has grown by 0.2 percentage points, and the Māori rate has grown for five consecutive quarters, largely as a result of the optimized product structure and good control over supply chain costs. Smart cellular phone sciss has made significant progress in high-end and is expected to increase its share even further.
Sov50h has entered the list of domestic mainstream branded flagship ship-type hosts, such as China and Mi. The company ov50k, as the first global smartphone cis using theiacelTM technology, has launched a photo in the Glory Magic6 to /rsr Porsche version. Management will say that it will be next year.
In addition to the vertical extension of the high-end sector, companies are also active in developing long-focal by-products and horizontal expansion of the product matrix. The company launched a new generation of ov50m40 in August of this year.
The front camera continues to capture high-quality images and achieves two or three times the high-quality tailoring of long-focal cameras. Car cis continues to penetrate the autopilot field, and high-end vehicle-borne cameras open up the growth space.
For higher resolution and lower power consumption. The company’s 5mpcis product oxo5d10, which uses theiacel technology, applies to high-dynamic range (hdr) and lfm (led scintillation). The Department of Public Information indicated at the performance session that the current 10-15 million dollar medium- and low-end vehicle model also tends to be more numerous.
With respect to the new market, the company said that this year’s expansion of business in the field of machine visuals was focused, and we believe that this could be another long-term growth curve. In terms of touch and display, the company indicated that it had its own.
David Wang, phd, cfa tddi's profitability will continue to improve and make a profit over the next three years.
Weir shares (603501ch) Wehr shares (603501ch) Wehr shares (603501ch)
Weir shares (603501ch)