On 25 October 2024, Weir shares issued the third quarter report for 2024.
There has been a significant increase in the performance of mobile phones and automobiles 135,748.65 as the consumer market warms further, the demand for downstream customers increases, and the company is in the high-end smartphone market.
Imports of products and the continued penetration of autopilot applications in the automobile market have led to steady growth in corporate revenue collection. At the same time, due to factors such as optimized product structure and cost control, the Māori rate of corporate products has gradually recovered, overall performance has increased the share of technology-led mobile phone owners & by-catch, and continued promotion of high-end car-cis products.
Mobile phones: The company has completed a full series of back-to-back master products layouts in the smartphone field, while actively developing long-term by-products such as focus, which are expected to increase rapidly, depending on performance advantages such as broad dynamics and low power consumption. For masters, ov50h, based on excellent performances, is widely used for the back-to-back use of high-end smartphones in the mainstream of the country.
The program, which is gradually replacing competitions from overseas, is making a major breakthrough in the company’s market share in high-end smartphones. The first global smartphone cisov50k40, which uses theiacelTM technology, is able to achieve a single exposure close to the eye level with a lofic function. In August 2024, the company launched ov50m40 (1/2.88).
Sun Peak inch, 50mp, 0.61 m) for the appetizers, wide angles, hyperbolic angles, long focus, etc.
The first wave is expected to be launched at the end of October, with the Glory Magic7 series announced for release on October 30.
New opportunities are being released, and the company’s 50mp series of chips is expected to benefit fully from continued use. Cars: The company covers a wide range of car applications with an advanced, compact car cis solution. For advanced applications such as forward-looking high-end applications, the company launched the first 12 million pixel sensors in the automobile industry in October 2024.
Weller shares: significant improvement in performance, technological leader X12a10 (1/1.43 inches, 12mp, 2.1 μm), expected to produce 25q3. & by-product growth & & by-catch growth & & Joaquin securities & electronics & Weir shares & public
The technology of theiacelTM has been successful in achieving a broader dynamic range of the highest-resolution sensors in the company ' s 2.1 μmtheiacelTM product series, which also includes 8mpox08d10 and 5mpox05d10.
Mostly for mainstream vehicles, while ox12a10 is designed to meet the visual needs of the next generation of adas and ad machines for high-end boosts of competing power - Hwakin securities - electricity. For applications such as clairvoyant and rear vision, the company is also the only one that uses theiacel.
TM 3.0 μm pixel vehicle visual sensor - ox03h10 (1/2.44 inch, 3mp, 3 μm), Weir shares: 24q2 battalion at an all-time high, with a single exposure of 140 db dynamic range, expected to produce 25 h1. For visual applications inside the vehicle, the company has already flown.
Half-yearly flagship launch - Joaquin securities-electronics-well shares - Lips partnered to develop the first global driver health monitoring solution.
According to the Chinese electronics, October 19th, sk Hercules is cutting off images of his low operational viability.
Wel shares: Chis technology is a global leader, passing through the cycle and cutting production of 12 inches of cis to 6,000 pieces per month by the end of the year. 24q3sk Hercules non-storage start-up -- Joaquin securities -- electronic-well shares -- company depth
The chip business accounts for only 3%. Supply side patterns will continue to be optimized as Korean manufacturers, such as ssk Hercules, abandon part of the cis market. On the demand side, as traditional markets, such as security, are warming back, consumer electronics are rising again, car market intelligence is accelerating, and new visual needs, such as ar/vr, are emerging.
39.0/28.9/22.5. The corporate cis product matrix achieves a full range of coverage at the mid-to-high end, with multiple core technologies continuously refined to provide ultra-high quality imagery and high core competitiveness of products. Continuously recommend and maintain a “buy-in-a” rating, industry risk, market competition, systemic risk, etc.