Weir shares (603501.sh)
As large model capabilities continue to increase, the aiot smart hardware, represented by the ai glasses, is emerging, and the advantage of visual visualization as a ai glasses will greatly enhance the experience of the ai hardware and enrich the application landscape. Ten ai glasses are expected to be available in 2025, and Weir shares are expected to be the dragons of the domestic image sensors.
Head companies, which have advantages in the low-power, small-sized, high-resolution fields, are expected to look to the future in a wave of eyeglasses and, while the market is not expanding in mobile phones, carciss, the demand for eyeglasses is rising, the company will benefit: 2024 is expected to be the year of eyeglasses.
Robid, snap, meta, Pepsi, Looktech, Thunderbird Innovation, Lightning Technology, xreal, etc. have all published smart glasses-related products. At the same time, technology giants like Samsung, Oppo, Vivo, Huaieng, Tote, and byte beats are also active in the layout of the ai-glass project.
The product, the image recognition of the ai glasses, will enhance the user’s experience of using them, with clear advantages in areas such as sports, education, industry, security, and medical care. Well’s leading enterprise as a domestic image sensor has a rich technological build-up in the area of miniature low-utility image sensors, and it is hoped.
The product mix, 3024, has reached an all-time high and the profitability continues to improve: the company achieved business in the first three quarters of 2024.
RMB 18,911 million, or 25.4 per cent for yoy; net profit 2.38 billion, or 9.5 per cent for yoy, which continues to rise to record levels of $1.01 billion, or 368.3 per cent for yoy, actively promoting product and supply chain structural optimization and achieving high-end smartphone master cards,
This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not personal clients. The report could not be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.