A significant improvement in the performance and continued improvement in profitability of Weir stock (603501), event: Weir shares issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2024, which was achieved in the first three quarters of 2024
Market demand has continued to recover, and downstream repairs have led to significant improvements in corporate performance. Corporate performance in the first three quarters of 2024 has grown relatively high, mainly because of a sustained recovery in market demand and the need for downstream customers to grow, along with company product imports in high-end smartphone markets and auto-markets.
In addition, to better cope with the impact of industrial volatility, companies have actively promoted product structure optimization and supply chain structure optimization, and a gradual recovery in corporate product Māori ratios, with significant overall performance gains.
The company has completed a full series of machine-style and backloaded products in the field of smart and cellular phones, while actively promoting product structure, total equity/flow (billion shares)
Optimize and optimize the structure of the supply chain to improve the competitiveness of the product mix. For example, the company has a high-end image sensor 0v50h of 120m 50 million pixels, which is widely available at the highest/lowest price in 12 months, based on its superior performance.
In the case of high-end smartphones, companies are gradually replacing the same products as their competitors abroad, making a major breakthrough in their market share in high-end smartphones. In the case of automobiles, companies are covered by sophisticated car-cis solutions.
A wide range of car applications, including adas, internal controls in the cab, electronic rearview mirrors, dashboard cameras, backviews, and panoramic images. In recent years, the company ' s car cos product has shown excellent performance and helped the company gain more access to new designs, and the company ' s car cos's performance is expected to continue.
The company, as the leading cis designer in the country, has a strong overall business profile, and we expect the Pacific Academy to be located on the 7th floor of the 2nd Unit D of the North Side Street, 9th Expedition North, Beijing City.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.