On October 28, 2024, mobile phone cis drove q3 and the product matrix continued to improve.
The net profit of the mother is 2,375 million yuan (yoy+544.74%), close to the expected median of the performance of q3. For the third quarter, corporate revenue is $6,817 million (yoy+9.55%, qoq+5.73%) higher than the expected median;
Cellular sis: The company introduced ov50h into the high-end cellular sis field, followed by the world's premier market value in circulation (millions): ov50k40 with lofic technology, currently 50mp products have been cut into millet, Huasung, etc.
The company is expected to launch a small pixel product, ov50m40, next year, which will bring out the Director's focal area and provide full-scale coverage of the mobile camera by adjusting the parameters of the master camera and the length of the focus cis to be applied to the ultra-wide angle and front camera.
Technology advantages are expected to help companies gain a larger market share. In addition, companies are expected to roll out a series of 200 and 50 mp high-end products next year, and the product matrix continues to improve, leading to faster auto-drivers than car cis: Tesla's roll-out of Robotaxi.
As a follow-up, Hwa ads 4.0 will be launched in 2025, and Peng is expected to roll out Robotaxi in 2026. Autopilot upgrades will lead to an increase in the number of single-car cameras and pixel upgrades, super-driving autopilots starting to infiltrate low-end vehicles with larger market space.
Research-Weir Stock (603501.sh) Stock Exchange Review with a strong technological accumulation of ox02d10 of 2mp products, launched in August 2424, with reports: high end cis imports of mobile phones and excellent product structure performance
Low-power, high-performance features that apply to adas, dvr and within applications.
Large market shares, coupled with high-end 8mpadas, are expected to follow the forward-looking programmes introduced by companies such as Hesesame, Horizon, Research-Wear Stock Exchanges (603501.sh), which will lead to an increase in market share.
Report: High-end product-driven corporate growth: Upward risk: Downstream uplifting: cell phone sis accelerating the import of high-end markets: autopilot Down risk: New product imports are less than expected: Downstream demand is less than expected: other systemic risks
Figure 1: Quarterly rates of growth (millions of dollars)
Figure 4: Corporate operations Downstream upswing: The upswing in downstream industry will lead to an increase in the volume of corporate output, good companies. Mobile phone cis accelerates the import of high-end markets: the company is now cutting into the high-end mobile phone market, accelerating the import of high-end hands.
The aircraft type will drive companies to perform better than expected. Automated driver penetration: Automated driver penetration and upgrades will drive demand for car-car capacity, and high-pixel-cis product demand will lead to product-asp upswing, accelerating company vehicle-car-car-cis performance growth.
New products are imported to customers less than expected: new products such as ov50k40 are introduced by companies that are blocked from importing customers, with adverse effects on the company’s performance. Other systemic risks are: Central American trade friction, border politics friction, etc.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts