Report 2020 and Report 2021: Performance Supermarkets expect that the impact of the tightening of Internet education policies will be limited, with a significant increase of 85.35 per cent over the same period and a net return profit of 1.368 billion yuan over the same period of 249.84 per cent over the same period.
The company ' s income was almost equal in 2020, mainly because the epidemic led to the closure of the cinema, which was only $478 million for the entire year, a decrease of 75.87 per cent compared to the previous year. The building ' s media revenue performance was impressive, and recovery from the epidemic was exceeding expectations, ranging from 1,827 million in q1 to 26.17 in q2.
In the first quarter of 2021, income and profits were at an all-time high, with 32.40 billion building buildings, or 77.5 per cent of the year, and 339 million cinema advertising, or 232.2 per cent of the year, continuing business growth.
The situation since last year's o4. This is higher than q1, mainly due to a significant reduction in the number of people who returned home in spring 2021; and a tightening of the advertising of educational training institutions affected by the policy, with public advertising of educational advertisers online.
But the company’s revenue structure is diverse, and online education advertisers, who account for a certain share of the revenue, continue to expand the development of advertisers in various industries, thus limiting the negative impact. Looking back at the expected growth in corporate incomes in the year 2020, large supermarkets are due to new consumption,
As a result of the increase in advertising in different sectors, such as finance, games, etc., even the emergence of new consumers, funds, etc., has been unexpected. The macroeconomic warming has led to a large number of advertising in various sectors, 1 and the Distributive Media (002027): performance.
The main profit improvement is a major reason for brand advertising, such as the building’s media. Significant improvement, rapid recovery from the economic recovery, re-emerged, new consumption opened up.
The rapid transformation of digitalization is improving the growth space of the crowd. The 2020-10-22 business model uses cloud distribution, precision placement, data flow, co-benefits, etc.
In the third quarter of 2020, the company gradually opened the dsp system to authorized agents, allowing them to go online for precision building selection.
Big ahead of expectations, business stops are now available and selected times, online placements and monitoring have opened up a geo-positioned lbs screen advertising service for life-service physical terminals. The Second Curve is gradually on track.
3. Divisional Media (002027): Dual Cycles of Operating Volatility and Competition Patterns  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Short-term gains on company performance due to Internet education policy tightening
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board