The headlines are multi-dimensional, h1-directed confidence-building — 20 years in the mass media and 21q1 points out 0.3 per cent: net profit for mothers is 4 billion yuan, an increase of 113.5 per cent; net profit for non-retroactive mothers is 3.65 billion yuan.
The return to historical highs in the quarterly advertising of Cao Xut continues to be the main driver of growth. Demand is strong, and corporate income rebounds rapidly: 20q1 fell to $1.83 billion in the first quarter of the epidemic.
In the midst of a wave of Internet competition, the potential for building advertising to grow is being unleashed. The firm’s location optimization has shown remarkable results, and the listing + price increases have led to an increase in single-screen revenue: q1 floor media received $3.24 billion, which has exceeded an average income of $2.932 billion per season of 18 to 19, but media funds
The number of sources has not yet reached an all-time high (there is still 10% space), attesting to the remarkable positive results of corporate spot optimization, a debt cost that remains low. Historically, the cost of media rentals for the first three quarters of a company’s business cost has fallen by 18% compared to the same time, and the gross profit rate for advertising in buildings has increased.
The basis for growth - a new wave of consumption will surely have a new generation of young brands: brands are at the heart of the consumer's mind, what is different from the effect ads, brand advertisements are more permanent, brand advertisements are more permanent.
In 18 years, the company has worked to optimize its client structure, seeking to diversify and adapt to the times, with 35% of customers using consumer goods per day for 20 years, 27% for the Internet, 8% for the transport industry, 6% for recreation, 5% for business, and 5% for real estate.
5%. Depending on the performance board, clients in the education sector have limited influence and can be decentralized. Corporate product thinking – Bigka looping +lbs small-business smart-in-the-board insertion booster: Bigka still pursues the detonation effect and consumer mind occupation, with priority being given to second-line cities.
Given the fact that the crowds still have a strong leader, the price of conversion to cpm is no more expensive than the Internet platform. Currently, the Ibs smart insertions are already being tested, with a unit price of only 10,000 yuan, which is expected to generate revenue for small businesses based on a certain geographical distance.
6. At the unit price level, the escalators are not significantly more expensive than adverts, and single screens generate 4-5k per year. For businesses, the cost is at the Cpm unit price for advertising Internet streams.
(outdoor + home + garbage + courier + home), considering the rest of the population, one advertising spot, more than 300 single-day circulations, one screen conservative estimate of 100,000 annual circulations, cpm should be divided into public buildings 40-50 thousand. According to research, quality Internet information flows are flat.
Film theater advertisements have rebounded in a veritable manner, further boosting performance. The closure of cinemas after 20 years of disease has reduced company revenues, and the regular year quarterly billing of cinemas is about 500 million, but 201-q3 has a combined total of only 160 million in three quarters.
The recovery began on the q4 line, with 21q1 earning $340 million from the spring season-affected cinema advertising, but still some room for content supply compared to the normal year. The overall cost is well under control, and the refunds are significantly improved.
The cost of sales (1.5 per cent of income) has been well controlled in the past two years at 18-20 per cent intervals. The company has sufficient cash flows, long-term loans have been repaid at 20q4 and financial costs are expected to be saved. There has also been a marked improvement in the return, with 89 working days due, compared to 96/131/116 days in the last three years.
Client expansion is less than expected, the risk of increased competition in the industry, the expansion of advertising positions is less than expected, has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.