Medium and Micro (688012): Increase in R & D inputs, increase competitiveness, long-term growth trend
$277 million, an increase of 105.3 per cent from the same year, net profit from non-mortality - $45 million, a fall from the same year, is a high-end semiconductor microprocessor company, deep-dry chip manufacturing etching, our integrated circuits.
Billion dollars, or 51.0 per cent more than the same year, excluding non-mother-to-mother net profits - $86 million, down 188.0 per cent more than the same year, leading firms in the industry. Companies focus on integrated circuits, and the manufacture of led critical equipment.
In the long run, the US has imposed further sanctions on China, and pressure on China’s semiconductor industrial chain. In the short term, the need for central equipment to be glorified and nationalized has intensified.
In the third quarter of the year, the company had at least 12 sculpters in storage in the Yangtze River, and from the beginning of the year to the present, the total number of sculpters has risen to at least 21, laying the foundation for growth in the company’s performance over the fourth quarter and next year. Ten thousand yuan, representing 17.7% of revenue, is the basis for technologically driven companies to build up their power.
In the future, as core products are sold up, the scale of R & D will gradually be reflected, and the level of corporate profitability will increase significantly. The lower capitalization of R & D in the third quarter reflects the longer cycle of R & D projects in companies, which often result in higher unit prices for technology-driven firms.
Keeping an eye on the company's potential for industrial synergies, the company issued three quarterly bulletins on visual investment and investment restructuring in Shanghai.
The main business is currently related to optical detection equipment in integrated circuits or led manufacturing. Erosion machines are one of the three core devices in semiconductor manufacturing, and core equipment suppliers are more likely to lead the synergy and integration of the industrial chain, as seen in the development of leading foreign firms.
The company’s profit forecast and investment rating: the short-term impact of the epidemic is dissipating, the semiconductor’s national production replacement division’s long-term technological development capacity is maintained, and the “very recommended” rating is maintained.
Wuty@dxzq.net.cn Source of Eastern Finance and Sino-micro Corporation (688012): R & D investment for competitiveness with strong long-term development trends
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
China House (688012): R & D investment to improve competitiveness, long-term trends strong Liu Huixia Research Assistant profile
Master of Finance, Graduated from Harbin Industrial University, Master of Engineering, formerly employed as a nuclear power engineer at the China-China Nuclear Group, and joined East Hing Securities in 2019 for research in the electronics sector.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.