Three-quarterly reports of steady growth, with high R & D costs sustained by Jubabe, with a profit of $277 million, or +105.26 per cent, compared to +45.26 per cent; net profit from non-return to the mother - $45 million.
q3 income grew steadily, non-recurrent gains and losses were attributed to the growth of the parent's profits, and non-profits were realized for the first time in the first three quarters of the year.498 billion yuan, or +19.6 per cent of the year, largely benefiting from the continuing global semi-carrier industry, with the domestic chip equipment market still maintaining high investment rules with policy support.
The company's net profit for the third quarter alone was $158 million, or +51.0 per cent, and the net profit for the non-mother was $86 million, resulting in a loss for the first time. q3 non-recurring gains and losses amounted to $240 million, consisting mainly of government replenishments.
For $93 million, and for the net gain or loss on fair value changes resulting from indirectly held middle-core international equities, $155 million. The company’s net profit from non-repatriation fell significantly, mainly because the intangible asset amortized in the form of development expenditure was accounted for as operating costs, resulting in a total operating cost of $508 million for q3.
The Māori ratio of 3 dropped markedly, and cost controls were well regulated, while the amortization of intangible assets resulting from development expenditure was accounted for by operating costs. 18.8 per cent net interest rate in the first three quarters of 2020 compared to 31.7 per cent net interest rate in the previous quarter of +7.7 pct, q3 single-quarter interest rate.
+6 pct. q3 net interest rate increased significantly, mainly due to a significant increase in non-recurrent gains and losses, with a significant improvement of $1 billion, mainly due to cash received for the sale of commodities and the amount of government subsidies received, compared to the previous year, to speed up the bidding process for the downstream crystal mills, which created an opportunity for national production.
According to the China International Tender Network, in early July the Yangtze stored and published a new round (41st) of international tenders, including high-concurrent chip splitrs, high-speed chip testers, etc.
The second phase of the National Storage Base Project, implemented by the Yangtze Storage, began in June, planning performance 20 per cent of the year 2020-08-300,000 m/m. The Yangtze Storage Line has a high rate of success among domestic manufacturers, and it is expected that intensive tenders for storage will be promoted.
2. China Insignia (688012): Performance: Accelerating national production rate of equipment. Stable growth, semiconductor equipment to national production.
According to China ' s International Tender Network, since 2020, China has had a mid-point high ranking of 9 etching opportunities in the Yangtze River, with 12 per cent in the field and 40 per cent in the area of China.
Three of the rainbow semiconductor's corrosion devices, representing 14% of the area. The accelerated bidding at the downstream crystalworker will give companies an opportunity to nationalize.
On 28 August, the company disclosed a plan for an increase in stocks to be issued to specific target audiences, for a total amount not to exceed 10 billion yuan, of which $3.17 billion was allocated to a micro-industrial base construction project, $3.75 billion to a headquarters in China and to a research and development centre project, and $3.08 billion to a science and technology reserve fund.
In terms of specific projects (1) Micro-Industrial Base Construction Project, the company plans to build new production bases in the new Shanghai border area and in the new high-rise area of the city of Nanchang, to expand the production capacity of integrated circuit equipment and the products of general semiconductor equipment; (2) Port China headquarters and the R & D Centre project will meet the development of integrated circuit equipment, general semiconductor equipment, key components, etc.
The semiconductor equipment industry is a technology-intensive industry. In 2019, $2.05 billion and $1,190 million were invested in global semiconductor equipment pipelines and pan forest semiconductors, respectively, and only 425 million were invested in corporate research and development.
In the long run, the implementation of the fund-raising project will effectively expand the company’s capacity to produce its main products, strengthen its research and development capabilities, and improve its performance and profitability. The ratio is 226/188/155, respectively; the company is the only one in the crystallized manufacturing chain that has access to the global flagship.
The chain's national producers of equipment, with an advanced technology of 5 nm, enjoy a valuation premium and maintain an “increase” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board