Continuous performance repair, "5g+data centre" driving company to pick up the pick-up point, new ecstasy.
The company's ability to make a profit has recovered since the Jan Joaki 4q2018 period. In 2018, the company was home to the country.
The competitive environmental impact of a drop in sales and prices of 100 g products, coupled with an increase in depreciation fees for new inputs from companies, led to a decline in corporate overall performance in 2018. Performance began to recover 29.63% since the fourth quarter of 2018. As the sale of high-speed light module products increased, the high-speed light module came out of the company.
By product, the company-to-point module realizes revenue from the pon-light module at $85 million (-45.18 per cent), or 11.20 per cent (-6.5 pct), 5g and data centre construction drive rapid growth in the light communication industry, and corporate product enrichment contributes to higher performance.
Long. The start of the 5g global construction in 2019, with a significant increase in the demand for the 25g light module in front of 5g, and the opening of a new round of construction at the North American data centre will directly stimulate the 400g light module product market, Cisco expects that the number of megadata centre constructions will increase from 338 in 2016 to 628 in 2021.
The company has mastered high-speed photochip and lightware encapsulation techniques, and has now successfully developed nearly 3,000 photo-mode products. The company’s 5g module is also involved in a national 5g-carrying team to test and complete all tests, and the client side is expected to make a breakthrough. The company has launched a minimum capacity of 400g series light.
Modular products contribute to the upgrading of megadata centres and cloud networks; with the large roll-out of 5g and the rapid development of the data centre market, new market opportunities will be created for the light module industry, with high-speed products expected to be released.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the new euphoria (300502): sustained performance repair, the 5g+data centre driving the company to meet the turning point, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly relevant.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.