Tail cement (600585.sh): Industry continues to be depressed, internal extension and overseas expansion of new space conch cement.
In 2024, it achieved operating income of 91,03 billion yuan, a decrease of 35.44 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the owner of the division was 7,696 million yuan, a decrease of 26.21 per cent in the same year, and the net profit of the non-retroactivity of the mother was 35.44 per cent; the net profit of the owner of the conch cement was mainly in cement, clinker and bone materials.
The production and sale of materials, with cement clinker producing capacity in the country, is second in line with the Chinese and world cement industries.
Positive. Corporate business income fell the same time in the first quarter of 2024 and 2025, mainly due to low demand in the industry, which led to a decline in sales by the same year. In 2024, the company sold 268 million tons of home-grown cement, while the sharp decline in operating income in 2024 was mainly due to a sharp fall in prices, and in 2024 it sold conch cement.
The rise in the price of cement on a year-on-year basis has since been driven by the fall in production and policy dynamics, which contributed to a positive shift in corporate profits in the fourth quarter of 2024, with a single-quarter operating profit of 3,322 million yuan, an increase of 32.27 per cent over the previous quarter.The combined Māori rate for companies in the first quarter of 2025, driven by better prices on a year-on-year basis, was 22.88 per cent, compared to the previous quarter.
A high of 5.13 percentage points offsets the impact of a decline in sales on profits and achieves a positive one-year profit. The market share is continuously raised with the advantage of cost of scale.
The decline is only 5.96%. Companies maintain a sustained increase in their market share, as industry demand continues to decline. This is largely due to their lower production costs, which ensure that companies can maintain a certain level of profitability on the basis of moving up their market share.
The industry environment, which has been persistently depressed, has enabled companies to further increase their market share throughout the country, and M&As and overseas development have expanded new spaces. The current industry environment, which is continuing to be depressed, has not only accelerated the rise in corporate and municipal ownership, but also provided opportunities for more company-extended development.
In the meantime, the company is actively moving abroad, with offices in Africa and South America, production lines in Uzbekistan, and the Cambodian hosting line expected to be delivered in February 2025. The company’s capacity for overseas clinker production increased by 2.3 million tons in 2024, with overseas regional operations taking place.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to be owned by its parent company in 2025-2027, with the cost advantage of the company as a leader in the cement industry.
Tail cement (600585.sh): The industry continues to be depressed, internal expansion and overseas expansion of new spaces and overseas development, maintaining the corporate “very recommended” investment rating.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, conch cement (600585.sh): Industry continues to be depressed, internal and external, and new spaces developed overseas, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
More than 16 years of research experience in Zhao, combined with a framework for research covering construction materials and new non-metal materials. The financial community has learned from the best researchers in the voucher industry. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Tail cement (600585.sh): The industry continues to be depressed, has internal growth and is expanding the new space overseas without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are provided for reference only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.