(000338): Beneficiary card lines, wood, wood, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, gas, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, fuel, gas, and water, flags, flags, at the same time.
Three-quarter summary: 12,670 million won in the first three quarters of 2019, the same amount.
7.2% longer, of which $35.8 billion was collected in the third quarter, equal to the same amount. The parent company (engine business is a well-known forklift and logistics system manufacturer). The company and the owner also collected $32.2 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 12.4%.
Balad cooperates in the hydrogen fuel cell business, which grew 17.6% in the same year, with $1.77 billion in the third quarter, an increase of 10% in the same year. The mother-in-law's net profit returned to the mother-in-law in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 20.9% in the third quarter.
The net profit of $1.03 billion, an increase of 36% over the previous year’s base, is largely due to the lower base. The company’s performance meets our expectations and coincides with the seasonality of the heavy-card industry.
In 2021, there will be a marked improvement in the control of pollutants in diesel-car country VI, which is expected to result in the withdrawal of part of the tail, heavy cards, and engine manufacturers.
Together with heavy gas power, the country’s six phases will be scaled up. As Shandong’s series of heavy-workers are integrated, we believe that the ratio of heavy gas in China will increase significantly, and the scale effect will become more visible.
Overseas business progress is evident, and cyclicality will diminish. Overseas orders for heavy gas under the flag of firewood increased by 50% in the first three quarters of the year-on-year period, and overseas orders for fuel engine operations are gradually being put into use.
Figure 2: Net profit and increase in fuelwood power to the mother (combined statement) Figure 1: Growth and increase in fuelwood power (combined statement) Figure 3: Increase in fuelwood power to the mother company and increase in the same rate
Figure 4: The net profit and the same rate of growth of the wood-driven parent company, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
(000338): Upgraded threshold for the benefit of the heavy-carat industry, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the research assistant profile
Liu Qinghua University B.A., Master of Arts, cfa holder, Dartmouth College, United States, seven years of research and development and management experience in the auto parts and components industry at home and abroad.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.