The company q3 achieved business income of $35.8 billion, operating income of $12.6 billion, an increase of 7.2 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit of $7.06 billion, an increase of the same value.
In the first three quarters, sales in the heavy-card sector remained stable, and the company’s earnings were relatively robust. The profits grew faster at the end, mainly because of the rise in large-volume motors in the company’s product structure and the increase in the Māori-driven rate, which resulted in a higher rate of profit than the increase in income.
The company is a domestic heavy-card engine leader, with a leading advantage in 12, 13l major engines. In particular, the country’s six emissions demand a rise in the engine, and the market share is likely to be concentrated on technologically superior poles.
The sales ratio has increased, contributing to the company’s Māori rate. At the same time, the company’s accompanying non-road drive has grown faster, with engineering machinery and agricultural engines contributing new growth points. Total equity/flow (million shares)
The super-plus phase-out increases the power gap, and the high temperature is expected to continue. The first three quarters of the stock market is stable. We believe that the high-ca-tem temperature will remain constant for the next two years, and the projected sales will be reported in the 100 wood-powered (000338).
Around 10,000 vehicles, mainly due to: (i) the need for renewal as a result of the three vehicle phase-out in the country, with the next two reviews: more flowers at the top and higher performance growth; (ii) the establishment of a base figure for the sale of heavy cards; and (ii) the over-restriction, with no tacking of the bridge.
29
"As expected to be a continuing beneficiary of industrial change."
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report