The industry has a high profile, and the logic of the company's leadership remains unchanged.
Events: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2019, cumulatively generated $12,671 million in the first three quarters, or 7.2 per cent of the year; net profit earned by the mother was 7.06 billion yuan, or 17.6 per cent of the year; of these, 35,850 million yuan, or -0.2 per cent of the year, was earned in the first quarter of 2019q3; net profit earned by the mother was $1.77 billion, or 10.1 per cent of the year.
3-quarter harvests remain high and the industry is safe. 2019q3 heavy-carats in the country sold 233,000, an increase of 3.7% compared to the 3.7%, and companies tend to be the lead in manufacturing, with a degree of early response to the demand for the whole downstream car. The growth rate of the company’s pick-up ring was reduced by 15.3% in the first and second quarters, and 6% of the growth rate slowed to the same level.
This is even, according to the parent company's statement, which collected $7.84 billion in three quarters of the business list, i.e., 0.7 per cent of the year, or the above data, or a large pattern showing high demand in the heavy-card sector throughout the year 2019, which continued until the official landing of the national heavy-carat six emission standards in July 2021.
The Māori rate continues to improve over the same period, and financial indicators are better. The combined Māori rate for companies is 22.9 per cent in three quarters alone, compared with the cash/business income ratio for commodities sold is 81.6 per cent, the best level since this year, and is in line with normal operations.
The cumulative share of accounts receivable and receivables as a proportion of assets was 19.7 per cent, an improvement of 0.2 percentage points from the end of the two quarters, with an inventory of $21.19 billion, the highest level ever held in stock in the single three quarters, but a slight decrease from the two quarters of the first two quarters of 2019, or an indication of the firm ' s future demand for the industry while maintaining healthy financial indicators.
The company is now building $552 million, an increase of $1 billion over its previous value, and the new project’s growth logic remains constant and the barriers are being consolidated. Based on the diesel engine’s core, the company has completed the acquisition of Bodouan, Lindh hydraulic pressure, Kaihua, Dematic, strategic entry.
Main U.S. psi. Complete the layout of hydraulic systems, smart storage logistics, and actively move into new commercial powered energy plates, such as fuel cells, building on the full chain of commercial car-powered gold industries, building on the inner “mountain” clusters through the integration of external production, and consolidating technological barriers and substituting national production.
To create cost advantages, the logic of future growth of domestic business poles is expected to continue to evolve. The dollar, which corresponds to nine times, eight times, and seven times the equivalent, maintains the "buy-in" rating.
No compensation of any kind will be obtained directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views contained in this report as a result of, and without, the failure of commercial power taps (2019-03-26). Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.