(b) A robust growth in performance, with the expectation that the cure will lead to an increase in the volume of heavy card sales in the heart of the company, which issued a three-quarterly report in 2019, yielding a gross operating income of $126.71 billion, an increase of 7.2 per cent over the same period;
The net profit is $7.06 billion, an increase of 17.6%, the net profit is $6.45 billion, the same company, which benefits significantly from the high profile of the card market, and the emission escalation and future heavy-boiling will boost the power market. The company uses non-heavy card engines, such as engineering machinery, and controls the stockholdings in forklifts, smart objects, etc.
In the first three quarters, income increased rapidly, and the Māori rate slightly increased. 88.90 million vehicles were sold in the heavy card industry in the first three quarters of 2019, a slight decrease of 0.8% over the higher base.
With 132,000 cards sold by the DVG, which is largely at the same level as the previous year, it is expected that the volume of heavy car sales will remain stable and stable; Kei Hau received Euro652 million in the first three quarters, compared with Euro13.1 per cent in the previous quarter; the benefits were high in the card market; the benefits were high and Kei Hau grew rapidly, with the company collecting +7.2 per cent in the previous three quarters; and the Māori rate was 22.1 per cent, compared with the ratio.
The use rate is even; companies continue to invest in R & D in six products, hydrogen fuel cells, etc., with R & D fees +33.6 per cent of the year; structural deposits increase, interest income is factored into investment returns, financial costs are robust with q3 performance and fast growth. The 2019q3 heavy card industry sells 233,000 (+4.0 per cent of the year),
Ten thousand vehicles, equivalent to 2.3 per cent of the same year, with a significant decrease in the sale of six q3 gas heavy cards from 1 July in the country where the gas heavy card was implemented, and a projected drop in the volume and income of heavy steam sales; €2.160 billion in the same amount, mainly affected by changes in product structure; and sales, management, R & D, financial costs + 7.0 per cent, respectively.
The effect of increased gains and losses on currency swap instruments is equal to +100 million; losses on assets and credit are equal to +60 million; low incomes, Māori rates and cost rates are all rising; net profits on corporate returns + 10.1 per cent and net profits on corporate returns are reduced by 0.9 per cent; net profits on Caif are 120 million euros.
It is expected that the heavy card industry will continue to benefit from a high profile and a steady growth in its diversified layout. The heavy card market has been growing steadily since July-September, and the subsequent sales of coal trucks are expected to be mentioned as autumn and winter arrives.
On the basis of the market rate of 31 October 2019, many restrictions were imposed on the entry into the city of three diesel vehicles in the country or encouraged the phase-out of the replacement ones, the early implementation of the six emission standards in the country, and the steady growth pressure on the subsequent infrastructure will add to the code and the heavy card will still have a large demand base.
The company is expected to continue to benefit in the future, with the company’s stocking rate expected to match China’s heavy steam.
The sales of non-heavy card engines, such as industrial power engines, agricultural equipment engines, forklifts, etc., are growing rapidly; as the four standards of non-road country upgrades and the demand for electric forklifts rises, the location of the upper-end Caihu will benefit, and Kayo will become a major performance pillar.
The heavy-carat sector is not selling as much as expected; 2) overseas operations are not integrated as expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.