Performance pressure of 2024q2 and significant improvement in the profitability of slaughter operations Double-sink development (000895.sz) Investment rating: increase (maintain)
• 2024q2 performance pressure, high-scoring bonus, and maintenance of 14.3 times the “enhanced” rating. The company is a solid value investment subject with a high red rate and maintains an “enhanced” rating.
Both sales and profits have declined, mainly as a result of weak market demand and end-condensed stocks. Thanks to cost control and product restructuring, meat products have been relatively profitable, with 4719 tons (+17%) in the first half of the year, which is unprecedented.
Development of new and emerging channels, such as snacks, convenience stores, and strengthening of their professionalization; (2) focusing on new products, strengthening their promotion and sustaining structural adjustment; and (3) increasing market costs and precision to compete in the market. Meat products are expected to remain stable and increase profits throughout the year.
• With the increase in the price of pigs, the profitability of the slaughtering operation has improved significantly, resulting in a loss of $6.73 billion, or 15.8 per cent, in the production of the 2024q2 slaughter operation, owing to strong industrial competition, the expansion of the reserve of frozen products and a higher base for the slaughtering, while 2024q2 has fallen significantly in the context of the increase in the price of pigs.
q2 The slaughter industry’s profits are 160 million yuan, an increase of 7.9% in the same year, and a marked improvement in profitability as the prices of pigs rise. The slaughter business is under pressure, and the meat product’s tons are high – with low-cost freezes coming in the second half of the year, the slaughter and profits are expected to grow.
Corporate Information Update Report 2024.4.24 Other predominantly farmed business losses of $170 million, delaying overall profit performance, mainly due to a significant decrease in the price of chickens, short-term slaughter pressure, and still high ton of meat products
This has affected the profits of the chicken industry, while government subsidies have decreased considerably.