q2 performance pressure, continuing high-scoring red demand for meat products, raising the cost by tons. 24h1 meat business yields $12.37 billion \triangleright
Dollars, same as -9.6 per cent of the split price, 1) volume: 24h1 packaged meat sold at 704,000 tons, influenced by changes in product structure. 24h1 tons, approximately $4,700, was significantly higher, thanks mainly to the original Auxiliary.
The production of frozen products improves the profitability of the slaughter business and the production of produce is under pressure.
In the same year, the slaughter rate fell by 14.2 per cent, mainly in the same period last year, when companies seized a low price for raw pigs to hold frozen stocks, and during the second quarter of this year, when they took control of sales through partially low-priced competitive channels;
1. Double-sink development (000895.sz) reported in mid-2023: Increase from drops. 24h1 other businesses performed less well and decreased more in the same year, mainly in the poultry industry.
Investment Recommendations: Foresight 24h2, the company will deepen the concept of “consumer-centred” in line with the changing consumption and competition situation of \triangleright, and will push for the development of a network to accelerate the construction of professional, stereo-based customers
Systems, development of new channels, development of new monolithic products, improvement of the distribution of productive capacities and industrial chains, and upgrading of digitalization should use, strengthen industrial synergies, improve operational efficiency and enhance the competitiveness of enterprises. By implementing measures, efforts have been made to develop methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, present the present report independently and objectively, and are responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.