ii China Telecom (601728.sh)
On August 21, 2024, China Telecom released its semi-annual report for 2024, 2024h1, which enabled the company to collect 266 billion yuan.
Of this total, services income was $246.2 billion, compared to 4.3 per cent, which is consistently higher than industry growth; 1) mobile and netting operations have stabilized and the number of users &arpu has continued to grow by 2024h1, and the number of mobile users in companies has increased by almost 10 million, reaching 417 million households, moving.
Mobilized arpu + 0.1; the number of cable broadband users increased by 3.2 million households on a year-on-year basis, combining arpu +0.1. In terms of composition of service income, mobile value added and application business income increased faster than mobile communications services by +17.1 per cent, and intelligent household business income increased faster than broadband access by +14.4 per cent.
For mobile communications, the company's 5g access is 67%. For intelligent families, the company has developed a wide range of scenarios, amounting to 14.84 million smart users, based on data: 30 June 2024.
2. Production activity grew faster than total service income, with Sky Clouds at a strong lead, with 73.8 billion yuan in the first half of 2024, compared to 7.2 per cent in the first half of the year, and Sky Clouds continued to act as a core driving force, earning 55.2 billion yuan in the first half of the year, representing 22.4 per cent of service income.
A 26% increase in the same year, with a 1.5 pp increase in the market share of Iaas+paas. The company’s productive business digs deep into the industry’s digital potential, deeply integrated into a wide range of capabilities, with 12% growth in the number of government clients, 15 categories of industries covered by digital platforms, more than 110 platforms, governance at the grass-roots level in cities, intelligent tourism, smart medicine, industrial Internet.
The area of Gowooyang covers a wide range of provinces throughout the country.)ai is capable of providing continuous internal and external capacity to build an integrated system of intelligence services
To upgrade the digitalization of the inner in-house energy, 10 large internal models have been set up for automatic failure processing, cloud network maintenance, smart customer service, network saving, etc., to effectively realize the efficiency gains of large models.
Accompanied by 22eflops, 21eflops (up from +90.9% at the end of 2023), provides a one-stop, Zhao Tianwoo, isomer-based, arithmetic training service.
Large models have both completed their algorithms and service “double filings” and have landed 32 industries through the Big Star model, adding more than 20 new models and more than 7,600 server customers. We believe that the sky-wing cloud is now complete, that the public cloud is shifting to a smart cloud, and that self-researching model products will continue to contribute new dynamic energy to cloud computing growth.
(4) The decline in capital spending as a share of revenue and the increase in the value of key investments in home-grown numeracy have been marked by significant structural changes, including a digital investment of $16.1 billion in industry + 36 per cent in comparison, the construction of a fully liquid-cold-carat pool in Kyoto, the Long Triangle, and the deployment of a reasoning pool in 31 provinces.
Speeding up the creation of a digital information infrastructure capability base to provide security for future liquidity. 2024 Year-round outlook: companies strive for good annual income and ebitda growth, higher net profits than revenue, and we think that corporate income profits are growing robustly, while capital spending continues to decline in terms of revenue, with a red rate continuing to rise.
Continuing upgrades, valuations still have room for upgrading against mainstream overseas operators, maintaining a “buy-in-a” rating.
The risk of an increase in the sky cloud base and a slowdown in market competition is high. \triangleright cannot meet the risk on time because of external policy constraints or additional smart-calculation targets with limited internal supply.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.