In the first half of 2024, the company published its semi-annual report for the year 2024, which enabled it to operate. In the single quarter, the company achieved $131.4 billion in operating income in the second quarter, an increase of 2.0 per cent, compared to 2.0 per cent.
The net profit of the mother was $13.2 billion, an increase of 8.6 per cent over the previous quarter. The company ' s income in the second quarter grew more rapidly than in the first quarter, maintaining a better growth rate of more than 8 per cent, exceeding the rate of income growth, mainly due to depreciation amortization and a decline in the administrative and general cost of sales.
China’s telecommunications has promoted the use of cloud power, the network’s use of large models has accelerated, and the rate of automatic disposal of cloud transport is steadily rising.
With a 96% coverage rate and a 1 billion-degree annual rate of electricity savings. With the introduction of a unicode, the cost of running and supporting a follow-up operation is expected to decrease.
China’s telecommunications continued to increase its investment in science, technology and innovation, with an increase of 12.5 per cent in research and development costs over the same period, fully completing seven strategic and emerging business layouts, such as cloud computing and arithmetic, new-generation information communications, big data, artificial intelligence, security, quantum, digital platforms, etc., in preparation for subsequent development.
In 2024, China Telecom continued to distribute dividends in the medium term, with a cash distribution of more than 70% of the profits due to shareholders in the company in the first half of the year, China Telecom (601728.sh) – a healthy quarterly, digital double-digitized industry.
During the year, the profits that companies distribute in cash will gradually increase to 75 per cent of the profits that shareholders should have in that year.
Telecommunications in China (601728.sh) - The industry’s digital business is growing faster, keeping up with the figures. Telecommunications in China (601728.sh) - 10 per cent increase in net profits in the first half of the year.
China’s telecommunications q2 quarterly revenue growth slowed to 2%, mainly as a result of the slowdown in the digitalization of industry. Mobile communication services and grid-fixing and household intelligence services continued to grow robustly.
China Point Telecom’s profits grew by 8% in the first half of the year, surpassing the income increase, mainly due to depreciation amortization and sales administration and a decline in the share of one-size-fits-all costs. The focus is on the beginning of a reduction in the support cost of corporate network operations, which means that companies move through the ai.
The increase in the efficiency of operations is beginning to be effective. The pay-to-pay ratio has not decreased significantly, reflecting the net profit on telecommunications in China (billion yuan) and the rate of increase in China (million yuan) and the single-season net profit on telecommunications in China (billion yuan) and the rate of increase.
Figure 5: Depreciation amortization and percentage of China ' s telecommunications network, Figure 6: China ' s telecommunications network operating support costs and percentage of China ' s telecommunications network, Figure 7: China ' s telecommunications sales administration and general costs and percentage of China ' s telecommunications sales
Figure 8: China ' s telecommunications workers ' remuneration and share of the net operating cash flow from China ' s telecommunications in the first half of 24 years decreased slightly in comparison to the previous year, but q2 showed a significant positive shift compared to q1 and maintained a steady trend.
Wang: The difference between China's connecteda and h shares is mainly due to the impact of the equity structure, a stock listing platform holds an indirect share of 43.92 per cent of the stock listing platform via China Connect (bvi) Ltd., and therefore the net profit of the parent is different; the total market value is calculated using the current share price multiplied by the total share capital The author assures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and is based on reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author