“Qualitative” & “Quantities” are excellent and continue to be regarded as good, and companies continue to record high performance and high quality. In the first half of 2022, the net return profits of companies grew by 31.2% over the same period, and the high levels continue to rise, with performance contributing structures superior to those of their counterparts, in terms of size, interest differentials, fees, and fees.
More specifically, he has performed well in terms of income, spreads, and asset quality. The income end is growing faster and more balanced, with business income growing by 14.2% on the same basis, and the net profit “quality” & “quantity” is excellent and continues to look good.
Both are growing faster, with growth increasing in the first quarter of the year. The net income gap is on the upswing, with the net interest gap rising from last year, the credit spread rising, and the measured net interest gap rising in the second quarter. The asset quality is excellent, with improved indicators of poor performance, concern and delays, and a flat loan stock allocation.
Corporate clients have a solid base, business management and risk control are constantly improving, leading to increased business capacity and a 0.52x valuation that significantly deviates from value. Companies have continued to look good in our core recommended portfolio. Companies are now increasing retail and public operations, leading to a negative increase in net revenue from fees.
Net revenue from fees increased by 14.8 per cent over the same period, with agency, credit commitments and settlement-type contributions rising by 12.3 per cent, 39 per cent and 66.1 per cent, respectively, in retail terms, with mobile bankers applying for more than 14 million customers, with monthly earnings at the top of the city's comptoirs; the size of finance was $4.676 billion, compared to the end of the year.
This represents a 12.7 per cent increase in public business, a steady increase of $326.5 billion in infrastructure loans, a 17 per cent increase from the end of the previous year; green credit, a preponderant share; and a positive increase in operations such as investment and cross-border operations.
At the market price of 29 August 2022, the net interest difference was 2.36 per cent, an increase of 8bp over the previous year, except for the deposit and tax disturbance, which resulted in a credit spread.
The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected; regulatory controls are more than expected.
Banks: Municipal comptoirsii Jiangsu Bank achieved a net return profit of $13.38 billion in 2022, an increase of 31.2 per cent over the previous year, of which net interest earnings increased by 14.1 per cent over the same year, net fees increased by 14.8 per cent over the same year and operating income increased by 14.2 per cent over the same year; cost revenues increased by 20.4 per cent over total assets at the end of the year compared with the beginning of the year.
In the first half of 2022, the company ' s net return profits grew by 31.2% over the same period, and continued to rise at a higher level. The performance contribution structure was superior to that of a partner, with higher levels of co-financing profits in terms of size, interest differentials, fees, other non-interests and provisions. Specifically, it performed well in terms of income, net interest differentials, and asset quality.
Quarters are growing at an all-time rate. Net spreads are on the upswing, with the first half of the year ' s announced net spreads rising over the last year, except for the impact of deposits and taxes, and the credit spreads are on the rise, as are the two quarters of the measured net interest differentials. Capital assets perform well in terms of quality, poor, focused and overdue indicators have improved, especially with new delays and regular migrations, loan stocks have been smooth, old non-loan provisions have been generous and anti-savory.
Firm client base, business management, increased risk control, increased business capacity, sustained performance growth and profitability Significant increases in capital buffer demand continued Retail and public upscaling, resulting in a negative increase in net revenue from fees
The net revenue from fees increased by 14.8 per cent over the year, or 10.23 per cent over the operating income. Of these, the agency, credit commitment and settlement categories contributed significantly, with a difference of 12.3 per cent, 39 per cent and 66.1 per cent over the same period. In retail, mobile bankers account for more than 14 million customers, with several monthly active customers living in the city's leading comptoirs; the size of the property is 46.7 billion yuan, an increase of 12.7 per cent over the previous year, for public business, growing as the size of the company expands.
The balance of the infrastructure loan was $326.5 billion, an increase of 17 per cent from the end of the previous year; green credit was the third largest among the 24 banks directly run by the People’s Bank and the highest among the commercial banks; and there was a positive increase in such operations as investment and cross-border operations. The net interest gap for the first half of the year was higher than last year. The Jiangsu Bank announced a net interest gap of 2.36 per cent in the first half of 2022 (including the return on the Fund’s investments and tax exemptions).
In terms of interest spreads, they are both lower than last year. In terms of additional overdue and normal loan movements, although companies also have marginal pressure on asset quality, they have a smaller margin of magnitude.
The Division’s stock represents a relatively small share of public real estate, prudent risk control over municipal investment, and the pressure on the quality of its assets is manageable.
Unit: Other than a percentage, the downside of the rmb million economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. Banks are highly relevant as a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development, and economic development. Macro economic development influences the operation of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting asset quality performance in the banking sector.
Financial regulation is over-expected. Since 2021, regulation of hidden government debt and real estate regulation has intensified, while continuing to direct banks to the real economy, but if financial regulation is expected to over-market, it will affect the performance of banks’ profits.