(a) A significant recovery in the performance climate, with credit increasing at a rate that has risen in recent years: on 15 July, Jiangsu Bank issued a fast-track report on 22h1 with revenue of $35.11 billion, yoy+14.2 per cent;
High performance, high yield, profit growth loops. As of 22h1, on the basis of the higher 21h1 base \triangleright, the return-on-year acceleration ring ratio +3.2pc, the return net profit-on-year increase was significantly higher.
5.2pt, of which 22q2 one-quarter data is more visible and performance is strong. We expect high performance from positive asset investment and economic recovery of financing needs, on the one hand, and improved credit costs, on the other.
As of 22h1, loans had increased at the same rate as the previous year, and micro-business was driven by a combination of policy guidelines and economic recovery since May, with a domestic micro-credit balance of +17.2 per cent, 6 pct higher than the RMB loan.
By the end of the year, the Bank of Jiangsu had more than a third of its total loans, maintained a leading market share in Jiangsu, and was expected to perform well during the first half of the year. The asset structure is expected to improve further, and the net spread is expected to continue.
Quarterly differentials have returned to 9bp. Since 22q2, credit inflows have increased at a faster rate than total assets. 1. Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) reported in the first quarter of 2022 a further improvement in the profit margin.
Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) explained in detail in 2021 that, in the first six months of the year, the cost of general deposits in the banking sector, the cost of inter-operative liabilities, respectively, was regulated and eased.
In the context of the downward trend, the balance is expected to remain stable as a whole. Looking forward to the second half of the year, lending or focus will further support the continuation of the balance.
The quality of assets continues to improve and the provision coverage has steadily improved. As of 22h1, the non-performing loan rate continued \triangleright 4. Jiangsu Bank (600919).
In addition, Jiangsu Bank has conducted a screening of buildings with a risk of completion in parts of the accelerated expansion of funds under its authority, which may involve a risk of “surpository building”
5. Jiangsu Bank (600919). The interest gap has been expanded by a negative rate of innovation and a negative balance of individual housing loans of $31 million, or 0.01 per cent of the individual housing loan balance.
Investment recommendations: Strong credit delivery and better asset quality \triangleright strong credit delivery in the first half of the year, small or important, leading to a marked recovery in performance and hope to take care of
Netting differentials remain stable; lending in the second half of the year is at a pace or accelerate, with netting differentials stable or continuing; poor rate year pb, with “recommended” ratings maintained. \triangleright
Figure 1: Jiangsu Bank ' s performance as at 22h1 increased at the same rate (cumulative) Figure 2: Jiangsu Bank ' s performance as at 22h1 increased at the same rate (single season) Figure 3: Jiangsu Bank ' s asset end at 22h1 increased at the same rate (%)
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.