(b) Growth and performance. Under macroeconomic pressure and the impact of the q2 long triangle, performance remained high.
\triangleright shows a high level of performance, q2 single-season revenue, pre-arrangement profits, parent net profit on a year-on-year basis +17.4%, +17.3%, and still achieving a significantly higher level of growth than q1, reflecting the robustness of its operational capacity.
Dismantling operations comprise 22h1 net revenue of +14.1%, ring ratio +0.4pc, net interest difference ups and ups and ups and ups and ups on a high base. 22h1 net revenue of +14.8%, ring +5pc, of which agent income of + 12.3%, is still realized under market fluctuations in the first half of the year.
The higher middle-income growth was mainly the result of the active distribution of wealth management operations by Jiangsu Bank in recent years, with retail sales aum reaching 1.05 trillion yuan at the end of June, compared to +13.6 per cent at the end of 21 years, other non-interest income averaging + 14.5 per cent, and surplus gold.
Of these, q2 a year-on-year ratio + 27%, the return on investment contributes to the main incremental contribution. Both ends of the portfolio are brightly improved. At the asset end, the structure continues to improve, with average loans accounting for average interest-bearing assets.
Ben, in addition to the downside factors in market interest rates, Jiangsu Bank has managed to capture the market window by compressing the ratio of structural deposits, fast-tracking performance: the performance climate has recovered significantly, asset quality has improved asset quality, and there is room for provision of back-breathing.
\triangleright 2. Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) Quarterly Report 2022 3. Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) Report 2021:
The performance has reached a high point, with the final “finals” - 2022 ring +16bp, q2 profit increases creating a good internal supplement. But the positive expansion in size has been positive for capital gold 4. Jiangsu Bank: high growth, steady quality, and regional advantage.
Q2 performance is still high at the industry level and high base; active management of the negative structure contributes to the growth of the capital structure.
Figure 1: Jiangsu Bank ' s performance up to 22h1 increased by the same rate as in 22h1 (single season)
Figure 5: Higher agent income from Jiangsu bank charges and commission revenue (millions of yuan) Figure 6: Dismantling of Jiangsu Bank ' s net interest gap up to 22h1
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.