Jiangsu Bank (600919), which increased profits and speed: on 29 August, Jiangsu Bank published its semi-annual report for 2022 (previously disclosed performance reports) and Jiangsu Bank was located in Jiangsu province in Sin, Suzhou, Nantung, etc.
The annual weighted average of roe is 16.1%, an increase of 2.88 pct over the previous year. The following is the assessment:
The profit growth ring has increased by 14.2%, 15.5%, 31.2% and the net profit by 14.2%, respectively, in Jiangsu Bank 1h22. The rate of increase is 1 q22 and is the only provincial territorial method in Jiangsu province.
The firm’s commitment to “build a better life” has led to robust income growth (+0.1%) and a more moderate provision (+13.5%).
The Bank of Jiangsu, led by its deep coverage of Jiangsu region and its corporate culture, is committed to building identity and intelligence.
The market share is high. The leading commercial banks in the region, which are economically active, rich, small emblems, retail credit needs to be rejuvenated, integrated, internationalized, have a strong capital finance demand and have a greater degree of certainty about the size of the company's assets in June.
At the end of the year, Jiangsu Bank loan balances increased by 15.2 per cent over the year; new loans of $134.2 billion in the first half of the year increased by 3.8 billion over the same period last year; and public loans were higher in terms of the new lending structure, with major investments in infrastructure.
Small micro-loans have increased their lending effort, with interest-bearing asset yields and net interest differentials rising in reverse. 1h22 52 weeks of Jiangsu Bank’s share price range and lower interest-bearing liabilities.
There is a relatively small downward pressure on the stock of projects, and Jiangsu Bank loans; at the same time, companies have moved on their own initiative and the cost of corporate co-liabilities has been reduced, and the combined cost of interest-bearing liabilities has been reduced by 7bp to the faster distribution of wealth management, which has grown faster. In recent years, Jiangsu Bank has continued to work on wealth management.
In the first half of the year, net revenue from fees and commissions increased by 14.8 per cent, of which agent fees earned 10.6 per cent.
It is expected that the quality of the company’s assets will remain excellent, and that future credit costs will go down, contributing to the release of potential profits and the upgrading of the Roe hub. The country’s capital base is strong, and it is expected to benefit from high-quality regional economic development.
The Bank of Jiangsu is the largest urban business in the long triangle, leading the market share of the province’s deposits. At the same time, the country has a strong financial background (the top 10 shareholders own the shares).
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn. is nearly 40% higher than the comparative advantage of developing companies to enhance local political and business cooperation and deepen the region ' s economy, and companies are expected to continue to reap the dividends of the region ' s high-quality economic development.
Retail operations: Retailing as an important dynamic direction since 2013, with a steady shift in retail strategy, the lending ratio rising from year to year to a higher level than that of comparable peers; and the area of financial breakdown of accurate service consumption, letter
At the same time, accelerating the distribution of the wealth management business, with a rapid increase in the contribution of the proceeds, and looking for long-term growth in the retail sector. For public business: a focus on small and medium-sized enterprises, with clear market positioning and distinct operations.
The company has accumulated a wealth of business experience in micro-finance, a mature micro-finance model, and micro-credit has been leading the market share in the province for many years in a row. The industry has focused on infrastructure, manufacturing, and has gradually withdrawn from manufacturing the source of financial prosperity in the East.
We believe that companies are expected to benefit fully from the region’s high-quality economic development and to sustain a high increase in public credit. Investment proposal: We believe that Jiangsu Bank benefits from a strong regional credit demand and is expected to remain on a larger scale.
Rapid growth; asset and liability structures with room to optimize and net income spreads are expected to remain stable; business development accompanied by wealth management and growth potential; asset quality is good, adequate provision is made, and there is a high growth in future credit performance, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Camp; unexpected changes in regulatory policy, etc. Figure 1: 1h22 JBM net profit increase of 31.2% over the same period. Figure 2: JBW net profit increase of 2q22 net profit increase of 36.7% over the same year
Figure 4: Jiangsu Bank ' s balance at the end of June increased by 15.2 per cent in the same year, Figure 6: Jiangsu Bank ' s poor rate at the end of June was 0.98 per cent and the ring decreased by 5bp
Figure 7: Jiangsu Bank, with 340.6 per cent coverage at the end of June, raised the ring by 10.6 pct, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Jiangsu Bank (600919).
I've been in the banking industry for years, and I've been in the gold, sea and skywind banking industry.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Stock Exchange reports Jiangsu Bank (600919), where profits are rising and the net income gap is rising in reverse.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.