Rapid growth in performance and clear operational synergies - 3-quarterly report on the evaluation of the drug Myung Condt (603259)
In recent days, the company has published the 2019 quarterly report, and in the first three quarters it has achieved a revenue of 9,279 million, a year-on-year increase.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company ' s main business continued to grow at a faster rate, with a net gain to the parent at the market value of the liquida share (billion yuan) - 8.46 per cent, and the decline in the net gain was due mainly to a loss in the fair value of the company during the first three quarters of the year.
The first three quarters of the year saw a net gain of 43.7 per cent for the mother, while the first three quarters saw a non-growth rate of 36.9 per cent, the previous three quarters adjusted interest tax depreciation and pre-amortization profits and the adjusted net profit for the naon-ifrs were 3006 million and 1,842 million, respectively, representing an increase of 41 per cent and 38.0 per cent, respectively.
-1.08 per cent. The decrease in financial costs is mainly due to increased bank interest income raised and exchange rate fluctuations. The net operating cash flow achieved by the company in the previous three quarters amounted to $1,773 million, representing a significant increase of 9.3 per cent over the previous three quarters, mainly due to the rapid growth in the performance of the business sectors.
Business synergies have been further enhanced, enabling platform building has continued to be strengthened Companies have enhanced the development of new client groups while serving existing client groups: more than 900 new clients have been added to the Division and more than 3,700 active clients have been added during the reporting period, and the long-tailoring effect has become more apparent.
At the time of the evaluation _aaa_Pharming Condex (603259), the company had enhanced the transformation of the upstream and downstream services sectors, and the platform had increased its synergy: in the area of the cro industry, under the milestone and sales division model, the company had assisted clients in the previous three quarters to complete 16 new projects.
Clinical declarations of medicines received in the course of 20 projects; during the same period, companies assisted domestic clients in the completion of 71 new _aaa_Pharming Condex (603259) evaluation reports Clinical declarations of medicines received in the form of 54 projects in the form of ind. cdmo operations, services during the reporting period
More than 900 new drug molecules were involved, of which 40 were in the 111-stage clinical trial phase and 17 projects were approved for listing; in addition, the company cell and gene therapy cdmo platform served 24 1-stage clinical trial projects and 9 11/111 11/111-year clinical pilot projects.
At the same time, firms further strengthen their business capacity and scale-building, and corporate corporate business platforms further enhance their capacity-building. Risk factors: the risk of increased market competition, the risk of changes in client research and development strategies