On 30 October 2019, the company issued a three-monthly report on business income, net profit and deductions.
The net return to the mother ' s profit increased by 34.06 per cent, 8.46 per cent and 36.88 per cent, respectively, and the net cash flow generated by the operation increased by 1.770 billion yuan, compared with 9.331 per cent, indicating a higher quality of growth; three-quarter, single-quarter analysis, operating income, based on the company network ' s disclosure, increased the net return to the mother in the three quarters of 2019 and the q3-quarters of non-ifrs.
2019q3 adjusted net profit returns from non-ifrs accelerated growth compared to the trend of depth 300, showing a combination of endogenous growth in multi-business acceleration and continuous validation of the company ' s advantagea
At the same time as the income end continues to grow rapidly, the profit end of q3 has accelerated slightly more than we expected. From 2017q1 to 2019q3, we find that the company’s quarterly income ring has been growing consistently and showing an upward trend. We believe that this may be due to the company’s ddsu, clinical research services, American district cell gene.
Flexible operations such as treatment, cdmo, and continuous certification of new company capacity expansion. Apart from the effects of a 34.7% and 8.3% growth in revenue and ring, respectively, the Māori rate has been slightly reduced by 1 percentage point to the receipt of medicines, unitybiotechnology stock price fluctuations) in the first quarter of the single quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the third quarter.
Net profit in East increased by 66.4 per cent over the same period, and net profit in the non-realized and unrealized classes increased by 9.9 per cent from net profit in the single quarter of 2019q3 to amortization of intangible assets in the associated gains and losses and business consolidation) while net profit in the adjusted non-ifrs increased by $50.2 to $6.64 over the same period (net of realized and unrealized equity investment gains/losses, realized and unrealized)
It should now account for the joint venture gains/losses. 2019q3 adjusted for the high rate of net profit from noon-ifrs to the mother, and we think it is mainly the q3 one-quarter administrative rate that drops by 2 percentage points while consolidating and presenting profits (consider 1.
Sexual release, accelerated validation of the integration platform, we estimate that the core plate is showing an accelerated growth trend, benefiting from the increased bargaining power of its own, the continued upturn in China District Laboratories, the continued rapid growth of the cdmo operation, and the continued expansion of the United States District Operations.
2. Pharmacies 603259: Incentives to ensure synergy and deepen integration platforms Official network discloses fundamentals that increased client penetration and platform synergies are the reason for accelerated performance.
According to the network of corporate officials, the reasons for the accelerated growth in performance in the previous three quarters were: “On the one hand, companies continue to expand their new customers and increase their penetration of their original customers; on the other hand, companies strengthen their upstream and downstream services sectors.
During the reporting period, more than 900 new clients and more than 3,700 active clients were added to the company, and operations remained robust.” ddsu: 16 clinical trial reports of new research drugs were completed by helpers in the first three quarters of 2019, and
Clinical trial permits were obtained for 20 projects; as of 30 September 2019, the company had cumulatively declared a clinical trial for 71 new research drugs for domestic clients and was licensed for 54 projects.cdmo/cmo: as of 30 September 2019, the company ' s small molecule cdmo/cmo service project
There are more than 900 new drug molecules, of which 40 are in the clinical trial phase of the iii phase and have been marketed in the United States for cell therapy: the company cell and gene therapy cdmo platform served 24 i clinical pilot projects and 9 ii/iii clinical pilot projects.
Although companies do not disclose financial data in detail on the core industry, we estimate that the core business portfolio continues the trend of high growth, while the scale effect is gradually reflected, regardless of the impact of subsequent equity incentives, in the context of continued rapid growth at the end of the company's earnings, stability of the Māori rate and a decline in the management cost of q3.
Given the impact of the cost of corporate equity incentives on short-term performance, we maintain earlier profit projections. Undetermined macro-environment changes are expected to lead to a decline in the global investment climate for innovation drug research and development: internationalization.
The risk of a decline or a lack of growth in the related business, the risk of an increase in the number of new operations due to the lack of synergies between the various ministries, and the risk of currency exchange. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,