Ningpo Bank (002142): High revenue maintenance, high asset quality, continued excellence
Events: On August 28, Bank Ningpo published its semi-annual report for 2020.
This represents an increase of 14.63 per cent compared to the beginning of the year; a negative rate of 0.79 per cent, with an increase of 1 bp over the ring; and a provision of 506.02 per cent, with a core-level capital adequacy rate of 9.98 per cent for institutions that play a well-established role as financial masters of local finance.
At the same time, there is a strong commitment to exploring the path of diversified development across regions.
Actively exploring the path of differentiation and identity development supports a large number of individual entrepreneurs to start, develop and grow, successively price-operated. 1h20 net interest differentials of 1.78%, a decrease of 3bp over the same period, mainly due to end-of-asset returns
Winner of the Financial Times Gold Dragon Award, “The most competitive annual rate of decline is greater than the cost of indebtedness.” At the end of the asset, the rate of return on credit has remained largely stable (1h20 pairs of public and agricultural comptoirs), and the China Banking Association (Citigroup) is a micro-citizen.
Industry averages); and 1h20 bond investment returns are faster under a more liberal liquidity environment: Entrepreneurship `Annual Innovation Development Award', etc. The decline is the main cause of the same decline in asset end-of-end returns. At the end of the debt, deposit costs are more rigid, with 1h20
Corporate capital costs are lower than time deposits and contribute to the improvement of overall debt costs. 2 quarters of retail credit lending resumed at a faster pace and public loans continued to rise. Personal loans grew by only 3.3 per cent in one quarter compared to the beginning of the year, to some extent affected by the epidemic, while 2 quarters of loan ring growth reached
9.8 per cent of public loans maintained faster growth, 22.9 per cent higher in public loans at the end of the second quarter than at the beginning of the year, and the impact of the epidemic on the credit needs of business clients was limited and the market was previously or too worried.
The high revenue from agency-type operations reflects good strategic growth in corporate wealth management and private sector operations. The asset quality continues to be excellent, and is expected. At the end of June, the negative rate was 0.79%, maintaining low levels; and interest in lending.
In combination with changes in static and dynamic adverse indicators or related to the relocation of non-performing loans under the category of concern, while increasing disposal efforts. Overall, corporate asset quality continues to be excellent, and the provision coverage is maintained at a higher level than the investment recommendation: the reported performance meets expectations. The scale expands faster and the asset and liability structure is positively adjusted.
With a smaller margin of interest differentials and a consistently superior asset quality, we expect that the company ' s net-profit SMEs in 2020 and 2021, and the location of individuals at the upper end of the group, will continue to provide a wide margin of income growth for the company; and that corporate wind control capacity will continue to be prominent, bad rates will remain low, and there will be sufficient risk offset capacity for the company.
2.4 times the 2020 pb target valuation, corresponding to a share price of $42.15, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Figure 1: Ningpo Bank ' s performance at the same rate, Figure 2: Ningpo Bank ' s performance at the same rate during the single season, Figure 3: Ningpo Bank ' s performance at 1q20 and 1h20 years
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the Ningpo Bank (002142): high revenue growth and high quality of assets.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Ningbo Bank (002142): Maintenance of high revenue and high asset quality.
The research assistant gives an overview of the research profile of the teacher himself.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.