Events: 19,981 million yuan, an increase of 23.4 per cent in the first half of 2020, belonging to the mother-in-law
trillion yuan, an increase of 14.63 per cent from the beginning of the period, attributed to the general shareholder net assets of 102,087 million yuan, an increase from the beginning of the year.
We expect Ningpo Bank to continue to focus on 2020, as the top-quality core bank, and to maintain its “buy-in” rating.
Even if the growth in loans in the third and fourth quarters has slowed, Ningpo Bank is likely to achieve a high credit growth rate of more than 25% this year.
The Division ' s operating income grew by 23.4 per cent at a slower rate than the 33.7 per cent increase in the previous quarter, mainly due to non-interest income (1) net interest income grew by 19 per cent on a scale-driven basis, largely at a flat rate of upswing in the first quarter, and the treasury disclosed a 4bp to 1.78 per cent increase in the net interest margin of the ifrs9 calibre compared to the first quarter, a slight decrease of 3bp.
It is evident that it is stronger than its counterparts, mainly as a result of stable interest rates on both public and personal loans, while the cost of the debt benefits from the lower market interest rates and lower interest-bearing cost ratios of 6bp to 2.22% on a year-on-year basis.
We judge that retail wealth management will be the core source of growth in the company's current development phase, with 6866 private bankers at the end of the period, a significant increase of 1520 at the beginning of the year, while private banks and aum also reach 86 billion yuan, an increase of 19 billion yuan at the beginning of the year.
3. Corporate cost revenue in the first half of the year was 33.79 per cent, and remained the highest among the major comparable banks, mainly due to superior incentives in the leading industry leading to higher staff costs. 4) Unlike most banks, Ningpo Bank did not delay profit gains in the second quarter due to significant credit impairments.
Quick, thanks mainly to the quality of the best assets in the listed banks, and one quarter has been fully accounted for in advance of the annual quarterly report: the most beautiful season has been maintained at the highest level of the listed banks, reflecting the core function of the provision for impairments “to make amends”.
Report! 2020-04-25. Quality of assets!
At one point, the market was concerned about the poor quality of assets of private manufacturing and foreign-trade enterprises, which account for a certain percentage of corporate credit operations, and the quality of assets remains excellent, with the ratio of interest-type loans falling significantly to 0.59 per cent (one quarter and one year). We believe that the core of the quality of the company’s long-term assets lies in the full acceptance of the authority to grant letters to the head office.
A well-developed wind control system that creates uniform standards of credit and a culture of wind control across the line. Of course, companies also benefit fully from high-quality government platforms, businesses, and retail customers in the Jiangzi region.
Figure 2: 2016q1 - 2020q2 Ningbo Bank First Quarterly Profit Growth
Annual credit cost = impairment of credit assets/average total loans at the beginning/end of the period