The country's adas system is expected to enter an accelerated penetration period in 2019 and 2020, with a gradual increase in corporate output.
In the second half of 2019, the car market was lower than in the first half of the year, and, according to the SAC data, the volume of car sales (h1 and q2) fell by 14.0 per cent, 14.3 per cent, and the rate fell by 3.7 and 1.8 percentage points, respectively. The company completed the acquisition of the German Advanced antenna company atbb in March.
100 per cent equity, combined with the impact of the M & A intermediary costs, resulting in a split between H1 and q2 management costs of 25.0 per cent, 39.2 per cent and an increase in R & D inputs in areas such as smart driving, with R & D costs of H1 and q2 increasing by 23.3 per cent, 33.9 per cent and four rates of 6.1, 5.9 million, respectively.
The net profit of the company has declined considerably as a result of the split points. The q2 income decline has narrowed somewhat, with the Māori rate rising by 2.7 percentage points, and the net profit of the parent company increasing by 34.8%, which has improved. With the arrival of the entire car manufacturer into the country’s six-car stock in the second half of the year, into the traditional car stock in September, where the sales base for the same period is lower, it is expected that the car market will gradually increase in the second half of the year.
Client outreach is going to be successful, and new projects such as the Toyota and the Toyota are expected to be scaled up. In 2018, the company won a new populist and upper mass platform, a new German global vehicle-type project order and new projects such as a car smart driver aid, a car-borne information entertainment system, etc.; in the first half of 2019, the company won a new project.
Toyota's new platform-based project is expected to be produced in 2020, with a new growth of clients such as Anfort and Daf cars, and market expansion is expected to improve. Kyoto's structure is further optimized as new projects become available. The company's performance is expected to pick up steadily as production flows continue. Smart drivers and car connections enter production periods, promising a new growth point. The company's high-level penetrating system has achieved volume production and fast-tracked orders; the entire automated parking system has produced and obtained a target for the next generation of platform-based projects for domestic automobile companies, with production planned for 2021; t-box products have been produced in a number of international and autonomous branded vehicle models; v2x products have been assigned to the international branded car factory project, with production planned for 2020; and an artificial factory with a fleet of public, Chire and Rhode Roads, and long-Ann's output space is planned for 2020.
The commercialization of the customer's car networking platform, ota, situational intelligence, etc., is gradually taking place; the four-screen interactive intelligent driving product is about to be matched to the desired one-size model.
The acquisition of Germany’s advanced antenna company, atbb, is expected to speed up the company’s new generation of smart driving and car-networking products to help expand European customers. Smart Internet cars are expected to become a new national strategy to support industry, policy-facilitated domestic adas systems are expected to enter the accelerated penetration period, and companies are expected to benefit significantly from the pre-projected layout.
With the downside of the market and short-term pressure on the company’s performance, we have revised the profit forecast downwards, with the company forecasting $1.00 and $1.26) below the rating. The company is the leading company in the electronics sector of automobiles, with great prospects in the area of autopilots, and its performance is expected to improve in the second half of the year as the city warms.
1) Market sales are not as high as expected; 2) Autopilot products are not as fast as expected in terms of R & D and in terms of volume production.
Automobiles: auto parts and components