• Investment rating: buying (for the first time) 21q4 returns are due to factors such as a drop in the gross gross profit ratio and an increase in the price of raw materials.
At the end of the product: the second curve is dynamic and home-wide customization is driving the growth of multi-grades. Companies are determined to promote the sale of multi-grade combinations, with clothing and wood protection at their core, leading to other multi-grade channels: retail outlets continue to grow, and all are new. The company has a tradition of 2021.
In the year 2021, the company was in a new year, with a billboard increase of 90% over the same year.
In addition, the company actively explored a new model, offering a joint venture in the core city, co-financed by the group and the distributor in early April, to set up a demonstration centre for crowds and to take ownership of the flow entrance.
In a long-term context, companies are at the forefront of custom-made households, with multiple advantages such as branding, channels, management, etc. Downward risks, high fluctuations in raw materials, increased competition in the industry, and repeated risk of an epidemic. Second, the curve increases the relay, and the layout takes the lead.
During the year, the company started with custom cabinets and continued to extend to housewide products, gradually covering whole kitchens, overall closets, whole baths, custom wooden doors, metal doors and windows, software, furniture packages, etc.
The product, the product matrix, is rich enough to meet consumer one-stop, differentiated needs.
Rapid repair of business data under warm demand (coverage + 65.1 per cent, net profit + 107 per cent); 21h2 continued to be more resilient due to adverse factors such as property regulation, rising raw materials (25.3 per cent, net profit + 5.1 per cent).
Māori phase pressures, excellent cost controls, and constant stability of net interest rates. 21h2 influenced by factors such as property regulation, rising prices of raw materials and energy, increased competition in the market, corporate profitability phase pressures, 21q3 and q4 launching projects to improve the efficiency of the base while using digitization and information reforms to optimize overall business efficiency.
Cost controls were excellent, falling from 22.2 per cent in 2018 to 16.2 per cent in 2021, resulting in a constant annual net interest rate for companies.
In 2021, the company's locker business generated $7,529 million, an increase of 24.2 per cent over the previous year, and the non-cooking business grew rapidly, accounting for more than 60 per cent, of which the closets and accessories have broken out by 10 billion. From $1,699 million in 2016 to $12,616 million in 2021, the company's revenue from the non-cooking business rose to almost five years of capgr.
Figure 7 Company ' s share of all product categories in 2021 Chart 6 Company ' s share of all product categories from 2015 to the present (millions of dollars) Chart 8 Company ' s rate of increase from 2015 to the present
Factors such as price increases affect the Māori rate - 1.8/-7.8 ptt, respectively; wooden doors and baths are still fast and long-term, smaller, branding power and size effects will gradually become apparent. In 2021, there were 7475 shops, including 200 new ones.
The number of cabinets/circles/baskets/gifts/gifts/gifts/operiums are, respectively, sub-crowded consumption, and the end-doors are important space displays and function as interfaces. The company’s net additions in recent years have slowed down, optimizing the terminal shop structure.
According to the distribution channels, the traditional distributor channels are the largest, the direct channel is the most visible, and the bulk channel is risk-oriented and controlled. In 2021, the company collected 156.8/587/3673 million yuan, corresponding to -1.90 pct.
In the meantime, the Māori rate of the company's bulk channel is down from 18.7 pct in 2018, and the Māori rate of the company's 16 companies has grown rapidly in 2018 to date, with the company taking advantage of the front-end traffic in response to the fragmentation of the channel.
Models, delivery advantages, in collaboration with head-to-head, and pre-loading companies, are used for home-to-house-to-house cooperation. Since 2018, the company has been implementing a home-to-house model, which can be broken down into direct-brand and distributors.
In addition, the company works with the heads of companies (the first three) to make them dealers in the company ' s dressing business. (2) The dealer ' s dressing is a brand-new attempt launched by the company in 2021, and the company encourages the distributors to join the locals.
The establishment of a door-to-door, with its already large and leading distribution system, has helped to quickly establish a nationwide operation of dress-up operations to take over the flow entrances. To ensure the high quality and rapid progress of dress-up operations, the company, through 1) has set up a four-storey installation.
Principles to safeguard the interests of distributors; 2) strict selection of high-quality assembly distributors; 3) production base radiation across the country, launching platforms such as “European Quality Materials” from all sides of the supply chain to enable dealers and distributors.
The new home model, jointly funded by the group and the distributors, establishes a joint venture in the core cities, which is responsible for setting up centres of excellence in the cities where they are located, as well as selecting and hiring directors-general to organize teams outside the system, the first of which will be a pilot for representative cities such as Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, etc.
The +Independent Manager model reduces business risks, attracts the power of its own money, brand power, etc., gives preference to distributors within the system, thereby safeguarding the interests of distributors, independent managers lead the teams to ensure independence and professionalism, and mobilizes the motivation of teams. The business model can be replicated quickly and quickly.
At the end of the current valuation, the Europeans are the first companies with brands and products, in the context of steady growth in real estate at the bottom of the current valuation.
There are multiple strengths and barriers, such as power, channels, size, management, and the smooth implementation of the built-in model, the characterization of future performance, and the value of the current configuration.
Compared to comparable companies, companies enjoy valuation premium premiums as home-based firms. Custom-based industries are affected by real estate, end-of-work, high sales growth since 2018, sales data are starting to fall, and we believe they have brands, channels, internal management, etc., in the current context of multi-policy regulation and steady growth of property.
There is greater certainty about the future growth of front-line firms with barriers. The company’s accelerated expansion and integration of goods, the advantage of the channel, is clear, the build-up is sustained and there is a certain value premium. We expect the company to return to net profit in 22-24 years, downside risks, large fluctuations in raw materials, increased competition in the industry, and repeated risks of the epidemic.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.