Europa (603833.sh) Fast growth in closets and apparel and wooden door operations, a strong and well-structured pipeline, a robust growth in overall revenue earnings, and a decline in profit and cost rates. In 2021, the company achieved a camp.
Business income was $20,442 million, an increase of 28.7 per cent in the same year; the net return to mothers was $2,666 million, an increase in the same year, and the rise in raw materials prices. Cost rates were optimized, with sales rates increasing further with operating efficiency: cash flows were sufficient.
Classes: closets and accessories, wooden doors are growing faster. The company’s 52-week maximum/lowest price, wooden doors are growing faster, with 49.5% and 60.4% respectively, respectively.
In terms of growth rates, cabinets contribute 26% to income growth, and closets and accessories 60%. The Māori rate has declined in all categories. Sub-channels: retail operations are growing faster. In retail outlets, the growth rate is 47.3% for direct stores and distributors.
And 40.2 per cent of retail outlets grew faster, with distribution channels contributing 80 per cent to income growth. The Māori rate fell across all channels.
By the end of 2021, the number of packages, electric appliances, domestic appliances, and distributions and so on, had broken by 2 billion and 500 million, respectively.
As of late 2021, there were 7,475 Europa terminals, 363 more than in the previous year, and 1,622 new open shops.
HSN-ES-603833-2021 reported that the build-up power has led to greater clarity and focus on young users, while widening the price belt and effectively expanding the client base. On the other hand, the full-source ecological chain of the self-retail upgrade + pack + load + power provider has been maximized to capture passenger flows;
The Eurasia Report - 603833 - 2020 and the Quarterly Review: Net Profit Over Expectations, while the marketing model has been expanded from a closet dress to a full house-wide customization of the "Cooker + Electrical + Household Appliance", KINS-EUH-603833 - mid-2020: Channels.
To achieve a transformational upgrading of the end-profit model. Eurasia-603833-2019, tri-quarter review: performance meets expectations, distribution loops, investment proposals: watch for channel changes leading up to competitive advantage.
In 2021, the company achieved business income of $20,442 million, a year-on-year increase.
28.7 per cent; net return to the mother is 2,666 million yuan, an increase of 29.2 per cent from the same year, as a result of an increase in the share of the low Maori class of income and an increase in the price of raw materials. Cost rates have been optimized, with sales rates equal to -1.0 to 6.8 per cent; management costs equal to -1.3 to 10.0 per cent; and research and development costs equal.
By category, closets and accessories and wooden doors are growing rapidly. Income: kitchens and closets and accessories/cargos/baskets/baskets are increasing rapidly, and closets and accessories are breaking down into 10 billion camps, making them important engines of growth in Europe.
Figure 5: Share of corporate goods by category, Figure 6: Growth rate of corporate goods by category, Figure 7: Gross profits by segment of corporate goods
Figure 9: The contribution of the kitchen revenue to the overall income growth. Distributively, retail ends are growing rapidly. Income: the direct store/distribution shop/substantial/other channels have sufficient cash flows. Operating net cash flows of $4.05 billion, compared with 4.0 per cent.
In 2021, the Europeans continued to create a multi-channel operation, with a full-scale battle of battle results. The closet (a house-wide custom) contains packages, electricians, domestics, and plastics, with full access; and the cabinet business is in a state of preparation and division.
The year 2021 was the fourth year in which we were in the lead, and the Europeans were in the lead.
Each year, annual billing performance grew by more than 90% over the same year, achieving high growth. One was the introduction of a new brand, the Starhomes Home, and the introduction of two brands into an integrated, customized track. Under the Strategic Approach, "Steping in two wings, global synergy", the firm's leading edge in the whole track was strengthened and further expanded, and the product was customized.
Core + Resource Integration + Twin Dragon Alliance forms are constantly evolving, making full use of the unique advantages of European products, effectively filling up the short-boards of home-loading companies, further enhancing end-power; and third, full-scale re-engineering, management of all-round "refusion" and "influences" of the terminal operating system for the entire assembly of dealers.
According to the company announcement, the build-up of everyone's business as of November 5th, 2021, had a cumulative breakthrough of 2 billion, or 104%; the new brand, the Star House, had been in existence for only 8 months as of December 3st, 2021, with 500 million. On April 8th, 2022, the O.E.C.'s new closet.
In 2022, the Europeans said that they would again expand their cooperation with the appliance industry to 3000+ in three years, with 5 billion+.
The door shop continues to expand and expand, and the income of O’Haryl is growing rapidly. Among these is the cabinet door shop, which continues to upgrade, with over 1,300 new and new stores opened throughout the year; the retail dealership, which is promoted as more than 3,000; and the innovative integrated kitchen business model, which runs more than 600 throughout the year.
In 2021, Ophori's income grew rapidly, from 65.8% to 1,426 million yuan. He was able to “break” the two-pronged approach, with products, displays, sales upgraded, and the “house-wide” industry upgraded, successfully joining the first competitive team in the industry. The first was a brand-new brand called "Me for Generations."
Positioning, with a greater focus on target clients; recasting the original system of light and light products centred on “face”, “good”, “food”, “interest” with low high-school breakthroughs at the price belt, effectively expanding the client base; and building the Eugary Channel ecological chain for traditional retail upgrades + packs + costumes + power suppliers
Change, maximizing the capture of passenger flows; and fourth, sales patterns have been expanded from closet clothes to full house-wide customization of the "Cooker + Electrical + Home-made" model, with a transformation of the end-profit model.
In 2021, with its leading position in the two core product categories of cabinets and closets, the company took full advantage of the advantages of marketing, manufacturing, channels, supply chains, and, against a backdrop of rising raw material costs, remained a strong supporter of market terminals, further consolidating the end-market advantage, and deepening the gradual transformation of channel operations and agents.
The new brand, the Starhomes Home, has opened up a whole new upturn for the Europeans, making it an important enabler for the growth of the group’s performance. Its synergies are yet to be fully released.
With the product, channel, brand advantage of their own industry, it is hoped that in the future, companies will be helped to improve their client efficiency, reduce their client costs, and generate faster growth in more product categories. Based on the rapid growth of some product categories and packaging channels, we raise the company’s income projections; and because of the fact that
Upstream raw material costs, cost-side pressures, and low-māori products increase rapidly, reducing profit forecasts. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future.