Europa at Oppeinhomegroup (603833ch) increased their income by 39% in 21 years, so that they all took advantage of the windstorms at 39% yoy, wholedecorationandlargefurniturerestrategyperformedwell.
Opinion Focus investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) event: 21-yearly company reports, generating business income of $20.440 billion, with the same increase
• The closet business has developed rapidly, deepening the construction of the residential model.
One step forward, with more than 1,300 new and new shops opened throughout the year, promoting retail distributor cooperation, more than 3,000 new and innovative integrated kitchen business models, and more than 600 more businesses throughout the year. The woodgate m6 profit model highlights the impact, and the value of the v3 sales design certification package is raised.
I'm going to do it. We're going to complete the cleaning, construction, global strategic supply cooperation, and we're going to redefine industry standards.
At the end of the spectrum. For 21 years, direct stores/distributors/subscribes/substantial businesses/other income earners. Of these, the number of doors in the Osei cabinet/Opery closet/Operani house is 24,201/805/989/021/47, respectively.
"Starhomes Home," two brands cut into an integrated, custom-made track, decorating everyone with an annual billing performance of more than 90%, and computerizing re-creates the business ecology of all people. There are now more than 7,000 companies with a full range of products and channels.
The store has fully applied its own caxa home design software, with nearly 30,000 user accounts for 21 years of caxa design, resulting in a single-day online design programme of more than 40,000, with a peak of more than 100,000 units per day and a cloud-end computing capacity that actually exceeds 400,000 high-record maps per day.
The company's own production mscs control system and the Xmes flexible manufacturing management system have reached more than 1 million day-to-day processing plates: “75% waivers, 85% waivers and fast-tracking, 95% cases of fully meeting custom orders”
By completing the construction of the clearing centre and the Tims platform, improving the efficiency of distributor fund settlements and order logistics storage and distribution management; and by innovativeing information-based models and software applications such as plm, mpcs, smart batch optimization, enabling the creation of efficiency gains.
Profit forecasting and rating: In view of the increased competition in the industry and the high prices of raw materials, we will be going to qinglongguo Kwok qinglonggxuanzhou