Good performance, enhanced advantages of privatization of the energy integration of the New Olympics - New Olympic shares reported in 2024. New Olympic shares (60803.sh)
The net return to the mother was $4,493 million (net of $3,711 million), corresponding to 36,64 per cent (cost & asset liability rate continued to optimize during the period of deduction of the non-merit ratio) and operating net cash flows increased by the same amount in 2024.
The weighted average net asset return (roe) on the New Olympic shares was 19.06 per cent, a decrease of 15.33 pct from 34.39 per cent in the same period the previous year.
From 0.09 pct to 13.93 per cent, influenced by factors such as the market environment and geopolitics, natural gas wholesale industry 100 million cubic metres, an increase of 10.3 per cent over the same period; 2) retail gas sales amounting to 26.2 billion cubic metres, a further increase in the same profit capacity; 3) wholesale gas is affected by the market environment and geopolitics, etc.
In terms of infrastructure operations, the Arksan lng receiving station has performed well, with 24.22 million tons discharged throughout the year, a significant increase of 54.95% over the same period. As the Shensan is strong, it provides security for the continued development of future gas sales.
The Association’s resource reserves are sufficient to provide a strong growth dynamic for direct sales. It is planned to be 300 tons deep and 2.7 million tons in 2029. In keeping with the rapid growth of the Association’s resources, the company is accelerating its push to the mountain.
It is expected that the company’s proposed privatization of the Port’s share of New Olympic energy will enhance upstream-downstream integration.
1:2.9427 and 24.5 Hong Kong dollars/shares. From the point of view of the industrial chain, after privatization, the advantages of upstream resource acquisition for New Olympic shares will create deep synergies with the NAU downstream energy end-user network, which will not only enhance overall bargaining power, but will also be more effective in responding to the risk of price volatility in the gas market.
Moreover, privatization will optimize corporate governance structures, reduce associated transactions, and improve the efficiency of the use of funds, which in the long run will help to reshape corporate valuations.
Every 10 shares find a gold dividend of $10.3 (including taxes), consisting of annual dividends of $8.1 and $2.2 with a steady increase in profits, the advantages of an integrated layout, with annual cash dividends no less than 50 per cent of the year's core profits.
The construction of the station project was less advanced than expected; domestic gas prices were lower than expected; combined energy sales were lower than expected; privatization processes were less than expected; and I am committed to producing the present report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration was not available in the past.
Downstream research. Used to work on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined China’s Galaxy securities in January 2022.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.