Newtimesecrities multi-field forward-looking layout, precision-manufacturing giants flourishing -- top-heavy cover report for the first time.
• Prominently recommended (first rating) for the first time in the country, with a “very recommended” rating: Precision as a domestic congener, with connections, acoustics, antennas, motors, none
Many product lines, such as wire charging, and many types of products cut into the apple supply chain. From consumer electronics, companies have expanded to the 5g telecommunications and car electronics fields, and have become sophisticated manufacturing platform-type companies with multi-producer lines. We believe that consumer electronics are constantly innovating, and that the 5g era is about to come.
• The multi-faceted layout, with high growth rates in corporate consumer electronics: the upgrading of consumer electronics, the emergence of accompanying products, and the increasing demand for precision manufacturing. As wireless charging applications mature, the size of the launch and receiving end markets grows rapidly;
5g drives changes in antennas, the lcp antenna penetration continues to rise; the wireless headphone market explodes and the share of the airpods market is expected to rise; type-c is expected to have a single data interface and the market share is steadily rising, and its market size is expected to expand. Companies, as domestic elite manufacturers, are expected to grow.
We believe that we have benefited from the introduction of new products such as airpods and the increasing penetration of linear motors, icp antennas, etc., and that the company’s consumer electronics business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
• The potential for long-term growth is great in the active layout of 5g communications and auto electronics: the company has a long-term layout in the area of 5g communications and car electronics. In the case of 5g communications, the company has three lines of production, such as interconnected product lines, radio frequency product lines and PV lines, which we believe are accompanied by the beginning of the 5g era.
With strong manufacturing capacity and technological accumulation, corporate communications are expected to grow rapidly; in the case of motor power, the company has a twin-track approach: in 2011, the company set up the Kunshan Telecom, and in 2012, it acquired 55% of Fujian PVC and 100% of suk. We believe that automobiles are electric and intelligent.
It will accelerate the general trend toward car digitisation, and the company’s forward-looking layout is expected to fully benefit from the industry dividend, which, according to the Institute of Vision Industry, is expected to reach $355 billion in 2023. With smartphones entering saturation, innovation remains the dominant mode of the market.
1.1. The smartphone market enters saturation, and the global smartphone market enters saturation in 2018 with a drop in shipments. According to the latest report released by idc, global smartphone exports are projected to decline by 4.1 per cent in 2018, compared to the top six mobile operators in the world.
First, China’s market is saturated, and the volume of deliveries will continue to decline. Second, the main driving force of the current market will be the demand for the switch, and the market’s hands will continue to fall.
The convergence of machine and hardware, full screens, 3dtouch, double cameras, etc. are not enough to drive the switch, and the macroeconomic downturn caused by the China-United States trade war has further prolonged the shift of cell phones. Third, the market expected 5g is premature in 2019, and the pull of consumer demand for the switch is expected to be limited.
Without major technological upgrades, mobile phones are expected to be difficult to switch and upgrade. 1.2. Matthews effect: downstream concentration increases lead to concentration of midstream model plants, market concentration increases, home-grown cellular brands are reversible. As mobile phones drop, brand concentration occurs.
Also rapidly rising, the concentration of Top6 smartphones increased by 7.3 percentage points in 2018, with three stars and apples facing bottlenecks, a decline in market shares, a rise in home brands, and a rise in the concentration of mobile phone brands, especially in China and Mi, leading to a further increase in the concentration of medium-sized model plants.
Model factory output has also been polarized, and the market share of leading firms with the advantage of self-innovation and size has increased. For example, in 2018, the global top camera module manufacturer and second- and third-line camera module were dichotomized, with top producers producing up to 35kk per month, while the second- and third-line plant produced up to 35k per month.
This trend is expected to continue in the future, with the highest volume of merchants delivering less than 15 kk. 1.3. Future outlook for industry: Innovation remains a growing competition between melody top brands and a strong demand for innovation. The year 2018 will be very difficult for all mobile phone manufacturers.
In one year, the market was rapidly concentrated toward head producers, with the small- and medium-sized brands being significantly compressed, and competition between top brands intensified. In such a market context, head producers increased their investment in innovation to retain existing users and acquire new ones.
Acoustic devices refer to microphones, receivers, speakers, etc.
A specially designed waterproof filter has been used to enhance waterproofness by designing the speaker and connector together. Figure 2: Waterproofing membrane in three-star note7 microphones.
The screen sound technology is favoured by the manufacturer. The screen sound technology is based on the oled screen panel, which, with voltage sensors and bone transfer, is a technique that is used to sound through microshock units when one ear reaches the upper part of the screen. The screen sound technology for the receiver and microphone can be removed by the manufacturer because of the spread of the full screen.
In favor of, and relative to, traditional technology, screen sound technology drives the sound of the screen through microshock units, without the need for a sound hole, and the screen can be heard anywhere. From cell phones to smartphones, the market space for speakers is opened further.
The smart speakers market has expanded rapidly since then, with major companies rolling their own smart speakers. The most important feature of the traditional sound boxes, smart speakers, is that they can provide more services to users through voice control. Smart speakers have further opened up the market for acoustic devices.
Space, for example, echo applied seven microphones and two speakers, while homepod used six microphones and eight speakers. The Technavio report indicates that global sales of microphones are expected to reach 15.16 billion by 2021, with an annual compound growth rate of nearly 10 per cent.
Mems microphones gradually replace emc in the mainstream of the market. Mems microphones use changes in voltage size. Sound signals are converted to telecoms, while emc microphones are achieved by a polymer-based vibrating film, which is more stable than ecm microphones at different temperatures, and are not subject to temperature, vibration, etc.
Mems microphones are made up of mems chips, magnifiers, vocal cavity and rf anti-noise circuits. The industrial chain consists mainly of crystal circle manufacturing, chip encapsulation, and system encapsulation. The current crystal circle manufacturing technology is dominated by buildings, British fliers, Omron, and the middle-swain wrapping is done by knowles, aac and Gore companies.
According to yole data, the sales of mems audio equipment reached $1 billion in 2017, while mems are expected to reach $2 billion by 2022 and the ecm market to $700 million.
1.3.2 Wire charged: The application scene has matured and the wireless recharge wind vent has reached the point where the power transfer between the power source and the electrical device is performed in a non-contact wireless mode. The available wireless recharge technology includes electromagnetic sensors, magnetic resonance, radio waves, ultrasound, infrared lasers, and so on.
Field coupling. Most of the prevailing technologies are currently used for electromagnetic senses and magnetic resonance. Figure 6: Wireless charging suggests that the wireless charging technology forms two camps, and industry standards are gradually harmonized.
There are two major charging unions, wpc and anairfoel. The two technologies are multi-trip, with high rates of charge from electromagnetic sensor technology, but with high consistency and small distances between the wiring and the wiring loops, the location is inflexible. The electromagnetic resonance is not required for location, but the FM is not easy. wpc is the first in the industry and is a member.
The largest leagues, Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Apple, are their supporters, while the airfuels are not yet well-developed, charging less quickly and more expensive, so the oi standard will be the market mainstream standard in the short term. Cell phones push wireless charge, and the receiving end market penetration rate increases markedly.
As a result, nokia was boldly equipped with wireless chargers on lumia920 in 2012, but because of the hand at the time, it did not become a mainstream technology. As technology developed, the three stars were equipped with wireless chargers on s6 in 2015, and the apples were equipped with wireless chargers on x in 2017, and wireless chargers were used in their hands.
Currently, almost all cellular giants have introduced wireless chargers, and it is expected that the penetration rate in the wireless charge market will increase further. According to the Wpc coalition, the ball is expected to deliver 1 billion and 400 million transmitters by 2020, and the world is expected to deliver 2 billion by 2025.
On February 26, the first wireless charger was sold, with a maximum capacity of 10,000 mah, with a maximum capacity of 10w powered wireless fast charge, and a 5 mm vertical charge, even with a cell phone shell. As the wireless recharge scene was enriched and converted more efficiently, the test was made possible.
Given the ease of wireless charging, it is believed that there will be an increasing number of mobile phones and equipment in the future with wireless charging.
Blocks. The program design and power chip have a high value added and the technical barriers are high, largely monopolized by large plants abroad; the barriers to magnetic materials and transmission loops are relatively low and present a pattern of medium-to-south competition; and the barriers created by the module are the lowest and very low-profit, with major manufacturers from China.
The cost of the Wireless Charging Industry Chain is detailed Programme Design: The program design is the highest value added of the Wire Charging Industry Chain, accounting for 30% of the total wireless charge cost. Currently, it is dominated by high-line, apple, Tesla, communications, information technology, etc.
Power chip: The power chip is the second-highest value-added link in wireless charge, accounting for 28% of the total cost. The chips in wireless charge include the wireless charger (rx) chip and the wireless charger (tx) chip, and the product evolves in the direction of high integration, high charge efficiency, low power consumption.
idt, nxp, mtk, ti, etc., was the first manufacturer to introduce a multi-mode wireless charge solution. Magnetic material: magnetic material is also a higher value-added link in wireless recharge, accounting for 21% of the total cost. Magnetic materials involved in wireless charging include inert magnets and molten iron oxygen, whose main role is to enhance the firing and receiving lines.
The magnetic flux in the circle increases transmission efficiency and also acts as a positioning device. The flexible magnet oxygen is used mainly as a separator, which increases the sensitivity of magnetic fields and shieldes the wires from interference.
The transmission loop: the transmission loop accounts for 14% of the total wireless charge cost. The transmission loop requires close upstream/downstream working in the industrial chain, highly customized, and the industry barrier is primarily the precision processing capacity of the manufacturer and the connection between it and the upstream/downstream.
In the area of transmission loops, domestic manufacturers have a greater advantage, with major firms such as philosophies, telecommunications, and so on. Model manufacturing: the lowest value-added link in the Wireless Recharged Industry chain, mainly involving domestic manufacturers, such as Hinwanda.
1.3.3 Antenna: An outbreak of 5g in the near-eminence of the 5g era, where the icp antenna performance is excellent, and the distribution of countries is diverse. 5g, the fifth largest mobile communication technology, has a higher transmission rate and a wider bandwidth compared to 4g, 5g. All major countries around the globe attach great importance to 5g development, according to their respective countries.
National development plans, 2019, will be a testing phase for 5g, and 2020 will gradually start large-scale commercial lcp materials that are excellent and are expected to become the mainstream antenna of the 5g era. Large clients introduced the icp antenna for the first time in 17 of iphonex.
The high-performance special engineering plastics developed by the State Dubon Corporation, with excellent heat-resistant and plastic processing properties, are used mainly in electronics, electricals, optical fibres, automobiles, and aerospace applications. The lcp antenna is one of the same kinds as the soft plate antennas, except that the mainstream softboard uses pi-based materials, while the lcp antenna uses lcp materials.
Antennas have excellent heterogeneity and are considered to be the next generation of mainstream antennas: mobile phones in the direction of high-frequency (HF), lcp material medium constants and mediums with low electrical losses and good seals, suitable for 5g HF mm wave communications
Full screen design has resulted in fewer antennas, more difficult antenna designs, and more soft antennas, so that more internal space can be saved, cellular space is irregular, the original circular coaxial radio frequency transmission lines cannot be adapted, and more performance is required.
Good lcp materials as transmission media to achieve flat radio frequency signal transfer problems lcp materials are very soft and lcp antenna chains: mainly dominated by foreign manufacturers, continental manufacturers participate in module manufacturing. lcp antennas
The industrial chain consists mainly of raw materials, medium- and soft-board manufacturers, and downstream module plants. Upstream materials include lcp resin, copper platinum, etc., the main suppliers include Dubon, Coke, and so on, while the middle-trip link uses raw materials processing plants, fccl, to complete soft-board processing. The main suppliers include the main suppliers.
Murada, Jia United, etc., downstream are model manufacturers who design modules and then process them into modules with some function. Model manufacturing is a major difficulty for the lcp antenna, with fewer suppliers on the market, and the main manufacturers include Afino, sophisticated communications and philosophies.
1.3.4. Mada: Full screen penetration accelerates, the firm pushes real tactile feedback values the user's experience and pushes real tactile feedback. Apples have been very sensitive to the development of tactile feedback technology for user experience. Apples used multi-touch touch control techniques on macbook as early as 2014.
The apples then reinforced motor technology and introduced linear motors in iphones to enable them to accurately re-enact clicks, touch and other tactile effects.
Figure 14: Watch has a tactile feedback system where linear motor performance is superior and new trends in industry are emerging. Vibrating motors are used to make mobile phones vibrate, and before the advent of online motors, mobile phones are used mainly to vibrate, but there are some defects in the twig motors.
It's slow to start, slow to brake, and it can't do complex vibrations without directional direction. The cell phone linear motor is a spring mass that moves in linear form, converting electricity directly into a new motor that can move a straight motion machine without having to pass through any intermediate conversion device. The linear motor has a clear advantage over the turning motor: the response is fast.
Long-lived, vibrating frequencies and amplitudes can be controlled, creating complex vibrations that can provide multiple vibrations, and that are expected to replace traditional spins in the future and increase penetration.
Three-star electrons, lig electrons, golden dragons, Swe, Gore shares, and newcomers, etc. 1.3.5., type-c: The technological advantages are clear, the technological advantages of the monolithic data interfaces are clear, the giants are strong, and the data interfaces are expected to be gradually harmonized in the future.
Being stronger and increasing performance requirements such as charging and transmission of data, the traditional Usb interfaces (microusb and miniusb, etc.) are no longer able to meet demand, and webs have a number of models, mixed and incompatible, which has led to the introduction of a new generation of interface markers, driven by the international giants of the Three Stars.
Aligns. The type-c has the following major advantages compared to the traditional interfaces: 1. Data transfer speed, theoretical transmission speed from the previous 500 mb/s to 1000 mb/s; 2. In both positive and negative terms, the interface will not be lost due to plug-in; 3. Small size, type-c interface size 8.3 x 2.5 mm, smaller than the traditional Usb interface, adapted to the electronic set-up
Preparation of miniature tidal currents; 4. Rapid charge speed, type-c interfaces can withstand more than 3a currents, with a maximum charge power of 100w, well above 4.5w of usb3.0. Volume up, type-c interface market space is huge: benefits from active promotion by major manufacturers, type-c interface seepage
The penetration rate for the type-c interface in 2017 is 42%, according to gsmarena. ihs expects to reach 2 billion in 2019, of which type-c will reach 80% for computers and 50% for smartphones and panels.
The volume of electronic equipment delivered with type-c interfaces will reach 5 billion units a year. The unit price for usb3.0 is US$ 15-20, while the unit price for type-c data lines is US$ 25-40. The unit price for type-c interfaces and the volume of shipments will increase significantly, and the logo network projects that the global market space for type-c will reach US$ 66.9 billion in 2020.
Global type-c market size forecast, telecommunications and automobile operations market space, long-term market availability
2.1. Communications: 5g commercial holdings are ready, base-station construction is about to break out 5g superior performances and application scenarios are expanding. According to the imt-2020 summary, 5g performance is better in terms of speed, traffic density, connection density, etc., and 5g is 100 times higher than 4g for traffic density and energy efficiency indicators; and in companies, 5g is higher than 4g.
In terms of teledensity, time lag, user experience rate, etc., it is 10 times higher than in 4g. In application settings, because of the high performance of 5g, the application landscape is greatly expanded, and in specific applications, 5g will be widely applied in the fields of vr/ar, car networking, intelligent manufacturing, etc.
The guidance issued by the State Council to further expand and upgrade the potential of information consumption for the sustainable release of domestic demand clearly states that priority should be given to promoting 5g standards research, technology testing, and industrial advancement, with a view to starting a business in 2020.
Phase three tests, base stations and core equipment have reached commercial levels, with 5g temporary licence plates expected to be issued in several cities this year, and it is expected that with the issuance of licence plates, the next 5g will be a large-scale investment build-up period. 5g HF, bandwidth characteristics drive the outbreak of small base stations. 5g features include continuous wide area coverage, high hotspot appearances, etc.
The four characteristics are high and low frequency resources, of which low frequency resources are for continuous wide area coverage, low power consumption connections, low-time high reliability, with the main carrier being macro-based stations, while the high frequency resources are mainly for high thermal capacity, compared to 4g, 5g frequencies.
A 10-40-fold increase. And high frequency is too much for red base stations, so a 5-g base station will be used for a super-intensity network. Small base stations, because of their low power, have a very small distance of 10-20 metres between them, and are much smaller than the shortest distance of 500 metres from the macro base station, so that the number of small base stations will be much larger than the macro base station.
In the 5g era, the antenna was upgraded from a passive antenna to an active antenna, and the antenna technology was significantly upgraded. The traditional antennas and base stations were no longer adapted to the new requirements, requiring 64, 128 or more antenna arrays in one-sided antennas, and further improvements in radio frequency device performance.
The number of antennas carried by the 5g base station will increase significantly under the super-intensity network. According to data from the sky, the national investment in the 5g antenna in 2018 will reach $7.43 billion by 2023. Two filters will be required for a single antenna, and the 5g base station will require a large amount of filters, which are expected to be in 2018.
The size of the field is 96 million yuan, reaching 11,522 million yuan in 2023. Massivemimo technology significantly increases the demand for antennas.
The main role of the light module is data transfer. The demand for the light module for the data transfer has increased as a result of the surge in 5g information transmissions. Based on observations of data from the sky, the domestic investment in fibre and otn in 2018 was 300 million yuan, and in 2023 it will reach 127.5 billion yuan.
5g base station investment projections 5g filter market size 5g antenna technology and morphological changes give new opportunities to the industrial chain, which may be relaxed.
With the large array antenna technology, with more access and greater integration miniaturization, these are very demanding antennas, which involve the whole system and compatibility, in which case the antenna technique has moved beyond the concept of the widgets to the design of the system, which gives industry the opportunity to shuffle.
2.2. Automobile electronics: Electrodynamics and smarts drive the electronic demand for automobiles. Countries compete for new energy vehicles, which are becoming more electric. As oil resources become scarce, environmental pollution is increasing, and countries compete for their own new-energy car strategic planning.
Energy planning shows that, by 2020, two million electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles were sold, with a cumulative output of more than five million. According to ihs and pwc, the global volume of new energy vehicles was 1.42 million in 2017, while traditional vehicles were sold 8,358 million and the global electronics market was $240 billion.
In 2022, the global volume of new energy vehicles was 7 million, the volume of conventional vehicles was 99 million and the global electronic market was $337.9 billion.
The rapid increase in the penetration rate of car intelligence is a necessary stage in the evolution of the automobile industry. The evolution of car intelligence can be divided into four stages: assistive driving, semi-automatic driving, conditional autopilot, and complete automation. According to the Council of Europe, the global market reached $7.03 billion a year, with a complex annual growth rate of 11.8 per cent.
Smart car phases The size of the unmanned vehicle market (in millions of United States dollars) Automotive electronics can be divided into two main categories: a car-based electronic control system and a vehicle-borne electronic control system.
(b) A vehicle-borne electronic system means an electronic device that can be used independently and has nothing to do with motor driving, including a vehicle-borne information system, a satellite navigation system, a vehicle-borne communications system, etc.
Automobile electronics make up the bulk of the new energy and smartness of cars, which accelerates the increase in car electron rates. The determinants of overall car electron rates are mainly three-fold: the share of new-energy automobile sales, the share of high-end car sales, and the intellectualization of cars.
The increase in penetration, car connectivity, and the spread of unmanned vehicles will contribute to the increase in car digitisation. According to the Institute of Pre-Operate Production, the global electronics market is expected to reach $355 billion by 2023.
With low industrial concentration and market segmentation, the current suppliers in the area of high-end products are basically Euro-American and Japanese auto parts and components, such as Wei-Tung, mainland, Bo-Shee, Del-Foot. As the country pushes ahead with automobile intelligence and the growth of local car manufacturers, part of me.
National auto electronics manufacturers are growing rapidly and have begun to enter autonomous auto brands and parts of international brands, leading domestic connectors, efficient M&As to create new eco-economy 3.1, internal outreach and creation of sophisticated manufacturing platforms.
Created in May 2004 to start with wire beams and assembly, gradually develop into a leading enterprise in the domestic connector industry through continuous extension and acquisition, integration of the industrial chain up and down, landing in 2010a, and further expanding its operations through the capital market companies, which have now become a multidisciplinary and multi-faceted enterprise.
Precision manufacturing platform-type companies with product lines. The company’s main products include connection lines, connectors, acoustic radio-frequency devices, wireless chargers, electronic modules, and product coverage in sectors such as computers, consumer communications, automobiles. 3.1.1, Core logic: accelerated penetration of short-term apple operations, benefiting from 5g and automobiles in the medium to long term.
We believe that the company, as a cutting-edge company, has great technological advantages and is now entering the pelican fruit supply chain and is expected to open up multiple markets through extended M&As. In the short term, the company, as one of the suppliers of apples, benefits from the introduction of new products such as airpods and penetration rates of linear motors, icp antennas, etc.
Current builders in the airpods have well-established companies, such as those in charge of stockholdings, industry and Gore, which are highly sophisticated in precision manufacturing and production, and we expect their share to increase as the volume of airpods increases. At the same time, the lcp antenna has a great advantage at 5g, and the company is currently Apple.
The main supplier of the antenna module; the big customer pushes wireless charging, and the company has a dual advantage in the field of wireless charging, iwatch wireless charging modules and cellular wireless charging receivers, which benefit from the outbreak of the wireless charging market. On the other hand, the company becomes the main supplier of linear motors, followed by the company.
In the medium term, companies have benefited from a steep increase in the price of type-c interfaces. The type-c interface performance is significantly better than the USb3.0 and the one-size-fits-all data interface is moving. Companies have already provided the type-c interface for Macbook, and are expected to expand to other brands.
The unit price is also higher than the traditional usb3.0 interface, which will be a major driver of growth in corporate performance. In the long run, the company has been deployed for a long time in the area of 5g telecommunications and automobile electronics. The company is now operating on a smaller scale in the area of automobiles and communications, with the future increase in the electronic cost of automobiles, and increased demand for fibre cables, light modules, antennas, etc., from the 5g-era base stations.
The Division's performance is expected to rise. 3.1.2, Explosion M&As, full deployment of high-quality tracks, Inc. is a leader in the field of domestic connectors and the world's eighth largest connector manufacturer, the only one in the country to enter the top ten.
On the basis of a connector, the company has continuously expanded its capabilities. After being listed, the company has acquired a number of businesses, cutting into new products and acquiring a number of international customer resources. In 2010, it improved its capacity to process wire beams, and in 2011 it acquired the Kunshan Uttarus to become an apple insider.
The main suppliers of wire beams cut into the apple industry chain; the acquisition of Colton and Taiwan Zhende, into the communications industry, establishing close cooperation with communications giants such as Hua Dynasty and Emerson; the win-win acquisition of Chuhai in 2012 and entry into the fpc domain; the acquisition of Fon Island, Suzhou, in 2014 into the wearing field; and the acquisition of the UST, Suzhou, in 2016, to become the Apple Voice.
Multiple industrial integrations have been successful in demonstrating the company’s ability to integrate well. Enterprise development, at some stage, has often faced a certain business dilemma, making it difficult to achieve new business breakthroughs, moving quickly into other industries or product lines through M&As.
A fast way, but how to integrate it to achieve win-win outcomes is a big problem for all firms. In the development process of the past few years, too many firms have been acquired, and the integration has been very effective, and the firms that have been bought together have made good progress in the process.
In the case of Jiang Xibozu, Kunshan and Sioux Mait, the net interest rate was only 7.1 per cent before the company acquired Bo. After the takeover, the net interest rate rose to 14.5 per cent three years later, and only five years later, Jiang Xibo's profits and net profits increased nearly fourfold and threefold, respectively. After the acquisition, the company entered Apple.
In 2016, the company entered the audio field of large clients, thanks to its excellent integration capacity and its deep accumulation in the audio field.
Corporate acoustic products are rising rapidly, and harvests are growing. 3.1.3, R & D is important, and sophisticated manufacturing capabilities are far ahead.
Research and development costs, and the expansion of new businesses for new products. As can be seen from the financial statements over the years, corporate R & D investment has increased in absolute terms and in terms of revenue, from year to year, to $2.515 billion in 2018, ranked third in a share of electronics. Sustained investment has not only provided sufficient impetus for company growth, but has also been consolidated.
The company's position in the industrial chain is strong in its sophisticated manufacturing capabilities. With its obvious cost and manpower advantages, over the past decade, China has seen the emergence of a number of excellent e-businesses that are concentrated in the middle- and zero-components of the industry, which they share.
One of the best representatives of the low cost, the speed with which customers respond, and the ability to make it. For example, Airpods, the most sophisticated product ever produced as an apple, was very difficult to make, initially produced by Taiwan's British Dat, but never ideal.
And with a sophisticated manufacturing capability, which is fast approaching 100 percent, it's becoming the first supplier, along with other product lines, like motors, acoustics, and it's thanks to this powerful precision that we've managed to overcome one after the other, and to successfully expand the multi-product industry horizontally.
Airpods is the most sophisticated product of Apple to date: 3.1.4, keep up with pc and consumer electronic trends, and continue to perform steadily and with high growth, thanks to the expansion of the company's product lines and customers, and its performance has continued to grow at a high and steady rate since its listing.
(1) pc era (from inception to 2013): this period of growth has been concentrated in the traditional pc industry, which, on a long-term basis, actively deploys new operations (including mobile terminal markets, communication markets, automobile markets, etc.) by means of both in- and out-of-life means, thus laying the technological and talent base for future high growth.
(2) Consumer electronic age (2014-present): In keeping with the strategy of focusing on interconnected products and sophisticated zero-component operations, with a basic focus on serving large clients, companies began to seize the opportunity of rapid electronic consumer development in 2014 to expand and enrich product lines (from connectors to acoustics, wireless charging, motors, etc.) and consume.
The rapid growth in e-business from 2.6 billion in 2014 to 26.8 billion in 2018 has added a new step to corporate revenue and net profits. Figure 37: Rapid growth in corporate consumer e-business from 4.4 billion in 2015 to 26.8 billion in 2018
3.1.5 The Māori rate remains stable and Roe is expected to continue to rise, while net interest rates continue to decline as a result of a steady increase in the overhead and financial costs of the three fees.
The ratio of management costs after excluding R & D costs remains essentially unchanged. As can be seen from the company’s annual reports 2009 to 2018, the ratio of management costs after excluding R & D costs fluctuates only slightly, between 2.5 and 3.5%, reflecting the level of management excellence of the company.
The fixed increase has led to a fall in roe, which is expected to return to normal levels in the future. The history of the past shows that the company roe has experienced two large declines, in 2010 and 2016, with an increase of 4.6 billion in ipo Divisions for type-c, expansion of audio-frequency arrays, etc., resulting in a significant increase in roe.
The downside (net interest rates also have some impact, mainly due to higher R & D costs) is expected to increase steadily in the future with the official output of the fund-raising project.
All-round layout in multiple fields, benefiting from the outbreak of the emerging application market. 3.2.1, Acoustics: working together in aesthetics and making a big leap forward in acoustics.
The voice industry has made a big leap forward by joining forces with the United States of America. Suzhou's Mets has been investing continuously in the audio field for many years, with a wealth of experience and depth of research and development in the mems micro-sounding field, and is an apple macbook major supplier. They have an advantage in resource integration and management, with two years of combined development.
There is still much room for acoustics to grow. The sound products are now being produced only for mobile phones and macs, not yet for airpods and iwatch, and on mobile phones and mac.
There is still room for some improvement, and the company has not yet entered Andre, and is now trying to enter Andre, and it is expected to make progress this year, and the future of acoustics is to be looked forward to. Together with the U.S.A., the competition has deteriorated.
It's been held by Gore and aac, but since the acquisition of American law, competition has deteriorated rapidly as a result of a low-priced competitive strategy. For example, the share of acoustic devices among large clients is about 10 per cent in 2017, rising rapidly to 20 per cent in 2018, and is expected to rise further to 2019.
By contrast, the share of aac and Gore continues to decline. Corporate acoustic growth logic 3.2.2, airpods: Apple's most complex product, the share of assembly is expected to rise
Airpods led the industry, and the era of wireless headphones has come. The Wireless Headphones, introduced by Apple in 2016, promoted wireless and intelligentness in the headphones market, bringing a breakthrough to the smart headphones market. The success of the airpods attracted competition.
Cote d'Ivoire, Sony, etc., has launched their own smart headphones, and four old headphone manufacturers, Sam Hyssel, Agg, and so on, are running straight. Wireless headset is a bit of a problem, and apart from being convenient, wireless headphones can be combined with smart voice, becoming an entry to artificial intelligence-era human interaction and being used with more functionality.
By integrating into the wireless headphones, the penetration rate will continue to rise in the future. Airpods products are in short supply and become the best-selling part of Apple's history. Airpods drive the Wireless Headphone market to explode, and headphones rise rapidly. According to slick data, airpods take the headphone market.
Market share of 26% of the field, 13 million in 2017 and 26-28 million in 2018
Airpods is one of the most complex products of the apple process. The headphones perform music, voice recognition, communication, etc. as a whole, adding sensors, etc. to traditional wired headphones. According to Shanghai Microtechnics, airpods have 16.5 mm x 18.0mm x 40.5 mm, with sensors, microphones, etc.
And a total of more than 10 chips, a variety of cables, very high product density, with microphones and loudspeakers attached to the airpods chip, airpods.
The company is the leader of sophisticated manufacturing and the main manufacturer of airpods. The company relies on strong precision manufacturing power to cut into the airpods industrial chain. Due to the technical difficulties, the early airpods have a low rate of excellence, the climb of the slopes, and the company ' s good rate has increased significantly, becoming the main assembler of airpods. The future volume of airpods is going to be delivered.
There is still much room for growth in the field of airpods as a result of a significant increase in the quality of company goods. 3.2.3. Wireless charging: technology accumulates and is a core supplier.
Thick, the core supplier of the applewatch. New iPhones released in 2018 also used the company's rx coils. 3.2.4, antennae business: cut into the large client's lcp antenna module manufacturing chain.
Smt has excellent manufacturing capability and has successfully cut into the large customer ' s lcp antenna manufacturing process. The lcp antenna manufacturing process is similar to the fpc antenna.
The smt manufacturing capacity has successfully entered the large customer, the lcp antenna process is complex and prices have risen significantly. The lcp antenna process is complex and costly, so the prices of the traditional antennas have risen significantly compared to the traditional antennas. According to industry chain research, the pi-based antenna is about 0.4-0.5 US dollars.
In 2019, part of the supply chain will be replaced by mpi material, but the long-term trend will remain unchanged. Because of the complexity of the lcp manufacturing process, good rates are very low, costs are high, and large clients are largely successful.
This and supply chain considerations are expected to replace part of the lcp antenna with the mpi antenna in 2019 to reduce reliance on the lcp material. The mpi is far from being better than the lcp, more than 4 floors of mpi is largely below the standard, and it is expected that the lcp material will be returned to the site in the follow-up if the lcp supply problem is resolved.
Bits. Large clients are also expected to introduce ecp material further into Macbook in 2019, considering that ecbook is less cost-sensitive, and behind it is the large customers ' share of ecp technology stocks for years and accelerated penetration at the major clients ' end in 2019. Linear motor barriers are high and need to be at the foot of the scale.
Inch, frequency, modus operandi, etc. are customised, requiring a high degree of combined power on the part of the manufacturer, and few companies currently have linear motor technology. The company’s stock of motor technology has been in the process of researching motor technology since five to six years, and the technology stock is so deep that it has begun to bloom in 2018, entering into the large client motor business for the first time, and is expected to be in 2019.
Figure 50: Precision share of clients a is expected to rise gradually 3.2.6, type-c: the continent's only technology standard-setter, benefiting fully from industry trends The continent's only producer involved in standard-settering.
And major international companies like Microsoft, which are basically the most advanced firms in all areas of the world, have been involved in the development of type-c standards, with only four companies participating in and promoting the standards in the field of connectors, namely, stand-up, Fuscon, dl, and jae, where the information is dominated. The difficulty of making the type-c connection has led to single machines.
The value has increased significantly, and it is expected that the big customers, as the only standard-setter in the country, will gradually introduce type-c. International clients have introduced type-c interfaces on the macbook as early as 2015, and major customers removed them from their paper products in 2018.
Lighting, replaced by a type-c interface, the main source of which is sophisticated information, we believe that large clients are expected to introduce type-c on their mobile phones to replace the original type-a, and that the creation of communications as their core supplier is expected to benefit further.
Company communications products include, inter alia, server beams (60%), radio frequency (30%) and photo-mode blocks, including base station antennas, filters, etc. Early layout 5g, fixed-coded communications operations, and light modules have been delivered.
The company, which has been researching base-station antennas for many years and which it has been working on to obtain communications tickets since the 4g era, has invested an additional $750 million in 2016 to the Enterprise-level high-speed interconnection technology upgrading project.
High-speed cable components; radio frequency product lines with base station antennas, radio frequency filters, and photovoltaic lines with aoc fibre-optic components, light modules, etc., with light modules starting in 2018.
3.4 Automobile Electronics: The penetration rate of new energy vehicles continues to rise, the potential of automobile operations is enormous, both inward and outward, and auto electronics have been in place for many years.
In 2012, the company acquired 55% of the company ' s shareholdings in the auto connection, the company acquired 100% shareholding in suk, and the suk was the core supplier of the BMW Mercedes door locks in Germany through suk.
The company has a layout in the area of traditional fuel cars and new energy vehicles. The traditional company ' s automobiles include car wires, auto appliances, connectors, and structural devices, which are mainly branded customers at home and abroad (bosch, bosch, etc.).
(a) The supply of whole-line beams, new-energy automobile operations are small in size and at the stage of taking tickets, but there is much room for the future. (1) Products such as company airpods, linear motors, icp antennas continue to increase in the share of large customers;
(ii) The company will benefit fully in the context of continuous innovation in consumer electronics, the impending 5g era and the accelerating trend towards car digitization. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
Risks of decline in sales of mobile phones; increased risks associated with market competition; and risk of change in technology programmes for large clients.