In China, the smartphone industry is the top priority, and the market share of the chain of supply is increasing.
Communications and automobile electronics will be the country's largest electronic connection provider in the long term and are expanding its product mix to cover new markets, including consumer electronics, telecommunications and automobile electronics.
The rise in the market share of the Apple supply chain, the improvement in the product mix, and the free circulation of shares in the communications and automobile industries (millions) have shown strong growth in corporate profitability, leading market positions and diversified production.
Three months a day, on average (millions of United States dollars), apple supply chain market shares are rising. We estimate that apples, the main well-informed customer, accounted for 50% of their income in 2018.
The high-speed airpod assembly industry is one of the bright spots in this category. We expect that sophisticated communications will continue to raise the market share of high-end components, such as acoustics and linear motors, as well as the company ' s profit margins for 2019-2021.
The communications industry and auto-electronics are long-term engines of growth. In addition to the strong sales momentum of apple-related products, we believe that sophisticated communications are also well placed to grow and grow over the long term in the communications and automobile industries. In terms of communications, we expect sophisticated communications to benefit from the base station antenna.
In the area of automobiles, we expect the company to expand its products from structural to linear beams and peripherals.
According to Frost Sullivan's 2017 quote, the top-secret is China's largest and seventh-largest supplier of connector markets.
It was created in 2004 to start with a personal computer connector. Since the 2010a stock market, companies have opened a series of M&A transactions, rapidly expanding their operations to emerging end markets such as acoustic parts, linear motors, antennas, and airpods. As of today, it is a leading platform in the global sophisticated manufacturing supply chain.
We expect that the company will continue to expand its product mix, and the apple supply chain market shares are rising, although the sales of apple phones were weak in the second half of 2018 and the first half of 2017, we believe that spare parts suppliers were facing a shortfall in 2019.
In the past two years, it has been actively expanding its product mix to take a step deeper into the component market. Its product mix includes new products such as lightning wires, switch lines, acoustic components, linear motors, airpod components, wireless chargers and lcp modules. Although it remains the second or third supplier of most new projects, we believe in its market.
There will be great room for growth over the next two to three years. Expanding the product mix will not only increase apple-related sales, but should also raise profit rates, as new projects related to acoustics and linear motors are more profitable than average.
In addition to the strong sales momentum of apple-related products, we believe that telecommunication and automobile industries can grow in the long term. In the area of communications, we expect it to grow, driven by the new demand for base station antennas and optical senders in the 5g era. In the area of automobiles, we expect companies to expand their products from structural pieces to links and connectors of higher dollar value.
As consumer electronics grew by 66 per cent in 2017 with a strong sales growth of 120 per cent on a year-on-year basis. We believe that this is due to: (a) improved profitability resulting from a shift in the product mix to high-profit businesses such as sound and linear motors; (b) significant profits resulting from growing sales of communications and automobiles; and (c) strong business leverage resulting from larger economies of scale.
Combination growth rates; (2) high growth certainty of strong product flow lines for apple products; and (3) sophisticated leading market position and precision-to-mass-to-bust-to-bust-to-bust-to-bust-to-bust-to-bust-to-bust-to-bust-to-bust-to-bust-to-bust-to-bust-to-bust-to-bust zone
A comparison of the valuations of the Chinese science and technology industry suggests that the following risks are associated with soundness: global growth in the volume of personal computers and smart phones is slowing.
Similar to the computer market, the global market for smartphones has saturated and is by definition highly competitive. In the first quarter of 2019, the global market for smartphones continued to decline, with global shipments falling by 7 to 311 million on a year-on-year basis.
Global smartphone sales, Chinese smartphone shipments, profit margin pressure from major competitors.
For traditional products, such as connection lines and connectors, we expect normal price declines each year without major product upgrades. For new products, precision may need to be made at the expense of short-term profitability, thereby increasing their share of the increase in production.
Over-reliance on apples, we predict that 50% of the sophisticated income from the creation of this information comes from apple-related sales. This American tech giant is facing a fierce competition in smartphones from China’s mainland brands.
Our basic assumption is that the market share of some components (e.g. acoustics and linear motors) is increasing. Slow expansion of market share due to low yields or unexpected technical difficulties will erode our sales and reduce our profitability projections.
A sophisticated manufacturing expert with a growing product mix, according to Frost Sullivan 2017, is China’s largest and seventh largest supplier of connector markets. A sophisticated start is being made to assemble connections for personal computers, and the company quickly expands its operations from this single product to include connectors, connectors, skylines, etc.
Line assembly and a wide range of parts and accessories, such as airpods. We believe that the current diversified product mix reduces the risk of a single product. At the same time, sales growth is supported by steady growth in new product lines.
Automobile, medical, high-speed cable, test clips.
ffc fpc microphone
In 2018, PCs and consumer electronics (mainly smartphones) accounted for 10% and 75% of the company ' s total revenue. Companies have a good record of mergers and acquisitions, which helped them advance.
New end markets, such as communications and automobiles, account for 6% and 5% of the company’s revenue in 2018, respectively. We believe that consumer electronics markets remain a key area of sophisticated medium-term growth, owing to the increased use of type C connectors and the increased share of the supply chain of apple.
Precision to provide multiple solutions to consumer e-markets The Ubtype-c connector penetration increase supports growth The Ubtypec connector is well known for its faster and better power supply through usb. In August 2014, the Usb Developer Forum was launched.
Since the beginning of 2015, the portal has started to appear on apples' macbooks and Google chromebooks, as well as some smart phone models, including X-rays and one plus cell phones. Since the beginning of 2018, we have seen a widespread use of the flagship Andre smartphones.
We estimate that in 2019 about 50% of the world's smartphones, laptops, and tablets will use type c slots, compared to 25% in 2017. As a leader in China's market connectors, we believe that we can benefit from the large-scale introduction of usbtypec.
Winning a larger share of the apple supply chain During the last decade, the acquisition played a key role in the development of the company. Soon after the market in the stock market in August 2010, a call was made into the capital market and a radical M&A campaign was launched. Major acquisitions included the following:
(1) Quinsan United Electronics Ltd., a company that provides links to apples in 2011. This transaction represents an effort to spread the apple supply chain through a sophisticated stream. (2) In 2016, 51% of the shares of US-Taiwan subsidiary Sioux Metel were acquired, followed in 2017 by the acquisition of Mets and Shanghai Methes in Hye County.
In 2017, it infiltrated the linear motor supply chain, which we consider to be one of the most profitable components of the apple's entire supply chain. In the past few years, it has been working with Apple to develop new products, such as the wireless receiver module and the lcp component.
We believe that 2018-2020 will be the harvest period. We expect that it will continue to provide apples with additional new components and formulations that will facilitate the company’s overall business over the long term.
We believe that the precision of the code has occupied a place in the voice and linear motor supply chain of Apple phones since 2017 and will continue to do so.
The supply chain of the apple cell phone acoustic component is dominated by three participants: the Swe voice holding stock (2018hk, better than the city), and the Gore stock.
We believe that it has been increasing its share of the acoustics market since 2017, as it has increased its productivity and automation. Apple wants to see competition between its suppliers increase to reduce the cost of acoustic components that have barely been upgraded in the last two years. We expect.
Linear motor apples launched tactile engines for iphone7 in 2016. This new technology replaced apples with old linear brakes to vibrate.
So far, the main suppliers of the current linear motors are Sioux and Japanese electricity. However, we believe that tactile masters successfully infiltrated this lucrative supply chain in 2018 and gained a small share of the market. We expect the message to be set up in 2019-sonic components (microphones in receivers/iphonex).
Linear motors in apple phones, strong anaesthetic growth is another major driver.
Airpods is one of the most popular accessories in Apple history. Airpod headphones were launched in 2016 with iphone7 at a price of $159. According to sliceintelligence, 26% of the global market share of the product was achieved within one month of its launch.
The counterpoint study estimates that apples produced 35 million airpods in 2018, a 100 per cent increase over the same period.
In March 2019, we introduced for the first time a second generation of airpods with new chips and wireless chargers. We expect apples to release a third generation of airpods with new colour selection and noise abatement by the end of 2019 or early 2020. Considering that no one will be able to do so in the next few years.
The spread of wire earphones and the low penetration rate of the airpods, 35 million shipments in 2018 and 200 million in apple phones in the same year -- we expect that the new generation of functionality will bring the annual compound growth rate of the airpod sales to 32% in 2019-2021.
In the second quarter of 2017, sophisticated information entered the assembly service supply chain and rapidly increased production and output. We believe that sophisticated information is now the main producer of the airpod. It can therefore benefit from the growing demand and efficiency of the airpod.
Wireless charging and lcp components are in fast lanes, and because wireless charging is more advanced in ease and safety than the traditional cable charging solution, we believe it will gradually replace wire charging. Three apple devices, i.e. Apple Watch, Airpod, and Apple Phone, are currently supporting wireless charging. Apple Decoration, March 2019.
But management reiterated its belief that “the future is wireless. Apples will try to drive the wireless experience forward.” A sophisticated message was made to provide wireless receiver modules for Apple phones and watches.
We expect that the increase in market share in 2019-2021 will boost the sale of the modules. We trust that the company will continue to be the future Apple Wire charged with iphonex's icp antenna.
The new lcp antenna design offers new opportunities. The LCD (lcp) antenna module is first used in iphonex to replace polyamide (pi) days in the early apple version of the mobile phone.
Lines, because the former allow higher transmission speeds. lcp is superior to pl in terms of high frequency, heat and flood resistance. Anfino was once the only assembler of the icp antenna module. Precision is used as a second source for successful access to the Apple phone antenna supply chain. We expect higher quotas in 2019-2021 to drive sophisticated sales and profits.
In 2016, it announced that it would invest 750 million yuan in “enterprise-level high-speed interconnection technology upgrades”
A year later, in 2017, it announced that it would increase its investment in research and development in Taiwan, develop aoc, and establish a new research and development centre in the United States to develop 25g high-speed cables. We believe that the communications and automobile industries will become the communications market under a 5g optical well blow-up in the long run.
We expect that, based on the strong demand for data centres and the implementation of China’s 5g network, the combined annual growth rate of revenue in the communications infrastructure connector market will reach 8.6% between 2017 and 2021, with a well-established mix of communications products targeted at a wide range of applications, including hundreds of millions of yuan. We believe that the sophisticatedness of communications as an emerging manufacturer of communications connectors will be the main beneficiary of this trend.
Optical receivers and active optic cables, tactile communications and original solutions, automobiles: higher electron content will become an electrodynamic trend.
In October 2013, it acquired suk, a German car parts and components company specializing in precision formation. This acquisition helped it infiltrate German brands, including BMW and Mercedes Benz.
(2) In 2017, a sophisticated parent company, Hong Kong Ltd., acquired the Automobile Body Control Department of the Erfu Group, which we believe will create long-term synergies in client referrals and asset cooperation.
We believe that the demand for these products will increase over the next decade, because: (1) China ' s automobile security is growing steadily, especially in electric cars; (2) the development of smart drives; and (3) the spread of car-borne information and entertainment systems. We are optimistic about the potential growth advantages of these markets, especially the automobile market.
This represents an increase of 25% over the 2016 figure of RMB 904 million.
Precision of communications - rising revenue projections for automobiles and further penetration of new apple products; (2) introduction of the Usbc port to support the need for connectivity in the computer and mobile equipment end markets; and (3) demand for electronic markets for communications and automobiles.
In general, with higher production standards and higher yields per model, apple supply chain components are much more profitable than Andre.
Components in the supply chain. Components in the communications and automobile markets are more profitable than components in the consumer electronics market because they have higher durability and quality requirements. So we expect that the well-established Māori rate will gradually increase from 20.0% in 2017 to 20.6% in 2021, thanks to the shift in the sales portfolio to apple-related components, communications, and auto parts. We expect the operating profit rate to be from that.
By the end of 2018, the company’s net debt was RMB 3.4 billion. Capital expenditure over the last two years was due to new projects launched for Apple.
We expect the company ' s net cash to reach RMB 2.8 billion by the end of 2021, which is a typical 30-120-day credit cycle for sophisticated contract clients based on sound and healthy communications. The average working days in 2016/2017.
Precision-cash cycle (sky) Precision-002475ch-financial overview