In the fourth quarter, the company achieved an operating income of three shares per 10 shareholders in the capital pool.
The market environment does not affect the growth of the company: 57.1 per cent of the company ' s sales revenue rose to $35,850 billion in 2018, and the company ' s product line layout was extended through an in- and out-of-the-life process.
In 2018, despite the undesired macro-environment, the level of output from the company’s core customers was lower than expected, but the company was able to build up its product lines and its production capacity by increasing its output over the past few years.
In an unfavourable market environment, a high rate of growth has been achieved, new products and new clients have been able to penetrate well, incomes have recovered steadily, and the cost rate has been well controlled: in 2018, the company ' s Māori rate increased by 1.0 percentage points to 21.0 per cent, and the market, by segment, has maintained a largely stable Māori rate for computers, automobiles and communications products.
Consumer electronics, as the largest revenue section of the company, recovered to normal levels after new products continued to enter steady quantitative output, leading to an increase in the overall Māori rate. In terms of cost rates, companies maintained relatively high levels of R&D inputs, while other rates remained largely stable.
The company’s improved management efficiency provided effective guarantees for its rapid growth. – Business expansion entered the harvest period in 2019, with internal outreach: a development strategy for 2019 and future operations.
On the other hand, planning continues to revolve around its strategy of “old customers, new products; old products, new customers, new markets”, the pattern of internal and external convergence will continue, and the company's product lines have now expanded from connectors to acoustics.
Parts, wireless chargers, vibrating motors, etc., with more expectations in the future in products such as fpc, antennas, etc.
Precision: The introduction of new products has led to a significant increase in medium-term performance of $566 - 632 million, the company expects the overall business to progress well and the strategic layout to be effective.
Advanced: performance promotion in the second half of the year, products: limited R & D inputs for performance growth, competitiveness of the Division in the area of consumer electronics, and product R & D and landing capacity protection in the automotive, communications and communications industries
The company’s revenue from sales rose by 57.1% to $35.85 billion in 2018 and the Māori rate stood at 21.0%, compared to 1.0 per cent in 2018.
As a percentage point, the net profit attributable to the parent company rose by 61.1% to $2.71 billion on a year-on-year basis, with a net profit of $61.0% to $0.54 per share on a year-on-year basis. The company is a manufacturer of zero-components, modular and accessories products, such as connectors, connectors, acoustics, wireless charging, motors, and antennas.
The company's sales revenue for the entire year 2018 was $35,850 million, an increase of 57.1 per cent over the same year. The companies are connected lines, connectors, acoustics, non-wire chargers, motors and antennas, manufacturers of modular and accessories products, core customers including computers, consumer electronics, connectivity, etc.
Brand manufacturers such as telecommunications equipment, automobiles, etc., have been able to grow well through years of improved industrial layout and in-house management capabilities, and in 2018 the environmental market was not ideal. The net profits of shareholders in listed companies were 2.72 billion yuan in 2018, a steady small increase in the same indicators. All major cost rates except for a small increase in the cost of research and development.
Figure 5: Operational efficiency gains over the past three years, increasing financial support for business expansion.
(ii) During the fourth quarter of 2018, when the growth of operations was ideal, the success of business expansion was remarkable. In the fourth quarter of 2018, the company achieved business income of 13.72 billion yuan, an increase of 53.7 per cent in the same year, and the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, a gain of 1.07 billion yuan, an increase of 75.3 per cent in the same year, although the overall market environment was not favourable.
Ideally, but the expansion of the company ' s product lines and the good reputations and branding effects that have accumulated over the years have allowed both income and net profits to be maintained, figure 9: operating income and growth over the past 12 quarters, figure 10: net profit and growth over the last 12 quarters
In the fourth quarter of 2018, the company ' s Māori ratio was 21.6 per cent, an increase of 4.5 percentage points in the same year, and as the product market entered a booming season, the positive rise in scale effects and effective cost control led to a significant increase in the company ' s profit level on a year-on-year basis, returning to normal levels. In terms of cost rates, the company ' s investment in R&D costs remained high, but the overall cost rate was manageable and comparable.
Sales rates, management rates (combined R & D rates), financial rates of 0.9 per cent, 8.5 per cent and 1.2 per cent, respectively, increased the consumption of electronics by companies in the product income structure in 2018, accompanied by positive rates and scale effects, and an effective growth of gross interest rates, as well as a robust growth in the scale of other business sectors, including the interconnected products of automobiles and communications.
Field distribution suggests that firms are gaining expansion in size mainly in overseas markets, while the domestic market remains stable. (i) Consumer electronics are expanding rapidly, automobile communications are advancing steadily. Product distribution in 2018, with revenues from consumer electronics-related operations rising at 76.5 per cent, compared to 76.5 per cent, in the corporate product category.
Over the past few years, companies have grown effectively at the end of their clients, not only in the traditional domain of connectors, but also in the different end categories of acoustic components, motors, and wirelessly charged products. Moreover, automobile income has also grown at a rate of 52.8%, the pace of growth has increased further, and the company’s main business distribution has expanded steadily.
With regard to the product breakdown of Māori, the main products have remained largely stable, with changes in computers, automobiles and communications at 0.5 (ii) overseas markets growing significantly, and a return to profitability, which, according to the distribution of company operations, grew by 65.3 per cent in 2018, with an income share of 89.3 per cent.
Significantly higher than domestic markets, the expansion of company products and customers was concentrated in front-line global producers, indicating a further increase in the level of competition in the company’s market. With regard to Maori, the overseas market also registered a 1.5 percentage point increase in income, despite a significant increase in income.
(iii) Future development strategies and business plans: expansion of new markets for new products, both endogenous and external
(c) Communications: extension of base station antennas, filters and data centres
Business penetration; 3) Automobiles: integration of wire beams, connectors, electronic modules, embedding functionality capabilities, seeking breakthroughs in the entire garage and Tier 1 clients. Capital expenditure: new products and markets still require financial support, but capital expenditure will be controlled through ad hoc controls, and
An effective analysis and validation of the return on investment is done. Hundreds of millions of dollars, compared to 333 million dollars in the same period last year. The overall business is going well and the strategic layout is working well during the corporate disclosure period.
We continue to be relatively optimistic about the sector markets, where the competitiveness of companies has been further enhanced, and where income growth in communications and consumer markets has been largely due to the expansion of products from core brand manufacturers: 1) steady output and share of smartphone products, falling prices for traditional products and maintaining new products; 2) overall availability of equipment products
The volume level has risen significantly, and the share of the company’s zero-components has remained largely stable with prices. The telecommunications and auto-electronics markets, driven by demand for 5 g and car intelligence, are expected to keep their income levels growing rapidly, and will gradually grow.
With regard to Māori, we believe that the main product is entering a relatively smooth growth process, that the performance and success of the product have been largely completed, that the overall Māori rate is likely to remain stable, that the Māori rate of the main product line is stable, that there are moderate fluctuations, and that changes in the Māori rate combined are mainly influenced by the structure of the product.
In terms of costs, companies will continue to invest effectively in product R & D, but as the scale of operations expands, the cost of R & D inputs will decline, while other cost rates are already in a lower position and are expected to remain stable. Companies will still need to invest in capital spending on new products and markets, but the overall scale of spending is expected to increase.
Declines and the layout of the main product lines have been largely developed and will in the future be a process of realization and output. Core customers’ consumption of electronic terminal products is less than expected; Core customers in the communications market are not expanding as expected;
(b) A summary of financial statement forecasts and valuation data