E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-S-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E.
• Horizontal expansion of the whole industrial chain: parts and components, modules, whole machines. The consumer electronics industry has started to integrate parts up and down the industrial chain, the antenna module from the 5g antenna to the radio frequency line, the wireless recharge receiving end module, the launch end from the loop to the module, the acoustics from the receiving end and the launch end module to the airboards.
The auto industry has also been active in other areas, starting with the connector. The application area has expanded horizontally: consumer electronics-communications-cars. The consumer electronics industry connectors have continued to gain advantage.
In the area of communications, telecommunications links have been growing at a high rate of more than 30% in recent years.
• The core logic of borderless expansion: no new products, only new processes.
Entering the industry, copying successful experiences, and making the product extreme. The core of manufacturing efficiency is precision, increasing companies' investment in machine visual positioning, dismantling every process, so that processing becomes simple regardless of the physical, chemical or optical processes that take place at this node.
• The core concept of corporate development: win-win drivers of development. The company's English name, Luxshare, means “wealth-sharing”, and the company's order from Tolfuscon was constantly expanding its product categories, extending its industry, and then the first customer of every new product of the department was a big North American customer, and the company was positioned by its own precision, smt.
The advantages of manufacturing processes, while helping clients to achieve product excellence, are recognized once by the customer as a share of circulation (billion shares) and are mutually reinforcing and growing.
Profit predictions and investment proposals. We look at the corporate management team’s sense of purpose, culture, and inclusiveness. Our sub-industry is becoming more mature, more concentrated, companies are leading the consumer electronics industry, and we are active in the area of 5g communications and smart driving, and we should have a higher valuation premium.
This led to a reduction in the number of orders or to the outward movement of the industrial chain.1 There are no new products, there are only new programs, there is an all-round development of the “mechanical sound” which was set up on 24 May 2004 and was successfully launched on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 15 September 2010.
It's on the market, with a 50% annual compound growth rate in business income. It's always been technology-oriented, it's a combination of product development, development and applications, and it's moving from traditional manufacturing to intelligent manufacturing, and it's going to become sophisticated in the electronics industry in the country. In recent years, companies have moved from traditional connectors to sophisticated manufacturing, gradually extending to sophisticated interconnection technologies.
In sophisticated manufacturing areas such as electroacoustic, optical, and so on, “mechanical sound” has developed in all its dimensions, becoming a pioneer and a pioneer in the world's business, and as a Chinese and global leader in consumer electronics, the nature of the moated river lies in the powerful growth dynamics provided by the wheels, and the business expansion path is in line with the bottom calculation of the flying wheel model. (1) Bottom-line flying wheels, mainly in the connector industry.
The core is to improve client satisfaction with “smart intelligence”. (2) second-tier flying wheels, mainly in consumer electronics, are to extend the industrial chain layout by “parts and components manufacturing.” (3) third-tier flying wheels, mainly in smart hardware, are to integrate modules with very strong process-based capabilities. (4) fourth-tier flying wheels, mainly in 5g communications, are to be found at the core.
(v) Flying wheels on the fifth floor, mainly automobile electronics, with an active layout of the entire industry chain at its core.Figure 2: well-developed fly-wheel models, wire assembly, connectors, power lines, antennas, soft-row lines, soft circuit boards, precision hardware.
The company has established long-standing partnerships with a number of well-known brand manufacturers, both at home and abroad, such as apples, consummation, Huayuan, Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Microsoft, Google, Wave, Nissan, Bo, Amazon, Belkin, etc.
The company has 78,000 employees in five countries, and has offices, manufacturing bases, and research and development centres, both inside and outside China. Its headquarters are located in Dong Xing City, Guangdong Province, China, and its manufacturing bases are located mainly in Guangdong, Jiangxi, Jiangsu, An Qi, Zhejiang, Shanxi, Hebei, Sichuan, Taiwan, etc., and its overseas locations are located mainly in Germany, Viet Nam, and in Guangdong Dong Xing, Jiang Sukunshan,
There are R & D centres in Taiwan and the United States. 1.1 Inner growth, combined with extended M & As, expands the boundaries of consumer e-business capabilities.
At present, in the domestic and domestic markets, sophisticated communications are ranked first in the market share of connectors. Since its establishment in 2004, companies have established numerous subsidiaries, both at home and abroad, and have consolidated their leadership in the connector field.
Vertical coverage of consumer electronic precision manufacturing is now available. Figure 4: Precision history, while firms build platform-type enterprises through horizontal expansion and vertical integration through M&As.
From 2007 to 2009, the company’s top client, Fuxcom, was supplied downstream by substitute factories, such as Fuxcom, for the production of computer connectors.
From 2010 to 2014, the company improved its downstream customer resources through the acquisition of advantages in the area of enhanced connectivity, and became a vertically integrated layout of the industrial chain. Companies that acquired a series of connection devices, such as Bo-Technology, Kotsu-Technology, Shenzhen-Korton, Dong-Tyung-Ty-Tym-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Tyy-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-T-T-T-Ty-T-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T
The company perfected cable production upstream of the connector, obtained high-pressure ac plug-in certification. And cut into the supply chain of Sonyps4, xbox; cut into the chain of the apple industry through the acquisition of electron, and extended the industry to communications, automobiles, etc.; cut into the Chinese, Emerson and medical markets through the acquisition of Colton; and cut into the company through the acquisition of the source optics.
The company’s transformation into the Apple chain since 2013 has led to the development of consumer electron precision capabilities based on precision connections and extension to traditional automobile and communications operations through the ability of sophisticated manufacturing platforms.
Through in vitro extension, the In vitro Purchasing Portfolio Industries listed companies luminous cmcm, which cut into the camera model industry; and the In vitro Acquisition of the Enterprise for the Physical Control System of the Cervetrw, which has been working with Euro-American companies such as Ford and General for many years to develop in synergy with the company's future.
The company's annual 2018 report shows that the top 10 shareholders in the company held 62.5% of the total, showing a relatively concentrated position.
The co-actors and the first shareholders, the actual controllers, have absolute control over the management of the company and the corresponding words, Ms. Wang Saichun, who is currently the well-known chairman and general manager of the company. For almost 10 years since 1988, the Fuscon Department of Trade and Industry of Honghai, Taiwan, left Fuscon to start its own business. Mr. Wang, who is the current Vice-President of the company, has also served as coordinator.
President of Telecommunications (Gian) Ltd., and Chairman of Syndicate Industries (Hin Shenzhen) Ltd. In 1999, Mr. Wang and Ms. Wang Yae-chun bought shares in CITL: In 2004, a firm-up operation was set up through CITL’s investment.
Ms. Wang Lichun brought his management experience to the stand, insisted on standardized and automated production, and strictly controlled production. At the same time, the company focused on the integration of upstream and downstream industrial chains, vertical integration and horizontalization through acquisitions.
Outreach, intended to be the leading global provider of the full-scale connectivity programme, to achieve one-stop service. 1.3 From the connector to the “mechanical sound” to build platform-type enterprises. Corporate product categories can be divided into three broad categories: consumer electronics, business class, and automobiles, and medical products.
Sub-products include connection lines, connectors, antennas, audio switchboards, wireless headphones, wireless chargers, acoustics, linear motors, etc.: in enterprise-level products, production includes connection lines and connectors, base station antennas, filters, etc.; in automobiles and medical products, the company supplies car beams, connectors and connectors and new energy vehicle components, etc.
Figure 6: Establishment of sophisticated major product layouts. In recent years, companies have moved from traditional connections to sophisticated manufacturing operations, consolidating their market advantage in computers and their surroundings, consumer electronic domain, while further expanding their operations and markets in the areas of automobiles, communications, etc., with the full range of “mechanical and electrical sound”
The financial management system continues to be optimized, process re-engineering is more efficient, the business of the company is diversified, revenue and net profits are growing exponentially, at a rate of 65.9 per cent in 2017 and 57.1 per cent in 2018.
The company’s products are concentrated in the four areas of consumer electronics, computers, cars, and communications. Of this, consumer electronics business is the company’s 26,811 million yuan, an increase of 76.5 per cent, or 74.8 per cent of the total revenue.
The company's second largest business, computer-connected products and sophisticated components, accounted for 10.4 per cent of the total revenue in 2018 and generated 1.73 billion yuan, an increase of 52.8 per cent.
Over the last five years, the robust Maori growth rate has steadily increased, with the overall Maori rate stable at over 20%, with slight fluctuations due to the relatively high level of investment in new products, advanced development of new projects.
In 2018, Māori companies had been relatively stable with profit margins, and asset turnover had remained stable over the past five years. Net interest rates on corporate sales had generally been favourable, with the company increasing its concentration of large clients and a growing number of customer product lines, with stock turnover at 6-7 per cent.
2.3 In keeping with the big customer strategy, client concentration is constantly increasing, leading technical skills and good quality assurance are building up a good brand image and reputation within the company.
After years of deep-seated farming, companies have established strong partnerships with a number of internationally leading brand manufacturers in the fields of consumer electronics, communications and automobiles, including a,h,hp,dell, Microsoft, Google, amazon, wave, Japanese, Bo, etc.
In 2017, 60.5%, and in 2018 it rose to 68.4%, the company has always adhered to its big-client strategy, and client concentration has been increasing. Long-term, deep cooperation has evolved in a sense of tacit understanding and trust on both the supply side and the demand side, from which companies have gained a good large-client demonstration effect, laying a solid foundation for a company’s multi-dimensional business expansion.
At the same time, firm performance in manufacturing, product R & D, and internal management is increasing. 2.4 Pre-vision, with emphasis on innovation in technology R & D. Since its listing, companies have maintained technology at its core, invested in and innovated in R & D technologies, and worked to innovate traditional systems.
As the industry’s leading technology-based manufacturing enterprise, the company’s full technological strength is reflected mainly in R & D design, programming optimization, and scale production. Moreover, the rapid and efficient output of services from R & D centres, sales teams, and production bases around future markets and major customer layouts is strongly guaranteed.
The number of R & D personnel has increased from 1685 in 2014 to 7263 in 2018, and the number of R & D personnel has risen from nearly 10% each year. The amount of R & D investment by companies has increased year after year, and is at the top of the industry. Over the last three years, the company has invested $4.99 billion in R & D.
The share of R & D inputs in operating income continues to rise, supported by large clients. In 2018, the company’s R & D costs reinforced the corporate industry’s leadership and position and provided a solid basis for its future rapid growth. In 2018, the company submitted 244 new patents and 238 patents.
Core technology and intellectual property rights, patents on inventions, new and practical patents and designs, more than a thousand patents, fully satisfy customer-defined 3 from parts to modules to whole machines, accelerated process capacity, and, in the consumer electronics sector, sophisticated integration of the upstream and downstream industrial chains of spare parts, constantly expanding.
tvpe-c, antennae, wireless chargers, developed into smart watches, wireless headphones, cementing consumer electronics. At the same time, tvpe-c, tvpe-c, tv-c, tv-c, wi-c, tv-c, tv-c., tv-c, tv-c., tv., tv-c., tv., tv-c., tv., tv., tv.c., tv., tv.c., tv., tv., tv.c., tv., tv.c., tv., tv.c., tv., tv.c., tv., tv., tv.c., tv., tv., tv.c., t., t., t., t., t., tv., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t., t.,
The cost estimate of iphonexmax and the supplier list, according to the His report, if software, marketing, R & D costs are not taken into account, is about $390 (direct materials + manufacturing costs).
A connector is a medium that connects two or more objects to one piece, such as a plug, a plug, an end, and so on. A mobile phone, a cell phone, is an important electronic device in a cell phone, whose good or badness is directly related to the quality of the cell phone and the reliability of its use. Its main components in a cell phone are: a thin film key, a mini-button switch, a slide switch, a cell phone's internal antenna, pda
Rf connectors, spring connectors, earwire plugs, charge plugs, rectangular connectors, cable attached to a mobile phone with plug plug plugs, interfaces, etc.
The types of connectors used on mobile phones vary slightly according to their product, with an average usage of around 20, and the product categories can be divided into internal fpc connectors and plate-to-board connectors, external i/o connectors, batteries, sim card connectors and cameraskets.
Connectors have a wide range of applications, with the main downstream applications being automobiles, communications, consumer electronics, and industry accounting for 71% of the total. According to Bishop&associates, the top four applications of connectors are automobiles (23%), communications (21%), consumer electronics (15%), industry (12%), which together account for 71% of the market share, followed by transport.
Transport, military aviation, etc... An average car requires a connection of about tens of dollars; the desktop connection market is mostly divided by major international companies; a laptop computer uses about 35-45 connectors; a cell phone connector used more than $20 billion in China in 2018; and Fuxcon, the top ten in the world.
Global connection sales reached $60.12 billion in 2017, an increase of 11.0 per cent in the same year; Global connection sales reached $66.84 billion in 2018, an increase of 11.2 per cent in the same year.
In the area of computer connectors, communications are mainly about desktop and laptop connector products and are focused on producing high-value inter-computer connectors.
In the area of car connectors, the company supplied Delford with bulk car connectors to bring company products into the internationally recognized automobile brand market. In the area of communications connectors, the company acquired qualified suppliers for communication, and in the area of connectors, Fuscon was the company's largest customer, adding new North America with customer satisfaction.
As tvpe-c spreads, companies have in recent years cut into tvpe-c module manufacturing, marking the company's movement from parts and components to modules. The tv-c-related products are technologically advanced, the product is prioritized by the association's connection authentication and connection certification, and the company has taken the lead in importing type-c connectors, connectors and converters to the world's first type-c.
In 2018, an announcement was issued to raise funds for the “usbtype-c connector module extension project.” The future penetration of type-c will benefit the company’s depth.
First, it is generic and can be inserted in both directions. Moreover, its rated durability has increased to 10,000 plugs, raising it by more than 80%. Thirdly, type-c has higher transmission speeds, with a total transmission capacity of 20 gbps. According to the company announcement, the user-c connector and related connection line products were released for the first time in April 2014.
The upgrade product under the usb3.1 standard, the type-c interface, which simultaneously achieves high current fast charge, data high speed transmission, full compatibility of the utunseb, hdmi and vga interfaces, has been applied to multiple flagship products, including new macbooks for apples, superphones, brand-new flash disk products from Sandisk, and so on, in the short period of one year since the launch.
Keeping a single type-c interface design on Macbook has led to a broader market perception of the strong performance and high functional integration of the type-c interface. The demand of type-c increases across the board and will continue to penetrate.
Smart cellular output will continue to grow. At the same time, high-tech barriers drive a significant increase in theasp. The type-c connector and related connection line products are being produced with higher technical barriers.
The main manufacturing process for the tactile connector product is smt, which provides a solid foundation for modulation and modification. smt is a surface assembly technology that replaces traditional manual welding, product batch quantification, and production automation, which is currently electronic.
A technology and process that is most popular in the assembly industry. It welds a table (smc/smd) containing a matrix of no or short fuses or balls, on the surface of a printed circuit board (pcb) or on the surface of another base plate, and welds it by reflux or leaching.
Electronics seek to miniaturize, and previously used puncture plug-in components cannot be reduced. Electronics are more complete, integrated circuits are no more perforated, and surface patches are used. Smt patches are processed with high assembly density, small size and light weight of electronics, and the pieces have only about 1/10 of traditional plug-in components in size and weight.
After smt, the volume of electronics is reduced by 40 to 60 per cent and weight by 60 to 80 per cent. High reliability, high vibration resistance, low welding point defects, good high frequency characteristics, reduced electromagnetic and radio frequency interference. It is easier to automate and improve production efficiency. Low cost 30 to 50 per cent.
The smt technical process consists mainly of three major components: tin cream printing, device fitting, and reflow welding. The tin ointment printing is the leaking of tin cream onto the pcb welding plate. The device posting mainly achieves the fitting of the widgets to the required position. The reflux welding is mainly a decryption pre-printing welding on the pcb welding plate, resulting in electrical formation between the surface assembly element tip and the pcb welding plate.
Smt technology, the main equipment required is printing machines, stickers, and reflux furnaces, which form the smt production line. The development, production, and production experience of the connectors have enabled the procession of pressing, molding, electroplating, and so on.
. Second, the mode used for impulse pressure is known as the modifier, short-forming. The modifier is a special tool to process the bulk of the material into the required cipher. The accuracy and structure of the module directly influence the shape and accuracy of the cipher. The standard of the modulus, the modulus, the guidance device.
The process of plating other metals or alloys on the surface of certain metals using electrolysis is:
Using electrolysis, the process of attaching the surfaces of metal or other material productions to a layer of metal membrane is used to prevent metal oxidation, increase grindability, conductivity, reflectivity, corrosion resistance and improvement of beauty.
With the advent of xsmax, sales prices will rise to $999 and above, while the structure of product sales will show a clear high match. The level of ipone's asp will increase significantly. The pull effect on the industrial chain will be evident.
The product structure of iPhones is clearly high, with a marked increase in the share of new poster and plus models, and a new cycle of upgrades officially launched. Meanwhile, the volume of Macbook sales, after a slight decline, will gradually improve, and the volume of single machine values will be on the rise, with the expected volume of Macbook sales reaching 190 million by 2021.
By 2021, the market space for connector operations is expected to exceed $3 billion. The strong are always strong, and the global market for connectors is tending to centralize, creating a preponderant monopoly.
Europe, North America, and Japan are among the leading markets for global connectors. According to trends over the last three decades, the market share of the top ten global connectors industry grew from 41.1 per cent in 1990 to 57.7 per cent in 2015, along with advances in technology, all sectors of the global economy are showing a growing technological content, with overall demand for connectors moving in the direction of higher technology levels.
In 2018, United States connector manufacturers teconceptivity, apphenol, molexincorporated, delphi connectionsystems continued to have their top four market shares.
First, the market share is 3 per cent, the only one entering the top 10 in China. 3.2 Softboard: a win-win acquisition of Pearl Sea, a power to inject circuitboard processes, flexible printing circuit boards as global telecommunications computers develop rapidly, and trends in light, thin, short and small end applications.
fpc (flexibleprintedcircuit) flexible printed circuit boards, short-formed, with polyamide or polyester film as the basis for circuit insulation, made of flexible plastic film, bronze beads and reagents, are combed together and are highly reliable.
The fpc is characterized by high line density, light weight, thin thickness, and bending. After the 1960’s, fpc products, driven by their own technology and light trends in end-products, were widely used in various fields such as consumer electronics, automobiles, industrial controls, medical care, instrument instrumentation, etc., and became one of the most important components in electronics.
The technical process level is expressed in three ways: fine puncture processing technology, micrometeor-class cabling technology, and fpc lamination technology. One-sided flexible circuits are the subject of a layer of conductor polymers made of metal or metal fillings, combined with the base plate, which can only be assembled by a single face and connected by welding elements to the other end by a conductor hole.
A single-sided flexible circuit board may be protected by a covering film or omitted from the protective outer layer, but it is not common to use a cover film to protect the outer line. A two-sided flexible circuit board has two conductor layers. Such a board can create a puncture or omit this step.
But the most common use is now the protection layer on both sides. Multilayers of flexible circuit boards are made up of three layers or more of the conductor layer. Usually, these layers are connected by electroplating perforation, which allows the use of lower circuit functions throughout the manufacturing process.
Combining together, it avoids exposure to large-area puncture segments during the condensing process. The newly combined circuit boards are mixed structures of flexible circuit boards, made of rigid and soft base panels, and generally the layers of the new puncture boards use the puncture to make electrical connections, usually combining circuit boards into multiple layers of structures.
In recent years, the rapid upgrading of downstream electronics has contributed to the rapid growth of the fpc sector. Global fpc market demand was $12.52 billion in 2018, and the global fpc market is expected to reach $14.88 billion in 2020, with a composite growth rate of 6%.
This manufacture, of which China’s mainland share is 55.8%; but at the technical level, the world’s top fpc manufacturing firms are mainly located in Japan, Taiwan, and South Korea. In recent years, the concentration of the .fpc industry has been increasing.
According to the announcement, in September 2012, China acquired 100% win-win shares at a premium of 120 million yuan, and since then it has been increasing its capital. The company acquired flexible printed circuit boards to be incorporated into the industrial map, integrated across the pc and mobile industries, and optimized the product structure in the context of future market growth dynamics and demand.
This year, it was one of the main suppliers of fpc (soft circuit boards) to the country ' s mobile phone industry, mainly in the production and sale of flexible circuit boards, electronic components and spare parts.
The project's products consist mainly of surface processing of sophisticated piece products in the production of fpc, which, in September 2018, was designed to transfer 51% of the win-win shares of the fully-owned subsidiary, Chuhai, at a cost of 290 million yuan, to Xuanyangyang Yue.
A small number of product types in the country, covering rigid circuit boards, flexible circuit boards and metal-based circuit boards, offer a variety of product choices and one-stop service to customers, and the products are widely used in the communications, computer and network equipment, consumer electronics, car electronics, industrial controls, etc.
The company now has the best talent and technology in the fpc field, and will benefit from the upward trend of the 5g-era end-equipment antenna.
3.3 Antenna: Cuts into an incremental operation of the lcp radio frequency connection line to meet the 5g high frequency age antenna as a device that converts energy from high-frequency currents or wave-guiding methods into an electromagnetic wave and sends it in the direction of the rule or returns an electromagnetic wave from a given direction to a high-frequency current.
3g, 4g, etc. The lower the frequency, the larger the size. The millimetre wave, by definition, has a wavelength scale of 10 mm, calculated by a quarter of the wave length, and about 2.5 mm dots, which is the formation of arrays with a regular spacing.
The usual phone antenna test is the microwave chamber. The microwave chamber is also called the reflective chamber, the soaking chamber. The microwave chamber is a special room for polyurethane sponges and metal shieldes, which refers to conditions of “free space” for human space. Radiocommunication products such as antennas, radars, and electronics can be tested in the dark room.
To improve the accuracy and efficiency of the tests of the measured equipment, free from the combined waves. The dark room is the test equipment that the antenna design company needs to build, because the tests for the cell phone antenna are more precise and comparable to the system, and the test indicators can be used to measure the performance of a cell phone antenna, but it is expensive, usually more than a million, and not for the normal cell phone design and development company.
The 4g cell phone antenna production process developed from the original ballistic antenna to fpc antennas, lds antennas. The 4g antenna is typically laid on the upper end and side of the cell phone, and most of it now uses lds (a manufacturing process for stereo circuits, selective sediment metal processes for lasers on 3d caps of plastic) and fpc (soft circuit boards) to match the side metal border to achieve the end antenna function.
Blast antennas, i.e. metal-based antennas, are suitable for single- and double-band applications and provide the original equipment manufacturer with a low-cost and high-duration manufacturing solution with multiple standards or custom antenna designs. The stress technique is a proven solution with several advantages: the lowest cost, integrated contact elements connected to the surface, supports.
The fpc antenna, the fpc softboard antenna, is connected by feed lines, is installed freely, and can be increased, usually by the use of back glue on the machine's non-metal shell, which is suitable for customer terminal equipment products with high performance requirements and sufficient shell space.
The fpc is the ideal option for multi-band antennas, which basically allow any wireless product to work at different frequencies without multiple antennas. The fpc antenna provides the original equipment manufacturer with a low-cost and high-duration manufacturing solution that contains a variety of standards or custom-made antenna designs. The fpc antenna meets the needs of various wireless applications and offers multiple advantages:
Tool investment costs are low, flexible to cope with changes in patterns in production processes and the shortest delivery time for tool construction. The Ids antenna is an evolutionary version of the fpc antenna. lds (laserdirectstructuring) is a direct laser-forming technology whose rationale is electrical interconnection, widget support and plastic shell support, protective functions, and a mechanical entity and conductive graphics.
The combination of shielding, antennas, etc., gives ordinary plastic components, circuit boards, and 3d-mid production techniques that are specialized in laser processing, ejection and plating. lds technology can shoot the antenna directly into the outer shell of a mobile phone, avoiding in-house hand or metal interference, making the cell phone more sophisticated. In addition to the cell phone antenna, Ids technology is widely applied to auto electrons, medicine.
Figure 32: The main steps of the Ids process are to project formation on thermoplastic plastics in metal plastics used only as electrodes.
To activate the laser beam, add special features, install the finished product to the product, plating the rubber surface for 5-8 metres.
The radonic activity of the chemical agent causes the object to be produced, if necessary sprayed on the electrical circuit, the circuits, such as copper, nickel, etc.
The physicochemical reaction is made into a metal core and shaped to get a good look.
A rough surface, where copper takes root on plastics in the process of metallicization.
Figure. The technology applies to three-dimensional surfaces, with a wider design space, but with a higher cost of fpc, and requires plating and specific material. The available lds antenna products cover mobile application terminals, smart watches, and sensor applications, with a high degree of flexibility in design: making the product smaller by creating antenna structures on the case: they apply to large quantities of applications and saves costs.
Proximity of characteristics gives a place in the lds antenna. pc (polycarbonate) • A high degree of design flexibility.
cu=8+/-2\mum • The product can be made smaller by creating an antenna structure on the case. n=3+/-1 um
• There is no need for expensive tools to be replaced to facilitate rapid changes in the antenna layout. (au > 0.05um option) The resins can include popular pc, pc/abs, abs.
• Especially for large-scale applications, which can save costs. 5g (fifth generation mobile communication technology) is an extension of 4g, unlike 4g, 3g, 2g, 5g is not a single wireless access technology, nor are there several new wireless access technologies, but a variety of new wireless access technologies and existing wireless systems
The integration of access technology (4g back-to-back) is called solutions. To some extent, 5g is a genuinely meant integration network, a mobile communication technology with a transmission rate of up to 10 gbps. 5g offers better development opportunities for mobile radio frequency devices, increased frequency bands and the application of wave polymeric technology, leading to strong radio frequency filters and power amplifiers.
Growth, a doubling of single machine usage, major innovations in cellular antennas, and a significant increase in single machine value are expected. Currently, more soft panel foundations are used in mobile antennas, mainly pi (polyamide), but because of the unique properties of the pi-bases, they are less structured and more depleted in high-frequency transmissions, and are no longer able to adapt to the current high levels of wireless communication.
A high-speed frequency trend, with significant disadvantages in millimetre wave applications. Apple introduced an icp-based antenna module in iphone 8/8p in 2017 and applied two icp antennas on iphonex for the first time to improve the various properties of cellular antennas to adapt to high-frequency high-speed trends and reduce space occupancy.
lcp-Liquid Crystal Polymer is a new type of high-performance, engineering plastic developed in the early 1980s, aromatic polyester products made up of rigid molecular chains with very high physical strength and crystallization, liquid fluid mobility and crystaly heterogeneity under certain physical conditions, i.e.,
Liquid crystals have special properties. The Icp product can stretch and bend a variety of thermal plastics that have developed over 10 years, and plastics are called super-engineering plastics. The lcp film has good high intensity, rigidity, high temperature, electro-insulation, etc.
The raw material manufacturers above the lcp industrial chain mainly supply lcp resins, synthetic lcp particles and fccll-based fccl made by the lcp film manufacturer; medium-swidth lcp radio frequency and structure designers tie to lcp radio frequency.
The design is designed to enable flexible panel manufacturers, using fccl, other materials and production equipment, to complete the process under their process techniques: downstream module manufacturers to design the module in accordance with the requirements of the terminal customers and to further refine the lcp multi-storey flexible sheet into a module with certain functional characteristics; and eventually to enter the terminal application market.
With the rise of the 5g high frequency (HF) high-speed application trend, the excellent properties of lcp have made it possible to replace pi as a new soft-boarding material with the potential to become a 5g terminal antenna mainstream material. As the ideal 5g-era base, lcp is much more difficult to design and produce than the general base material, addressing mainly 5g high-frequency high-speed, full screens of mobile phones, and matching.
The trend towards integration of the antenna to the front end of the radio frequency has limited the number of plants downstream of the lcp. The technical difficulty of the lcp soft-board antenna process has limited the entry of many of the manufacturers.
Itcc (multi-layered circuit-based) process is an abbreviation of low-temperature co-burning ceramics. High-purity ceramics used by industry are also referred to as “fine ceramics”. In fine ceramics, ltcc is classified as electronic ceramics used as electronic materials.
At least 1500°C temperatures burn. Because they burn at high temperatures, circuit electrodes are made of fire-resistant metals (e.g. tungsten or molybdenum). With the use of high-frequency communication signals, the delay in signal transmission caused by the high resistance of these metals becomes significant, prompting the development of ceramic circuit boards using low-power-resistance metals.
The preferred way for future electronic component integration, modularization and wider applications in the areas of consumer electronics, military, aerospace, automobiles, computers, and medical care. The majority of ltcc manufacturers are foreign-owned enterprises, including the Japanese Murata, the kyocera, the tdk and the Sun (taiyoyuden), the United States of America ctscorp, and Europe.
The ltcc process of Bertbo Ltd., C-Maccmicrotechnology and screp-erulec village (murata) combines glass components with aluminium oxide ceramics, so that the burning temperature is not exceeding about 900°C, which enables low-resistible metals (e.g. silver or copper) to be used in the interior.
The ltcc circuit board material consists of the lfc series, which is well known in the automobile industry, and the awg series, which is mainly used for communication applications. The lfc series provides extremely flat modules, as it uses a system with a stable barrier printing system, as well as pressurized burning methods. And the awg series provides compact modules for built-in sensors and capacitors, based on village field production.
Advanced electronic component material technology has reduced the height and other functions resulting from the use of thin-coated tape. Both series are based on a unique panel system produced by the village field to provide customers with circuit boards best suited to their particular applications.
Field changes are being promoted and increasingly the use of the ltcc multi-layer circuit board is also being used as a non-grade variable at-speed transformer.
The ltcc multi-storey circuit boards of small and reliable communications modules in very small devices are being used as effective solutions.
In tcu (ATM control unit) of the electron integrated control module for these transfer applications.
In recent years, the ltcc multi-storey circuit boards have also been used as abbs (capture-resistant brakes) and as ps (electrically turned) systems.
The control model for esc is becoming more and more light. The plates, they affect the safety of cars.
Career is one of the top manufacturers of the world's ten flexible print circuits (fpc) that produce products for various applications, including mobile phones, touch screens, tablets, tablet monitors, laptop computers, gps, autotronics and others.
The market for medical devices is broken down, and the global market is expanded with broad market prospects and positive expansion plans. The consortium is rich, dedicated engineering and production teams have developed advanced technology, constantly improving manufacturing productivity, providing excellent quality to clients, real-time business services, and comprehensive fpc and smt solutions.
The fpc process for the lcp base is more mature and a small number of suppliers in the industry can stabilize the product. The first sequence of the fpc process is the initials, making the required work sizes of the original large-area material to improve the material 's profitability.
Rate. Then, to meet the needs of the product follow-up process, holes for different uses are drilled on circuit boards, such as positionholes, guides, punctures, etc., in order to allow the next process to proceed. Then copper is plated on the surface of the copper base material and on the perforated wall to guide the copper base material. And, after cleaning, the material is tied to dry film as an etching retardant. After exposure, visualization, etching, extracting the line, letting the line.
Roads are exposed, copper layers are exposed, and the line board surfaces match the client’s needs with a protective film. The glue melts with heat pressure, fills the gap between the line, and plats the gold in different forms of electroplating or chemical plating at the point where the bronze is exposed according to the customer’s specified needs.
The antenna is at the core of the high-frequency high-speed application scenario, and the future penetration rate of the icp antenna is expected to increase continuously. Since 2018, iphone has used all of the icp material. Currently, iphone7's stand-alone pi antenna value (asp) is only $0.4, iphonex
The price of the lcp antenna (asp) is about US$ 4-5 and the value of the lcp antenna is nearly 20 times the value of the traditional pi-based fpc antenna. It is estimated that the annual market space for the iphonelcp antenna in 2019 will be over US$ 2 billion, with growth rates in figure 38: iphonex in the lcp antenna
During the last two years, Apple's use of the lcp antenna has led to a number of growth in the performance of suppliers of supply chains, but mpi (modified-pi, modifiedpi, and performance in pi and lcp) materials are expected to become one of the 5g medium-frequency antenna options. The lcp antenna is theoretically high-frequency wireless.
Transport advantages, but production problems have led to the use of the icp antenna, which in some cases has restricted wireless 3.4 wireless charging of the new type of iphone: the scene is gradually falling and the power of the receiving end launcher phase-out is derived from radio-transmission technology, which can be divided into small-power wireless charging and large-power wireless charging.
. Small power wireless charge is often electromagnetic sensors, such as qi for cellular charge. Large power wireless charge is often wi-coupled, with electrical equipment transferring energy to a device that uses the energy received to charge a battery and is used for its own operation. Because chargers and electrical devices transmit energy in the magnetic field, no wire connection is used between the two.
So both electrical chargers and electrical chargers can be exposed to unconducted connections. The prevailing wireless charge standards are five: the qi standard, the powermastersalliance standard, the allianceforwireless power standard, the inpofi technology, and the w-po technology.
Wireless charging technology terminals are divided into launch end and receiving end. The launch end is typically made directly by decoupling, including chips, oscillators, power amplifiers, coils, pcb, passive devices, electrostatic transformers, structures, etc., apart from being well ciphered, domestic companies such as Bender, Concord electronics, etc., have a productive capacity: the receiving coil is usually directly etched on fpc, and the receiving coils are usually engraved on fpc.
A growing number of smart phones are carrying wireless chargers, and external launch end demand is expected to increase. According to ihs, the global wireless charge market will increase from $3.4 billion in 2016 to $14 billion in 2022.
Uranium, from 7% to more than 60% penetration. It is expected that by 2021, 500 million launches will have been made and more than 1 billion will have been received. In the future, wireless charging applications will be extended to other smart devices, and penetration rates will break out. Wireless charging modules will consist mainly of chips, coils, magnetic materials.
(a) Magnetic chargers, including the outer shell, the launch end pcba board, the wireless circuit and a complex number of magnets; the launch end pcba and the wireless ring are set inside the outer shell and the wireless circuit is connected to the launch end pcba board;
The opposite is true for the magnets of the Antarctic and the Arctic. Users simply need to suck the bottom of their watch against the bottom of their charger, so that there is no data interface on their watch. Meanwhile, in order to save the ugly charging hole and reduce the chances of entering water or dust, wireless charging becomes basically a label for wearing the equipment.
The current wireless charge receiving end provided by sophisticated telecommunications is a spin-by-wire technology programme with higher power and a significant competitive advantage in terms of the size and size of the items that need to be worn. Proximity can provide wireless charge according to client demand. Customized products, integrated solutions, production-related equipment packages and system-wide testing.
Figure 44: Internal construction of the wireless charger module, Figure 45: Chart of the bypass scheme
Both the receiving end and the launch end are equipped with recharge loops, the receiving end needs to consider volume requirements, and the launch end has more to do with power and radiation. The receiving end is in both copper wiring and fpc, where the fpc thickness is small and relatively thinner, but power is low and copper wiring programme products are thicker, but high power and charge efficiency are higher.
wpc coil fpc coil mqprf coil
In terms of prices, the receiving end-circle costs between $3 and $5, while the launch end reaches several times the receiving end, with a price around $10 due to higher power, integrated chips, and shell. Because of the increasing maturity of technology, the launch end and the receiving end-circle are around $12 a year, and the receiving end has fallen from $4 in 2016 to $3.6 a year in 2018.
In the first quarter of 2019, Apple’s smart watch applewatch sales performance continued to be global. As the market for apple watch grew, the demand for its receiving end-of-end devices increased, reaching nearly $600 million in 2018.
It is expected to break out of $600 million in 2019. In addition, sophisticated alerts also provide launch-end devices for applewatch, thus increasing demand for their end-of-launch-related products. 3.5 Acoustics: process matures and vertical integration is visible.
Microsound devices are mini-mechanical devices that use energy-changer principles to convert sound-telecom-sound signals to achieve sound-transmission functions. Currently, acoustic devices are widely used in smartphones, tablet computers, laptop computers, vehicle mental systems, and elastic devices.
The process of producing acoustic devices consists mainly of: polar filming, magnetic steeling, pressurizing magnetic circuits, assembly of magnetic circuit components, ring clairvoyanting, sound-circumulation, film screening, engineering reversals, magnetic bowling, magnetic charge, testing, etc. The wide range of applications of acoustic products and their very dominant position in the market has been followed in recent years by the volume and price of acoustic devices.
In the area of acoustics, communications are created as a fast-growing back-to-back show, with pressure from powerful competitors, especially from some of the big old vocal giants – the Gore shares, the Rae voice – and so forth.
Gel Inc. was established in June 2001 and is mainly involved in the development, manufacture and development of sophisticated zero components such as audio-optics, sensors, microscopic luminescence units, and smart hardware such as virtual enhancement of reality, smart audio, smart clothes, smart homes, etc.
Gale shares a major technology orientation, offering a system-wide solution through the integration of cross-cutting technologies. Integrated competitiveness has been built in many areas. Sylvester is the leading provider of smart equipment solutions worldwide, based on enhanced user experience and customer satisfaction, based on imitation technology, using a strong research and development team and champion.
The advanced manufacturing technology, combined with big data management, continues to provide high-intensity hardware and software solutions for smart devices such as mobile terminals, robots, unmanned vehicles. The building is a brand-new American sound company, leading industry in high-performance audio.
Capability, Building Company has successfully resolved many of the key audio challenges faced in the field of mobile end, wearing equipment and object networking, while providing better audio quality to enable consumers to better control voice technology.
The audio products on the radio have a two-spk model, which has the advantage of blocking low-frequency jamming waves on the back and improving the effect of low-frequency replaying mobile phones. With the application of the box solution in apples, the two-spk application has been expanded, with the rise and upgrading of domestic brands, such as the Chinese and vivo brands, which have begun to be used in individual mobile phones.
The increase in the number of spk installed and the increase in the unit price of spk has led to a significant increase in the market space of spk. Meanwhile, the telecommunication products have been replaced by mems microphones instead of silicone microphones (emc), and the number of applications has increased in response to reduced noise requirements.
Demand, and mems have a lot of advantages over emc, so the use of mems microelectric systems as an alternative to transmission has become a common option. It is expected that the demand for mems will continue to rise as the volume of deliveries increases.
Based on the concept of “old products, new customers, new products, old products, new markets”, there has been a steady expansion of operations in the early years of sound science, with 1506/1206 and 1506/1206 under the umbrella of product performance.
Model 1609 products, which are comparable to the sound products of Inner Rim and Gower in terms of their harmonic frequency, sound pressure, waterproofness, sensitivity, have now become a supplier of the major international clients Speiker and receiver, a sign that the recognition of sophisticated products in the international market has risen to a higher level.
In the area of acoustics, the creation of a message, as a follow-up to the rapid growth, is bound to come under pressure from powerful competitors, especially from some of the leading sonar giants – Gore shares, Sioux technology, and the building. Used to be sophisticated, it only provides the macbook in-house, and as the pace of business mergers and acquisitions accelerates, it slowly starts to be mentioned.
In 2019, the area of acoustics was marked by a three-fold split between the Swe, the Sileen, and Gore. In the next two years, the sophisticatedness of communications will gradually gain a greater share of the market. In the case of communications, it will be possible to cut into the acoustic supply chain of large producers.
According to the announcement, in 2017, the U.S.A. Industries Ltd. was purchased with precision. The U.S. Law Industries was founded in 1975.
From its inception to the present, it has worked in the field of electronic sound technology, a world-famous electronic voice leader who has twice been selected as one of the best 200 companies in the Asia-Pacific region to receive less than $1 billion. The Merius product consists of headphones, speakers, microphones, hearing aids, batteries, etc., and its applications include mobile communications, visuals, etc.
As far as upgrading is concerned, the company’s acoustic products are clear-cut, and the rest of the instruments have increased by 30 to 40%, and as unit prices have risen, the overall market has grown.
In the cell phone acoustics market, there is a very large room for sophisticated upswing, and its market share has been constant since 2015.
The market estimates for the second generation of the airpods in 2019 are expected to continue to rise to 4 million, as the volume of airpods in 2018 is estimated to have reached 25 million. According to statistics, the market share last year was 40%, and is expected to grow to 60% this year.
Under the conditions of the relevant products, there is still room for further profit in 2019. 3.6 Hit-and-take motors: market saturation and city occupancy continues to rise, and progress and innovation in motors are increasing as smartphones become more and more rapidly replaced.
The essential device, the motor function, directly determines the tactile experience of the cell phone, so it can be argued that the motor's performance is one of the major drivers of mobile phone innovation. Linear motors in the cell phone are a spring mass in linear form that can directly transform electricity into a direct line transport.
Motivating mechanical energy does not require any conversion device because, because of the spring constant, the linear motor must be driven around the resonance frequency in a narrow band (2hz). When the resonant state is driven, the power current can be reduced to half instantaneously, so, in resonance, the linear motor is driven by a significant reduction in the power consumption of the system, and the cell phone vibrates more elegantly and cleanly.
The traditional rotor motors have such weaknesses as slow response, low seismic strength, high power, and poor touch, which leads to the emergence of alternative linear motors. The linear motors are based on internal spring mass blocks that rely on a linear form of motion to convert electricity directly into straight-line motor mechanics. Linear motors can significantly improve user experience. Linear motors can save electricity with low power consumption.
The importance of motors in mobile tactile experience is self-evident. In terms of input tactile experience, mobile phone products have undergone three generations of technological innovations, and multi-touch thumb-touch technology has been widely used until 2014, and can be lightly used.
Touch control functions such as browsing, double finger openings. In 2014, the forcetouch touch control technology was created, which can feel the pressure size through voltage film or pressure sensors. In 2015, the tactile experience technique was upgraded to 3dtouch levels, where it can feel a three-layer pressure that is light, pressurized and heavy.
The output experience, which corresponds to the input experience, has also improved, for example: Tapticengine is a vibration module for apple products, using a lra linear motor that controls the amplitude and frequency and achieves the best vibration in a short period of time. After that, the physical key is removed and replaced by a vibrator feedback that replaces the tactile of the entity with a vibrator, with a much cleaner and stronger vibration effect.
And it can provide more accurate feedback to users, thanks entirely to the upgrading of motor technology. Figure 60: iphonex linear motors. Currently, motor suppliers in the market are mainly Japanese manufacturers because of the early start of Japan’s mini-mada industry.
The country’s mini-mada industry is starting late, but it is growing at a very rapid rate, with gold-drawn power, sonic technology, Gol-sounding, and so on. Faced with the transformation and withdrawal of Japanese manufacturers, it quickly marched into the motor market, and successfully acquired the three-ocean power plant (the snake mouth) to form a subsidiary and a post-secondary company.
Today’s motor market is oversupplyed, the number of suppliers is very high, prices are not variable, and demand has barely increased in three years, where customers have given preference to products that are better.
Figure 62: iPhone linear motor-asp changes Apples have been using linear motors since the introduction of the iPhone 6 model, thus eliminating the physical key design and enabling real field simulations of touch-and-touch feelings. Prior to 2018, apple motor supplies were highly concentrated in top manufacturers.
3.7 Wireless headphones: a key breakthrough from the module to the built-up mechanism. Smartphones remove headphone holes and drive the market for wireless bluetooth headphones to expand gradually. iphone first removes 3.5 mm headphone holes, prompting more and more smartphones to phase out headphone holes and combine them with recharge plugs, reduced cellular plugs.
Wireless blue headphones, by contrast, have many advantages. According to gfk, 9.18 million wireless headphones were delivered in 2016, with a market size of about $2 billion.
Wireless Bluetooth Headphones have become the dominant market trend. Wireless headphones increased by 41% in 2018 compared to the same year, with the city playing field amounting to $6.3 billion. Wireless headphones have a number of advantages, with improved sound quality, and the penetration of future wireless headphones will be an apple's wireless headphone, which was first released at the Beijing time of the fall 2016 launch.
Infrared sensors built in headphones can automatically identify whether or not the headphones are automatically played in their ears, and when they last up to five small hours, they play music automatically with their headphones, double-click the headphones on siri, charge boxes to support a 24-hour voyage, and they just need to be opened so that the iphones can be identified automatically. In March 2019, the new generation of airpods bluetooths and new airpods were updated.
The sale price of fabrics has been raised from $199 to $249. Airpods products are revolutionary in comparison with other bluetooth headphones. First, they are easy to use: airpods are connected, with the advantage of closed sources, and they completely reject the old Bluetooth earwolf connections, which can only be heard by opening the lid.
Music. Second, the ability to continue, combined with an airpods to listen to a charge box, can last 24 hours. Even in the absence of electricity, it takes only 15 minutes to charge a three-hour renewal, freeing the airpods from the spell of traditional bluetooth earphones for short periods of time. Third, the brightest point that an airpods can use is to go out.
The wireless headphones are extremely small in size, tight internal structures, dozens of modules and hundreds of widgets, highly sophisticated and difficult to integrate. In addition, a lot of fine and sophisticated parts are added to the interior, making the module more difficult. Airpods are perfect.
Machine assembly requires a strong and sophisticated manufacturing power. Figure 66: Headphone components Airpods earplugs contain a single-sided circuit board, a double-sided pcb. and a small hose extending to
Airpods bottom end. On single pcb, we can see w1soc, cypresssoc, low-pressure depressors for an anecdotal semiconductor, and some other components. On double pcb, we have maxim codecs, boschbma280 velocity meters. On the other side, we see ultra-low-power 3-axis accelerometers for an intentional semiconductor, an algebra semiconductor ldo-pressors.
An airpods end-of-end hose and battery assembly with mems microphone components from Goertek. Airpods have become the head of the wireless bluetooth earphone. According to the sliciceintelligence survey, the market share of the airpods in the market for wireless bluetooth headphones has reached 26%, changing the pattern of the wireless headphone market to become the most marketable.
The best-selled bluetooth headphones, and apples with airpods as bluetooth headlines. The recent release of a new generation of airpods products has raised the ability of headphones to continue and signal stability equipment to speed, further upgrading the advantages of older products.
Year after year, bluetooth headphones will be sold at $200 million and will be the top. Airpods, the best-selling bluetooth headphone in the market, will be able to break 100 million by 2021. Airpods, a sophisticated terminal, will be worth much more than electronic parts, such as connectors, and a new generation of airpods.
After the release, the asp was further upgraded, and the future market space was over $300 million. With the accelerated penetration of airpods headphones in the coming years, and the increased integration of parts and components and the increased automation rate, the company can significantly improve its performance elasticity.
On September 9, 2014, Apple launched its first applewatch at the fall 2014 launch. Applewatch charting, playing music, measuring heart beats, measuring steps, and dozens of other functions, is a comprehensive health and motion tracking device. In September 2018, Apple released the latest applewatch product, applewatchserris4, with an increase in sales from $329.
Applewatch consists of a large number of components and widgets, consisting of plasticoled touch-control screen module, s4 treatment chip, storage chip, power management chip, audio decoder, sound amplifier, nfc controller, touch-control chip, nfcbooster ic, plus battery module and sensors, six-axis accelerometers, as provided by the ITMs,
Optical heart rate sensors, environmental photosensors provided by Austrian microelectronics. Figure 70: Applewatch internal structure of electronics continuously miniaturized, elemental complexity increased, pushing smt patch processing plants for system-level seals (sip)
The technology is widely used, and this is the way forward for creating the message. Sip wrapping (systeminapackage) is the integration of multiple functional chips, including processors, storages, etc., into a single envelope, thus achieving an essentially complete function. From the point of view of encapsulation development,
Sip is the basis for soc encapsulation.
One of the advantages of orpackages sip is that more and more functions can be condensed into smaller and smaller shapes. While the individual chips of this envelope are less integrated, the whole envelope contains more functions through smaller space occupancy.
On the other hand, this has enabled the encapsulation of a complete electronic system in an envelope, in which ic is flat or vertically stacked, or a combination of both. Moreover, the sip technique is an extension of technology that has been in existence for many years. It is built on already existing containment techniques, such as inverted chips, wirebonding, fan-out crystal.
As the volume of the applewatch continues to grow, it will benefit further. The applewatch is now at the top of the smart watch market, with a market share of nearly 50%.
Catched 18 million shipments, growing to 22.5 million in 2018 and expected to reach more than 30 million in 2019.4 The application area expanded horizontally to embrace the new blue sea of the 5g era, and the industry showed a high growth trend under the continuous fermentation of cloud computing and the “Internet+” strategy, with industry at 4.0 per cent.
5g, Wisdom's requirements for network transmission and data storage for data centres refer to a new high speed. Higher density, higher speed, greater currents and more miniaturization have become trends in connection technology. 4.1 Communicationict: diversified products, full-scale development of communications operations
5g, while improving communication performance indicators, will create new applications. For a better digital world, services in a digital society, operators around the globe are in a digital transition that requires a combination of end-to-end structures to make the links agile, automated and intelligent. In the 5g era, it will be a network of physical foundations.
The current mobile network architecture is not flexible enough to support the multi-business landscape of the 5g era, and therefore requires a corresponding change, including: multi-operational, multi-system, multi-site-type complex networks; and the need-driven deployment of business anchors: flexible network functionality: shorter business lead times.
Enhanced mobile broadband (embb), sea mass associations (mmtc) and low-time long and reliable communications (urllc). 5g will have a diverse business landscape, while the existing 4g network architecture is designed for voice communications and conventional mb operations, and 5g architecture is designed to be more flexible and efficient to meet the needs of different operations for mobile networks.
The communication experience of personal consumption, mainly “people”-centred entertainment, socialization, applies to mobile broadband operations with high speed and bandwidth.
The 5g network, supported by the sdn, nfv technology of the bottom physical facility, has achieved a full clouding of access networks, transmission networks, and nuclear heart networks, which is the basis for a better 5g network structure with a variety of different operations, and an end-to-end network cut.
Access to networks, transmission networks, and core networks change considerably in the 5g network architecture. With higher frequency, access to the base station is the most varied, and the carrying and core networks are also subject to changes due to the architecture of the web slices.
Companies develop in a comprehensive manner in the field of communications, including mainly three product lines. These include mainly radio frequency products (base station antennas, filters, etc.), interconnectivity products (high-speed connectors, high-speed cable components, etc.) and photovoltaic products (source optic cables, light modules, etc.), which can provide customers with complete signals, energy transmission solutions at the first possible time.
The company's RF product lines are not simply oems, but mixes odm and jdm. The company's base-station antennas are now being combined.
The company will launch 800g products on PV lines. The company will be the first global rollout of OSfp8*112gbps.
Companies with pam4 product solutions are highly appreciated and recognized by their clients. The lfp112 covers eight high-speed channels, while doubling the rate to meet the standards of the ieee802.3ck association. The dac copper cables and connectors, product lines, aoc/light modules series are now being rolled out in tandem with intensive development, and the entire ecology of the envelope is expected to be launched in 2019.
According to the company's annual report, the Internet product line has been growing at a high rate of over 30% in recent years. 6% of the company's overall operating income in 2018 is now low and the base is relatively small, and the communications product will continue to grow faster in the coming years as it deepens its client collaboration.
Currently, more than 70% of the company’s communications end revenue comes from wired product lines, and radio-frequency and photovoltaic lines have been delivered in small quantities. The Māori rate of interconnected product lines is low and declining, but as the size of the company’s investment projects rises, the quality of uncollected revenue and profits will rise significantly.
In many 5g communications applications, the connector carries a heavy responsibility for the transformation of light, signals and telecommunications, and with the advent of the age of the 5g interconnectivity, the 5g high data and high transmission requirements are bound to require the upgrade of the connector's performance, while the high frequency high speed feature becomes a new requirement.
With the current market space of about $45 billion, the growth is expected to accelerate over the next five years. So, through this machine, sophisticated communications can be used to develop a strong communications-connected product line.
In this context, there will be a significant increase in the number of support communication bands, an increase in the number of filters, an increase in the difficulty of design, and an increase in the price of filters. Secondly, the number of base antennas will increase significantly, increasing the number of stations, while increasing the capacity of antennas, high frequency efficiency.
Demand. Investment in base station equipment is expected to exceed $800 billion as a result of technological innovations in 5g. Second, because of the different technical standards used by 5g and 4g, the chip, algorithmic module, band module etc. developed by the manufacturer will be very different from 4g, and the old equipment will not be compatible and will require a large number of new base station facilities.
The number of antennas has increased significantly; at the same time, prices will increase somewhat due to the need for higher-value high-frequency pcbboards. At 5g, the overall market size of the substation antenna is expected to exceed $60 billion.
In the 5g era, firm-based antennas, filters, and data-centre interconnection products will also be fully market competitive. The base antennas are mainly upstream of hardware, cables, plastic materials, electronic components, and there is sufficient competition in the market.
Client railways, power grids, governments, downstream operators, and equipment have a stronger voice. 5g also offers opportunities for light modules. Light modules will be used six to seven times as much, so there will be a rapid increase in the market of light modules.
The global market for optical devices is expected to reach US$ 13.7 billion a year. The global producers of optical devices are concentrated in the US, China, and Japan.
It has a sophisticated industrial product customization and design capability, technological engineering based on car regulations, design and manufacture of fully automated production equipment. It has a country-wide manufacturing base, a global distribution service network, a country-wide manufacturing base, a well-developed global service network, a strong research and development capacity and advanced production technologies, and a combination of leading cross-border excellence.
In the area of the automobile market, companies have formed more complete zero-component product lines such as wire beams, connectors, electronic modules, embedding features, etc., and have sunk a better base in the area of new energy vehicles, with continuous breakthroughs in the entire garage and the Tier 1 client base, which will be a steady growth point for the future.
Companies continue to have advantages in consumer electronics, developing modules in electronics. Using their advantages of precision integration and miniaturization, they build products for applications such as car wires, auto appliances, and connectors and structural devices. In car wires, they provide faster data transmission speeds to meet consumers with seamless connections to core connection technology, key power signals and data.
With regard to automobile appliances, the changing circumstances in which cars are used today, as well as the need for better driving experience, have led to a dramatic change in the way cars are connected. The company provides 5v chargers, 15w vehicles with wireless chargers, dcdc, usbhub, etc.
In connection with connectors and structures, provide ecu connectors, electronic gas-conservation doors, new energy conversion plugs, hybrid cooling system water, figure 85: Precision automobile products, sophisticated use of bcs advantages and its own advantage in developing new products to meet the trends in the aces and driving patterns.
In 2018, the market size for interconnected products reached $51.7 billion, the market size for hmi was $15.5 billion, the market size for connectors was $28.1 billion, and the market size for adas was $21 billion.
A combination of strengths, such as mobility, is a strategy for the growth of industries. In 2018-2023, it is projected that gagr, which is well-informed on interconnected products, will reach 2 per cent on Hmi, 17 per cent on connectors and 18 per cent on adas.
4.3 Material Networking Smart Hardware: A diversified layout, with wide market space for the future, apart from mobile phone operations, the company goods network business has flourished and has moved into pc+(usb3.0) in recent years, smart households, new industries, diversified layouts, and wide market space for the future.
Smart hardware means that, after intelligenceization, hardware has the ability to connect, to load Internet services, to form a typical structure for "cloud+end". Smart homes are “residential-based platforms, to build integrated systems, network communications, information technology, equipment automation, etc., to integrate systems, structures, services, and management.
Efficient, safe, convenient and environmentally friendly living environment.” As artificial intelligence technology continues to improve, there is a growing variety of smart household products, with global smart households living in the city in 2018, at a growth rate of 25.3 per cent, and although growth has slowed somewhat, the market will grow steadily, with China ' s intelligence in 2020.
Assumption 1: Computers: The prices of company computer-connected products and sophisticated components are expected to fluctuate slightly over the next few years, and in the next three years: Automobiles: The prices of the company’s business products are expected to remain stable for the next three years, with a 45% increase in the volume of goods delivered.
Assumption 3: Communications: With the development and diffusion of 5g technologies, we expect an increase in the volume of the operation's output over the next few years
Gore acoustics, the industry averaged 25.14 times in 2019, and companies are expected to reach 0.90 dollars in 2019. Given the growing maturity and concentration of the consumer electronics industry, companies as leaders in the consumer electronics industry and their active involvement in the 5g area of communications and smart driving, higher valuation premiums should be given.
Single-large customer orders are risk-dependent: automobile and communications operations have developed less than expected: trade wars have led to a reduction in the number of orders or to a failure to obtain, either directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.