Precision in various areas of layout, high growth kinetic energy, 17 April 2019. In-depth study (002475.sz)
1.1. Consumer electronics have a clear growth path. Companies have built sophisticated manufacturing platforms with smart equipment, cars, communications at their core, and connector domestic rows around consumer electricity sub-species, starting from the pc connector.
Number one, top 10 worldwide. Founder and management team deep-farming electronics for 30 years, with many roll-out of equity incentive schemes in recent years, highlighting long-term management confidence.
Research assistant: Wei Dae-chul 2.
Intense, focusing on the development of core components of smart equipment such as electrophones, trans-radio frequency, motors, opticals and, while upgrading their own technology, moving through the extended M & As and fast-tracking into the relevant industry chain, following the larger customers.
The market share has been rising, performance has continued to grow significantly, and companies have been eligible for portfolio investment consultancy since listing.
The industry leads and maintains an upward trend, with higher-quality returns and a forward-looking layout of future high-quality areas based on sophisticated manufacturing capabilities. The integrated solutions for the car and electronics sector have been developed, with 18 years of revenue.
A 53% increase, with a strong degree of certainty about the future. Base-end operations begin to grow as 5g commercials mature, and high-speed connection products cover firms with sophisticated communications, 002475.sz, compared to 300 depths.
Level equipment is expected to provide a long-term growth in performance. More sophisticated than ever.
Cars, communications, etc. are not expanding as expected. First, the domestic connector leads to a sophisticated full-scale layout, focusing on consumer electronic solutions.
Domestic connectors, pc, communications, and cars continue to provide a growth engine for companies. SIG was established in 2004 and placed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in September 2010. SIGINT is established to focus on connection lines, connectors, motors, wireless chargers, fpc, antennae, etc.
Research, production, and marketing of products such as acoustics and electronics modules. Products applications have been gradually expanded from traditional 30 and enterprise-level equipment to automobiles, medicine, etc., and have become full-scale zero-format providers in sophisticated electronic manufacturing.
Strengths: Interconnectivity focuses on light modules, high-density high-speed interconnections, while car wire beams and auto structures are the main products that extend to the automotive sector. Companies have a steady momentum for growth in the context of future increases in sophisticated electronic demand for auto medicine.
The market share is competitive, working with local and foreign brands. The main customers are well-known manufacturers, both inside and outside the country, including apples, conjectures, Huaieng, Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Microsoft, Google, Waves, Japan, Bo, Amazon, Belkin, etc. Global Connectors 2017 according to regional market shares.
The firm ranks 8th in the top ranking, and is the only firm in mainland China that has entered the top 10.2 The equity structure is stable, the real control industry is experienced, the equity incentive to bind the core backbone is highly concentrated, and the structure is stable. As of 31 December 2018, the company owned total assets.
The top ten shareholders of the company have remained stable for a long time, which is conducive to the company’s dedication. The first shareholder is a limited company (45.11%), a wholly owned subsidiary that actually controls Wang Yichun, the winner of Wang. The top ten shareholders hold a total of 60.26% of the company’s shareholdings, a 29.83% stake pledge, and a high concentration of shares.
The founder has 30 years of experience in the electronics industry, with a strong combination of core executives. The company actually controls people from first-line workshops and has extensive research experience in the electronics industry.
The company’s core executives have high-quality academic background and extensive work experience, including the Deputy Managing Director, Li Bin, Master of Industrial Engineering, Shanghai Transport University.
A degree in technology development and management of high-frequency data cable connectivity components. Equity incentives to bind core backbones to show company long-line growth confidence.
The net profit of the parent company grew from $116 million to $2.723 billion, and the Gagr registered 56-48 per cent, with a 30-fold increase in the size of its revenues. It was the only company in the country that had made a breakthrough of 10 billion connectors on the market.
Optimized income structure, consumption of electronic plates, leading to rapid growth of companies, and promising future contribution of automobile electronics. Corporate products are concentrated in the four areas of consumer electronics, computers, automobiles, communications. In recent years, companies have focused on consumer electronics segmentation such as acoustics, antennas, wireless chargers, motors, opticals, etc., consumer electronics camp 2018.
The same-year increase ranged from 76.5% to 26.807 million yuan, representing an increase from 66% to 75%, making the company a revenue-earning automobile-connected product with a steady increase in its revenue contribution and a strong future growth momentum. Insisting technology at its core, R & D costs are rising year by year, keeping the industry at the top of the list.
A total of 2,514 million yuan was invested a year, an increase of 63 per cent. The cost of R & D continued to rise as a proportion of revenue, from a context of heavy R & D inputs. Companies already have core technology and intellectual property rights for autonomous products.
Roe has maintained a stable profit margin and a steady increase in the turnover of accounts receivable. The company’s overall Māori ratio has been maintained with sustained investment in new product development and capacity expansion, a higher rate of return on net assets, a steady increase in the turnover of accounts receivable and a stable overall asset turnover since its listing.
Starting with the connector, the company follows the big customers to a diversified layout of electronics, to create sophisticated manufacturing dragons, and in the future, the company's early deployment of automobiles, electronics, telecommunications, etc., has a strong space for growth. We recognize that the firm has a solid foundation in precision manufacturing technology, with a strong increase in penetration into multiple fields.
(1) The basis of self-employment: high-quality electronic precision-making, based on a high-precision platform-based layout. From parts to machine, technology is constantly improving and products are highly diversified. (2) Industry space: corporate development strategies tend to be biased, backward products are phased out, and the landscape is stable.
The vanguard, with very high growth space in each segment. (3) Future layouts: rapid expansion of advantages through extended M&As as the market share of large clients rises; and rapid rises in sub-incomes, such as automobile electronic communications, through early layouts.
ii. Consumer electronics have a lot of flowering, broken down by the industry, where companies are leading by connectors. A sophisticated manufacturing platform is built around consumer electronics. Company development paths are clear, and prior to 2011 the company was mainly in the pc connection area, with a deep build-up of macbooks,
Internal connection orders for ipad: In 2011-2018, with the outbreak of smart phones, companies cut into smart cell phones as a core consumer electronic area, expanded from single-connector operations to system-based solutions, leading the way in all areas of disaggregation. In 2018, companies were keenly informed in the areas of communications and automobile electronics.
And gradually open up the market and, with the product spread in the 5g era, this type of business becomes the new consumer electronics company, which can be divided into three core directions: acoustics, pan-radio frequency and motors and opticals, involving the expansion of the business from the original single connection to the beam zero group (lighting, lighting, etc.).
Turnovers, wireless chargers) + functional module (sonics, lcp, linear motors, optical) + whole machine category 1, wireless charging +lcp will have a 5g dividend, and demand for big equipment upgrades has increased significantly (1) corporate lcp becomes a necessity for 5g high frequency, and antenna growth is highly deterministic
In the context of 5g and object networking, antennas are one of the most defined areas of disaggregation for future growth. On the one hand, the antenna, as a device for transmitting frequency signals, determines communication indicators such as communication quality, signal power, signal bandwidth, connection speed, etc., and is at the heart of the communications system. On the other hand, one-line brand has been published for the first time.
5g smartphones, which will be more than 3 billion by 2022; on the other hand, under 5g conditions, smart devices are much more limited to mobile phones, and the spread of the Internet will lead to more intelligent homes. 5g smart power demand and a significant increase in 5g performance will allow the end antenna product to be replaced.
The company ' s lcp became a necessity for upgrading 5g products and will replace pi as a mainstream radio frequency antenna material. 5g In the environment, the traditional pip material, owing to a significant increase in the frequency of communications, has high electromagnetic losses at high frequency and cannot meet high frequency requirements. lcp materials are liquid crystal molecule polymers with low wear and tear, flexibility, etc.
The advantages of low-electric constants and excellent environmental performance are high-frequency (HF) device materials with excellent performance. The unit price is nearly 20 times higher, and the market space is huge. The iPhone is expected to use all of the lcp material after 2018. The current price of the iPhone is about US$ 5 for the iPhonex set, which is traditional pi.fpc
According to idc's projections, the size of the icp is expected to reach $4.3 billion in smart cellular markets by 2021, with a combined growth rate of 80 per cent in five years. (2) The penetration rate is increasing, and wireless charging is replaced by product substitution.
According to the ihs survey, the penetration rate of wireless chargers increased from 10% in December 2016 to 40% in the first half of 2018. The delivery of wireless chargers and transmitters is expected to increase to about 2 billion launchers in 2022.
Synchronize with the receiving end, the volume of future shipments will increase rapidly, and there will be an increase in demand for charging opportunities in public places. The potential for wearing equipment as another important application area for wireless charging is enormous.
Wire charging is expected to grow robustly in the appliance industry. It is expected that the size of the market will pass by $10 billion in 2020.
In terms of acceptance: iPhone is now fully wired and not wired.
Equipment other than mobile phones will be equipped with wireless chargers, and airpods, published in March 2019, have been added for the first time; at the launch end: in 2017, the company became the sole supplier of Appleairpower wireless chargers, with a future increase of time.
In the future, Wireless charging will become a new growth point for companies. Wireless charging is a high barrier industry, from industry.
The chain angle is divided into five main plates: program design, power chips, magnetic materials, transmission loops and module manufacturing. Of these, programme design and power chip links each account for about 30% of the profits of the wireless recharge industry chain.
At the end of the launch, new energy vehicles will become important applications, with huge market space in the future, in addition to consumer electronics. The company’s main advantages in this business are the following two things: 1) tied to the depth of the large customer’s supply chain.
Client biosphere, increasing market share: 2) Deeply sophisticated manufacturing capacity, more competitively involved in the production of modules requiring strong modules and the concentration of transmission loops requiring high customer customization and high-precision manufacturing levels.
2. Airpods drive acoustics with a remarkable amount of effort, and add to the US-American electronics to strengthen their own technology. The industry has a sophisticated manufacturing feature, smart equipment interactive scenes, and acoustic terminals are the core entrances.
The high quality requirements of the consumer's audio-based products will drive their rapid upgrading, and the new applications, represented by stereos, waterproofs, are spreading rapidly in the electronics. With the intelligentization of the electronics, the biggest hand-off, except for text-entry, will be required.
Smart phone acoustic parts are particularly functionally upgraded, with a single machine increasing in value. From the original speaker monomer to speakerbox, the volume is reduced while the sound is improved. With waterproofing, receiver is amplified and used as a second speaker to produce stereo effects.
After that, the receiver performance on top of the cell phone is basically the same as that below. In the same way, we can see a clear increase in value, beginning with only about $2 for spk+rec, and $12 for iphonex acoustic products.
The acquisition of old sound manufacturers, integration of technology and customer resources, and market shares are expected to continue to rise. The United States of America is a world-famous, world-famous sound company with major products such as loudspeakers, freephones and bluetooth earphones, applemacbooks, ipad electronics and beats core suppliers.
The Division invested $530 million to gain 51% of Sioux's share in the market of the audio-business chain. In February 2017, the Division continued to acquire Shanghai-American and Hyeju-American, expanding the reach of the acoustic business.
Aerpods display sophisticated manufacturing capabilities, ranging from parts and components to the output of the whole machine. A firm's sophisticated parts and components are made, the whole machine is manufactured on the airpods, and an airpods headphone contains its recharge equipment.
There are 28 major components and hundreds of widgets, with six sensors in the headphones. The internal structure is complex, sophisticated and highly integrated, and the output of the airpods is proof of the company’s precision.
Under the lead, the penetration rate of wireless headphones has risen rapidly, while the airpods are widely regarded as the best use of wireless headphones, and the second generation of airbeds was released in March 19 with wireless chargers, further increasing market penetration. As terminal operators continue to promote smart headphone technology innovations, smart headphones will include life.
The company is a small number of manufacturers with sophisticated wireless earr modules, and is expected to benefit from wireless headphone penetration in the future, increasing its performance. The company will become the first manufacturer of the full-time wireless headphone brand.
In the full screen age, vibration feedback simulations will significantly replace the key buttons. The launch of the smartphone replacement cycle will begin with 3dtouch technology, which will provide light and lightness by providing a more accurate perception of the stress level and area.
The user experience has been greatly improved through interaction with multiple layers of dimensions. The spread of linear motors has improved the user experience considerably, thanks to the shortcomings of traditional rotor motors in terms of slow response, low seismic intensity, heavy power and fratricidal touch. Linear motors have less power and are able to function.
With 60-80% of the energy in the province, one half of the transformer's current is needed to reach the same speed as the spiner's motor, which is more robust than the spiner's motor.
♪ I'm so happy to see you ♪
Linearresonant mass(erm) actuator(lra)
The spin of the eccentric spin caused a shock from the tactile vibrating device, and the spring suspended the coil inside the online motor, and when there was an electrical current in the coil, it moved. When the spinal motor rotated, the rotor was created.
The coils create magnetic fields. The coils are connected to magnetic mass blocks, when they flow through lines, working principles, a centrifugal heart force, which causes motors to flow.
The direction and strength of the magnetic field will change when the cycle changes its current, and the mass blocks will move up and down in the changing magnetic field.
Quick response, high vibration intensity, nuance, low power, low acoustic noise, slow response rate, low vibration strength, high power consumption, slight deviations in the modem frequency to reduce vibration effects.
Vibration acceleration, acoustic noise, bump touch effects.
uah) click tactile (uah)
In 2018, global smartphones were about 1.42 billion, of which the iPhone series was fully loaded and the iPhones were 225 million. Currently, the cost of the traditional spin-off motors is around US$ 1-3, while large clients use high-end x linearity.
The motor cost alone is $8-10, three to five times as much as the traditional motor. Smart machine exits will continue to grow steadily over the next two years, with 100% penetration by large clients, and ante-end penetration will gradually rise, with market patterns expected to exceed $20 billion over the next three years. In addition to being used on mobile phones as a central part of tactile feedback, mini-surgery
Companies benefit from higher technical barriers, and the market share is expected to increase further. Linear motors are more demanding in terms of precision and miniaturization, process difficulties, and traditional solar systems.
In the future, linear motor penetration is strong, with a double-priced performance. At present, linear motors are still in the early stages of penetration, only apple products are fully used, and front-line manufacturers such as the Andre series are gaining penetration.
There is also a replacement cycle, and companies have a deep technological reserve on high-end linear motors, and it is expected that in the future they will be able to build future growth space for automobile electronics and communications.
Automobile electron is the overall name of car-based auto-electric and vehicle-borne electronic control devices. The control devices include power masters, chassis and body electronic controls: car-borne electronics include auto-information system navigation systems, vehicles, etc.
Communications systems, vehicle networks, etc... During the transition from traditional fuel-powered to battery-powered vehicles, there will be a significant increase in the electronization of vehicles, with two of the most rapid increases in demand: 1) intelligent driving as a long-term driving safety system (adas), which is an important guarantee for achieving unmanned driving in the future: 2)
Car-borne electronics, car-borne communications, which are represented by smart seating, are the basic requirements for building car-networking and object-networking. The company’s early deployment of industrial chains, rapid growth of automobile electronics, and the scope for future product expansion are enormous.
Formed into three broad categories of product lines: 1) car wire beams (special beams, whole beams, subsystem beams): 2) car connectors and structural elements (ecu connectors, rain scraping system components, sensor frame connectors, new energy conversion plugs, etc.); 3) automobile appliances (5v/18v wireless charge, Usbhub, 110w lamp dcdc
Outward M&As are ongoing, and resources are consolidated to achieve a rapid increase in sub-income. Outreach is continuing, and strength is increasing significantly: all are done without exception in the context of “intra- and out-of-house” business development, through which firms can access the technology, customers, channels and fast-tracked enterprises of the acquired enterprises.
The power of the company’s auto-connected products and sophisticated components grew by $1.13 billion in 2017.
A rapid increase of 1.728 billion yuan over the same period was achieved in 2018, 25 per cent long, with a 53 per cent increase in gross domestic product (Māori), 2 and 5g sustained, and the company ' s communications operations were well advanced, with the construction of 5g base stations being 1.5 times the size of 4g. In terms of the number of base stations, the number of base stations moved forward from 4g to 4g.
In addition, in the construction of the 5g base station, the size of the 5g base station will be millions, with investment in 10 billion grades. In terms of single base station value, the 5g base station will significantly increase the use of radio frequency devices and antennas.
The average cost of a single base station is expected to be 1.25 times that of 4g, or approximately $156,700.The company now has simultaneously an antenna, a tower, a filter mass delivery capability, a product full-band coverage of 600mhz-4.5ghz, a leading radio frequency device design validation capability and a 5g antenna beam.
Scan-testing capability, which has now started working with a number of clients. With regard to base station antennas, the massivemimo technology will be widely used in the 5g era, with 64,128 antennas providing multiple independent wireless channels with higher, further and deeper coverage. At the same time, due to medium filters,
The demand for medium filters will be enormous, given the need for two filters per antenna. Communications products are gradually refined to create integrated enterprise-level solutions. Companies in the area of communications are mainly interoperable.
Combined products: high-speed connectors, high-speed cable components, etc.: radio frequency end products include: base station antennas, filters, etc.: light products include: source optic cables, light modules, etc. The end of the product is gradually perfected to form a complete closed ring and is already capable of providing a complete signal transfer solution for the client.
The product works well with important domestic and external clients in the 5g area, with the company’s 5g base station filtering product being one of the preferred options for many equipment dealers in the country and abroad, and some of the products are already being delivered in small quantities. Without the progressive release of the 5g investment, the company’s communications business is expected to support future performance growth.
In terms of consumer electronics, the future of new corporate products is gradually being released, with the upgrading of smart equipment and the improvement of product quality, with a steady increase in sub-business income. New products such as acoustics, radio frequency, motors, optically, etc. are expanding. Computer interconnectivity products and sophisticated components are early business at the end of the company pc, changing with the industry.
The centre was transformed and the business ' s share of the main business declined, and is expected to remain stable and slightly lower in the future, while the company ' s layout, connectors, antennas, etc., are partially integrated into the core manufacturer ' s supply chain system, with 5g car interconnectivity products and sophisticated components
Companies are still investing continuously in the automobile sector, and the business has grown rapidly in recent years, and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate as cars are upgraded to electronics.
According to companies listed in the same industry, credit-wire communications, Ophe light, and Gore shares are selected as comparable companies. Premixed.
After many years of operation, the vast majority of products successfully cut into large clients are technology-recognized forms, but the larger downstream customers account for a relatively high share of the market risk affected by them.
Most of the company ' s products are related to the future 5g, with 5g landing year in 2019, but the development process is less risky than expected, depending on the market feedback process and capital input.
From open compliance channels, the report’s analytical logic is based on my professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and the findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. No part of my remuneration is available, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.