In-depth report, multi-operational, business model-building, new ecology, highly recommended (first coverage)
Li Xing (Research Assistant) has a different view from the market: unlike the market, this paper focuses on the business model of the company ' s products, as well as on the competition of the new business layout. We believe that companies are around large customers, using efficient M & As as a means of modeling the product.
The model has been transformed into a component module terminal, which is gradually forming a positive feedback ecosystem. We believe that the next three years will be a fast-growing phase of the company’s new business, a higher share of clients, and a significant improvement in the profitability of its operations, such as the airpods, while the construction of 5g and the new energy automobile industry will be fast-tracked.
Development also offers new development opportunities for companies. Aerpods and spk/rcv, antennas, wireless chargers, 5g, among others, drive performance growth.
The field uses a stand-up + US law + Conn control alliance, which is expected to continue to increase in the share of a client. The company’s accumulated experience and learning skills in acoustic integration of highly sophisticated systems has a clear catalytic effect on the company’s expansion of its operations. Thus, in the area of wireless charging, the company has a coil, -50%.
The fpc and modular trio capabilities are the core suppliers of a customer's wireless charger module, and the company is expected to accelerate the penetration of future cellular wireless recharge end rx. Three key technologies, such as super-intensity grids, massivemimo and millimetres, have enabled cellular and base station side antenna architecture and material development during the 5g era.
Efficient M&As to build a positive feedback system for the model of the “component module – terminal” product. Companies are consuming electronic connectors with a strong market position and technological experience in R & D, which can be used as an extension to companies.
With the ability to integrate and learn from high-precision systems, the company first expands the product class around a client and then extends to other domestic and international clients. We believe that the company is around large customers, using efficient M&As as a means of transforming the product model into a group.
This positive feedback system effectively reduces the risks of corporate business and technology overlap while giving the company room to grow.
In combination with the company's e-consumption leading position, and the entry of many of its new businesses in 18-19 years,a 30.30 per cent, covered for the first time with a “strongly recommended” rating.
1. The company was founded in 2014 as a computer connector, and in 2010 it was small in the depths of a deep-seated home.
According to the Bishop & Associates report, the company’s operations have stabilized for the last three years at the country’s first and eighth global level. In 2010-2018, the company’s business income was 56% cagr, the parent’s net profit was 48%, and after streamlining the company’s business layout and operating conditions, we expect that the company’s operating income and net profit from the parent’s future three years will continue to be 27% + higher.
Expanding around the big customer business, product model: component module, terminal, apple business, is expected to account for 60% +, and the whole product has an evolution pattern of "assembly module, terminal." After a performance split, we see that the company provides a series of products that are mainly connected to a client, connectors, wireless chargers, acoustics, antennas, linear motors, fpc, etc.
In the context of a client’s product extension road map, companies have gradually added new product categories, from one product category in 2010 to 14 major product categories in 2018, and the Department’s outreach projects have surged in 17 and 18 years, and the performance of wireless chargers, acoustics, linear motors, and antenna four major projects is expected to be released over the next three years. In the context of the company’s horizontal expansion of communications and automobiles, the product as a whole presents a pattern of evolution of the “assembly module terminals” over the next three years.
1.3 Create a positive feedback system for the efficient merger and acquisition of spear components and module terminals. By combing the company’s fund-raising investments, we find that the company has increased its commitment to modules and terminals in recent years, in conjunction with the rapid expansion of the company’s component groups, and we believe that the company is going to build a positive feedback system between the components and the module terminals.
Terminal and module expansion has two major advantages for companies: 1) it can boost revenue from related operations for the company ' s components while substantially increasing the size of the company ' s collections; 2) deep participation in the terminal and module operations can be sensitive to changes in the technology of the components and facilitate further research and development of the company ' s components, which in turn will facilitate the optimization of the end product. For the company ' s clients, it can effectively reduce the supply chain, lower costs, and facilitate product design.
By collating the subject matter of the company’s various product categories, we find that the company’s main way of expanding and adjusting its product is through mergers and acquisitions. The 2010-2018 M&As 15+, with an average of nearly two M&As per year, are occurring by 2015.
Corporate M&As are concentrated in interconnected areas such as connectors, fpc, and cut into apple chains, communications, and automobiles through M&As. After 2015, the company 's M&As moved to non-interconnected areas, including acoustic and optical fields, in line with the company's “assembly module terminal” product model.
This suggests that the company as a whole has strong integration and export management capabilities that enable it to quickly develop new products through M&As or enter new markets, shorten its learning curve, and create strong risk-resistant and sustained profitability.
The company's business model of vertical integration of the "components and modules and assembly products" is extremely useful for the company. Honghai is the leader of the 30-generation industry, and the history of collating products shows that the company's business model has evolved in the form of "components and modules and assembly products."
The company as a whole has a vertical integration model, similar to the one we've analysed for the company's component module terminal. Ms. Saichun, the founder and chairman of the company, worked in Fujimori for almost 10 years and wrote, based on an interface article, that Ms. Wang Lichun wrote: “I have a strong influence on the placement of cadres to work, on the way to preach and on the way to do business.” As can be seen, Honghai vertically integrates the modules of the module.
The second-largest connector company in the world has developed a powerful connector business through large-scale M&As. Afino is committed to building a connector platform, based on his own computer from the start of the company.
And consumer electronics, through the acquisition of the multi-downstream applications of layout connectors, whose operating income mainly covers mobile equipment, motor vehicles, industry, communications, and military aviation. From 2003 to the present, Anfino will complete at least one acquisition each year, accounting for almost every year for the bulk of its cash use, with the total amount of money used for the merger accounting for more than 50 per cent of the total cash allocated to the company during the period 2003-2015.
2. The accelerated penetration of Apple operations is the main driving force behind the growth in corporate performance, which is expected to contribute significantly to the performance of the three services, namely, airpods, wireless chargers and antennas. As can be seen from the analysis above, the company has been around customers for 16 to 17 years.
Households expand their operations into non-interconnected areas, including acoustics, wireless chargers, airpods, and so on. We expect that the apple business will continue to grow at a 30% + profit compound rate over the next three years, with a steady increase in the revenue share, with three operational performance contributions: Airpods, Wireless charge and antenna 2.1 acoustic components: stand-up + US + Conn control combinations, airpods zero breakthroughs of far-reaching significance.
The upgrading path of the electrosound component is mainly in three main directions: 1) stereos; 2) waterproof noise; 3) integration. The application of the microsound device is divided into two categories: 1) audio components integrated into the terminal as parts, such as the speaker (spk), the receiver (rcv), the microphone (mic); 2) stand-alone acoustic terminals that make up the system, such as the headphones, audio boxes, etc.
To: 1) stereo sound; 2) waterproof noise; 3) integrated. Stereo sound results in a dualspk module programme, and process difficulties are raised to improve the asp. The trend in stereo sound results has led to the upgrading of spk and rcv from monolith to spkbox/rcvbox, using the dualspk program.
The use of the dualspk program was first introduced by Appleiphone7 and the current configuration of the double-speaker program by the Andre terminal company Samsung. The difficulty of the dualspk module process and the increase in the number of single-cell configurations of spk have helped to boost the advantages of the single machine chart 16.spkbox.
Water-proofing and noise-reducing processes and materials are beneficial for upgradingasp. Current mainstream mobile terminal operators have water-proofing capabilities of pp67 and above. The acoustic components are addressed mainly through water-proofing membranes, silicon-structured presses, ultrasound wires, blisters, and water-resistant glues.
The number of memsmics added up and down to mic outside the main mic, and the arithmetic process produced an inverse sound wave to offset environmental noise. Prices also increased significantly as the acoustic widget configuration was upgraded. Traditional configurations ranged from $2 to $3, iphone 8/8plus was $7 gold, and iphonex was around $10.
Airpods are expected to maintain growth of more than 30% over the next three years. In independent acoustic terminals, the airpods account for 26% of their share of the market after the sale, surpassing the beats ranking first. Airpods are expected to deliver 26 million units in 2018, an increase of 93% over the same period, maintaining a high rate of growth.
By contrast to other wireless headphones, the airbeds have the following characteristics: 1) With apples themselves designed w1 chips, the chip allows for the full-scale management of the airpods connection, continuity, and physical gymnastics control.
(ii) Complex structure and difficulty of assembly. Each airpods is only 16.5 mm x 18.0 mm x 40.5 mm, but the internal integration of hundreds of components and the addition of many new connectors and sophisticated structures makes the structure and module process very difficult. Early airpods were assembled by the British industry to the exclusive, but after entering the company in 2017, with many years of manufacturing experience and excellent learning skills, the company increased overall productivity and productivity.
More importantly, the company’s breakthrough in the airpods shows that the company’s ability to integrate a highly sophisticated system is extremely open to new and counter-supplementary components, with great commercial potential.
2.2.1 Communications + U.S. + Control vertical integration, a customer share and profitability are expected to increase + U.S. + Control vertical layout, and build up productive capacity. In 2015, the company entered the electronics field, integrating S.A., U.S. and U.S. law in Shanghai, and promoting rapid growth in the smartphone acoustics business.
In 2016, Taiwan transferred 51% of the shares from the US to the U.S.M.M., while the U.S.'s main business in the U.S. was a brand-style speakers group. Taiwan's U.S.A. took apple orders and transferred them to the U.S.M. for production. In the same year, the U.S. invested 16% of the shares and the U.S.'s upstream suppliers. In early 2017, the company's subsidiary, Toshiyoshi, acquired Shanghai and Huezhou under the U.S. flag.
The subsidiary, Shanghai and Huezhou companies operate on an ad hoc, headphone and smart sound box. In 2016, the company was set to increase and invest 1 billion dollars in the “Early Sound Devices and Audio Frequency Module Extension Project”, as reported in mid-18 years, with 87 per cent of the project's investment progress, and after completion of the project, the company's electrical equipment and audio frequency module production will be significantly upgraded.
Figure 23. The setup of the audio-symphony business, top-notch, top-notch, top-notch, top-notch.
Quinsan United, Mait, Suzhou, set up a law of truth.
The company’s acoustic components have successfully infiltrated the mac, ipad, and iphones of a client.
In 2017, the entire market share was raised to 10-15% for iPhone 8plus and rcvbox for iPhone 8Plus. The use of iPhone was successful in cutting into iPhone, indicating that the technology gap between companies and aac, Gore shares was small, and combined with the company's unique product model of "component moduleing and terminal," we believe.
A higher share of customers is expected, and profitability is expected to increase significantly. 2.2 Wire charged: the market has great potential, and the qi standard is the dominant program for today’s consumption of electronics.
The charge, the coil and the capacitor form a resonance between the charger and the device to achieve efficient electrical transmission. The main mainstream wireless charge is currently qi-coded, magnetic resonance wireless, radio frequency technology. The current cellular wireless charge is based on the wpc-imposed qi standard, representing companies including three stars, apples, and high access companies promote the airfuel standard using magnetic resonance wireless charge.
In line with the trend of electro-tailless and inflammation, the trend of wireless charging is clear. Now that the 5g has become a definitive trend, mobile phones, radio frequency modules will increase, and the already scarce internal space of mobile phones will need to be changed. Thus, the release of internal space from the wired charging interface module will be eliminated.
Wire charging is expected to become the mainstream technology programme. Wire charged out of line restrictions, complete separation of appliances and power sources, more flexibility, and waterproofing. As of December 16, 2018, Apple iPhone 8 and above supported wireless charging, and global support for wireless chargers amounted to 135 units. The number of wpc members increased to 638 in October 2018, and wpc analyses projected to deliver 1 billion in 2020.
Rx, 400 million tx. In October 2018, China launched the mate20 series of phones, while the mate20pro supported reverse wireless charge, which can charge other smartphones of the qi standard. Reverse wireless charge requires chips with both rx (accept) and tx (launch) functions, while normal wireless chargers only have rx (acceptance). So, the trend towards wireless recharge is more optimistic and the potential for market growth is higher in the future.
2.2.1 Wireless charging industrial chains: Programmatic design barriers are the highest, and module manufacturing barriers are currently divided into Rx (acceptance) and tx (launching) modules. The launch end tx products are usually wireless chargers, while the receiving end rx is a charge terminal, such as mobile phones, smart watch, etc.
The program design has a higher value added and the modular envelope is the lowest. The wireless charger industry chain is divided into five main components: program design, power chips, magnetic materials, transmission loops, module manufacturing. In business processes, the end plant offers demand, the program plant designs, the value added and barriers are higher. The source chip is mainly purchased for high access, the tectonics, and the technical barriers are higher. Magnetic materials are mainly oxidators and nanocrys, and the barriers are lower.
The transmission loop is more customized and requires sophisticated processing techniques, with lower barriers. Model sealing requires lightening and miniaturization, and barriers 2.2.2 have both coil and modular capabilities and remain silent as a core supplier. Companies have been the core supply of their wireless charging modules since they were listed in 2014.
Business. In 2017, the company was the sole supplier of the Wirepower (not listed) Wire charged tx loop. In 2018, the company was the main Wire charged rx coil supplier for the new iphone. The company has a strong modular strength and a high level of precision manufacturing, providing system-wide solutions. According to the industry chain analysis above, this capability is essential for the Wire charged coil and the modular environment. So, the company is expected to continue to benefit from Wireless in the future.
2.3 Antennas: 5g wind, and the ecliptic arrays of the ectomy are about to rise to the opportunity of development. Technology needs are high. Mobile communications before 5g are people-centred, while 5g will be about people and things, and are connected to everything.
20-50 times higher than 4g, i.e. 20-50gbps. 2) User experience rate, 5g ensures that users have a 1gbps rate anywhere. 3) Time delay, 5g delay to 1/10 times more than 4g delay, i.e. end-to-end delay to 5ms and empty space to 1 ms. 4) support connection numbers, 5g to more than 10 times higher than 4g, and support 12 billion connectivity capabilities, including m2m/iot. 5)
Bit cost efficiency, 5g is more than 50 times higher than 4g, and the cost per bit is significantly reduced, leading to a peak speed of the network capex and opex[gbps] spectral effect in small areas
One of the key technologies for bit cost-efficiency 5g is the massivemimo (large antenna arrays), which will result in a significant increase in the number of antennas. The mimo principle is to use multiple antennas at the point of launch to send the signal independently, while using multiple antennas at the receiving end to receive and restore the original message.
By installing hundreds of thousands of antennas on the side of the station, a large number of antennas simultaneously receive and send data, using space reuse technology, on the same time-frequency resources, while serving more users, thus increasing the spectrum efficiency of the wireless communication system. Massivemimo has three main features: 1) each base station has a super-large antenna array; 2) serves a large number of users at the same time; 3) a large number of base antennas. As a result, the number of smart cellular antennas has also increased significantly.
One of the key features of 5g is millimetre wave communications, which will increase the use of high-frequency high-speed materials. The current commercial cellular frequency is below 3 ghz, the spectrum is crowded and the bandwidth is limited, while there are approximately 252 ghz available in 3-300 ghz, and the high frequency spectrum is abundant in milligrams.
Mi-wave bands refer to spectrum resources with frequencies from 30 ghz to 300 ghz, with wavelengths ranging from 1 mm to 10 mm. The use of millimetre-wave bands allows for the allocation of more antennas to senders and receiver units, as well as requirements such as 5 g capacity and transmission rate. However, millimetre waves also have problems of short transmission distance, poor penetrating and decomposition, and large decay. These problems make the 5g communications equipment more demanding for the performance of communication materials.
Letters have low medium constants, low dispersion factors, and high conductor surface flatness that can better meet the 5g communications equipment requirements. lcp materials are the ideal antenna base material for 5g, a customer push. lcp materials have low medium constants and wear and tear, good heat stability, very low insulation rates, high gas density, lower thermal inflating factors, high intensity and complex multilayered structures.
At this rate, the use of lcp materials reduces medium and conductivity losses and is therefore the ideal 5g antenna base material.a Clients used iphonex and iphone 8/8prus for the first time in 2017 to replace pl. According to the Director of Molecular Design and Polymerization Research at the Institute of Technology and Research, lcp has a lower ingestion rate, a medium constant, a loss factor, a heat inflation factor (cte) and a better degree of stability,
Gas resistance, heat transfer rates, and the properties of the reusable thermal plastic material, can be applied directly to the thermally combustible bronze, rather than to the peroxy glue. Moreover, the ccp upstream raw material, which is produced around the globe, has a greater cost advantage in terms of its essential material, but is subject to low design sophistication, and the current unit price is higher. Exactly because the lcp unit price is 10 times that of pi, and in 2019a customers are expected to cite the lower antenna mpi with the antenna lcp
Use. But we believe that, with the arrival of 5g and the maturity of the manufacturing process, the production bottlenecks in lcp will be opened and the applications will be widely available, so a customer ' s conventional antenna revenue is expected to be reduced to zero in 2021, while mobile phone ccp antenna will maintain a 45% + compound acceleration in the next three years.
The lcp antenna chain is divided into materials, soft panels, and modular links. The material chain consists of raw materials and film, with the main manufacturer being the village field: the soft-plate link, which includes the production of focl and fpc, with the main manufacturer being the village land and the co-benefits; the modular link is mainly based on the precision of Anfino and tact. 2.3.2 competitive advantage: high-precision manufacturing experience, which is expected to be the main supplier of a customer.
High-precision manufacturing experience, which is expected to be the main supplier of a client. The lcp antenna module chain has complex antenna modules and testing processes, with high barriers. We think that the company’s manufacturing experience in wireless charging and high-aerpods production can be very helpful in cutting into the field. At the same time, the lcp was first applied to the connector, and the company’s lcp has a deeper understanding, coupled with the firm’s strong science.
In 2018, Apple's new machine introduced the company as an lcp antenna supplier, and by virtue of the company's above-mentioned competitive advantage, we believe that the company will act as the main lcp antenna supplier, with a share of about 50%. Looking ahead, the company has been in the fpc field for a long time, which will facilitate its upstream expansion.
2.4 Mada: Linear motors are expected to become mainstream, a customer share is expected to continue to rise, and linear motor performance leads. Current market tactile feedback techniques include mainly three types: erm, linear resonance, and voltage transmission.
The feedback experience is not good. The lra is achieved by linear motors, a spring mass block that moves in linear motion. Linear motors have improved significantly in noise, vibration intensity, precision control, response speed, and energy consumption, compared to the rotor motors, but the production process is complex, with a single price of 8-10 apples, and a full-screen downward trend of linear motors is expected to become the dominant trend.
The earliest iPhone uses a "erm eccentric sub-electric motor" that works like a normal electric motor and uses a eccentric iron to create a vibration. As smartphones get thinner and have bad experience, long-line lra lined horses are officially used on iPhone 6/6prus, named "tapticengine." On iPhone 7 and iPhone 8, tapicengine
On iphonex, because of the use of a full screen, the screen senses the touch-by-touching engine that simulates the "click" experience. Thus, in the current state of full screen acceleration, manufacturers need to use linear motors for accurate touch feedback and good user experience.
The current tactile feedback chain includes upstream raw materials, mediumline and rotor manufacturing, and downstream manufacturing, including surrogates and terminal manufacturers. The current linear motor suppliers, mainly nidec, sonic technology, song shares and stand-up masters, are starting to provide linear motors to iphones. We believe that companies have a greater accumulation of technological experience in the field of precision manufacturing and acoustics.
The competitive advantage is expected to continue to increase the share of a client in the absence of a significant increase in the iphone linear motor specifications.
The trend of 5g is clear. By November 2018, more than half of the testing of the network of systems for the construction of the third phase of the 5g experiment had been completed, of which the nsa (non-independent network) testing had been completed, the sa (independent network) testing process had been completed in half, the full testing was expected to be completed by the end of the year, and a pre-commercial phase was expected in 2019.
On the antenna side above, one of the five g key technologies is the massivemimo and millimetre wave communication. Another key technology is the hyper-intensity network, which will form a co-ordinated macro-microstation. The next 5g network structure will be multi-storey, supporting full-frequency access, providing wide area coverage in low-frequency bands, providing high-speed wireless data access.
Covers, small stations with high frequency for heat cover and high-speed transmission. In the 5ghetnet architecture, ultra-intensity base stations became the core technology. 5g pre-construction was mainly based on base stations, which consisted mainly of bbu and radio frequency treatment units and rru, part III of the antenna. 5g base stations integrated the original antenna and rru into active antenna units aau, which reduced the original antenna and rru
These changes will result in the re-allocation of the electrical circuits inside the base station. According to the above, the 5g is based on a network model of macro stations and small stations, which is expected to lead to a new wave of base stations. According to the Said consultant, the 5g macro stations are expected to number 1.1-1.5 times the 4g base stations, and the total number of bases is expected to reach 4.75 million. The small stations cover only 10-20m, mainly in hotspot areas or higher-capacity business scenes, and are expected to be small.
The number of stations will be twice as large as the number of stations, amounting to 9.5 million. Figure 42.5g macrostations are projected to continue to grow at a high rate of traffic and data in the 5g era, and the network and architecture will be upgraded to facilitate the interconnection of components.
Country movements are forecast to reach 15g next year, and 5g network per capita monthly traffic will reach 60gb. China’s total market size for idc in 2017 was 94.61 billion yuan, representing a 32.4% growth rate in the same year, and we believe that traffic and data volumes will continue to grow at a high rate in the 5g era, and idc will continue to grow at a high rate as a hub for computing and storing.
The idc structure is also expected to shift from the free-tiertree network to the leaf-spine network structure, which will also generate demand for interconnected components. The earlier technological reserve of 3.1.1 is the “clouds end” full layout of the company’s technology reserve, the earlier “clomatic end” is the full layout.
In 2011, the company extended its operations to the communications market through the acquisition of Corton, to the supply chain of companies such as the China-and-Emmerson Network Energy, and in 2017, the full capital refinancing company Taiwan set up a new PVRD centre in Taiwan to develop high-speed light interconnection aoc (activeopticcalable, source cable). The company invested $46.5 million in research and development of high-speed light interconnection products.
The construction of a high-speed sample line development centre in San José, California, and a 256 high-speed cable development centre in the United States is conducive to attracting talent and optical communications. Currently, the company has a full-scale layout in the area of communications, with three main product lines: high-speed connectors and high-speed cable components for the main products of the interconnected product line; base station antennas, radio frequency filters for the main products of the radio frequency product line; and optical product lines, mainly aoc light cable components and light modules.
The company’s current communications end revenue of about 70% + the revenue from wired product lines, radio frequency lines, and photovoltaic lines has also been delivered in small quantities. According to the company’s annual reports, the company’s communications business has been growing at a high rate of 50% + in recent years, with 18h1 receiving at a higher rate than the growth rate of 160% +, as evidenced by the decline in the Māori ratio.
The company’s new business expansion has been smoother, because the company’s initial profits are higher for interconnected product lines, while radio and photovoltaic lines are at the customer import stage, and profits are bound to be tied to unit prices, size, and good rates, and therefore the Māori rate is lower. And the continued decline in the Māori rate indicates a gradual increase in the size of the company’s new RF and PV operations.
3.2 Motors Electronics: The domestic market is more than 100 billion, the new energy automobile development company is on the rise, and the electronic growth market for cars is huge, with domestic markets reaching $105.8 billion in 2020. As smartphones enter the stock market, we consider car electrons to be after smartphones in four ways.
Data from the China Industrial Information Network show a steady increase in the size of the global automobile electronics market in the last year, rising steadily from $145 billion in 2011 to $207 billion in 2017, with a projected increase of 5%.
By 2020, the country’s electronic car market will reach $10.58 billion, accounting for 44.08% of the world’s total. According to Bishopandassociates, cars have become the largest appliance of connectors, compared to figure 51.
3.2.1 Automobile industry solutions provider, facing two major development opportunities The company acquired 55 per cent of Fujian PV in 2012 and moved into the area of car line assembly; Germany acquired 100 per cent of the stock of suk in 13 years into the production and sale of car parts and into the BMW, Mercedes supply chain; Hong Kong, a controlling shareholder, launched a 17-year acquisition of trw worldwide
The company is now focusing on car cords and connectors, and is now in the area of automobile appliances and architecture, thus becoming a provider of solutions for the automobile industry. We believe that the company’s auto electronics business has two main opportunities: 1) the rapid growth of new energy vehicles.
Connector collaborators, coupled with patent restrictions, have made it more difficult for company connectors to penetrate traditional cars as backcomers. But, with Tesla as a proxy for transforming the traditional supply chain of new energy cars, the company ' s electronics business is expected to develop opportunities with the new ones, and now the company ' s whole line of beams has entered the international domestic supply chain of first-line new energy automobile manufacturers.
The area of charging is a customer core supplier, which provides the basis for companies to enter the new energy vehicle wireless charging technology. The company’s motor power sub-harvest grew faster in 2017, with a 76% increase in the 2018h1 battalion. We expect the company’s current revenue from car beams and connectors to be about 60%, and the company is expected to import more high-quality products in the automobile electronics sector in the future, drawing on its consumer electronics experience.
4. Connector operations: The position is strong and gradually expanded to other components and markets remains strong. Based on the business product structure chart, we have focused above on analysis of corporate apple business opportunities, as well as long-term growth space for communications and automobile-related operations. For consumer electronics and computer-end connections and connectors, although the share of the business has been small.
We believe that its market position remains stable. Figure 55. Structured corporate consumer electronics and computer-end business products are in a strong position to penetrate the beneficiary typec business on a client end.
In 2013 the company raised the market share of iphone/ipadlighting to 35% + in 2013 and three times in 2015 the company increased its share of declared-declared shares, strengthened the area of typec and cut into macbooktype; in 2016 the company cut into the iphone 3.5mm audio feeder.
a The market share of the customer connection-related business is 30% +. More importantly, the company ' s typec connector business has an absolute advantage over a customer, and the company will benefit significantly in the future if apples are widely used in iphone and ipad. 4 advantages will accelerate typec penetration. typec has the following five main advantages: 1) typec is symmetrically along, easily plugged and interfaced.
Affluence and user experience are high; 2) typeec is suitable for low voltage big current technology and is in line with fast-loaded market developments; 3) typeec transmits fast and is compatible downwards; 4) connectivity is common, making interactions easier. 5) ultra thin interfaces are consistent with equipment thinning trends. 4 factors drive the company to benefit from typec rapid penetration.
Barriers, single-portasp upgrades; 2) the company is the only continental company to be a member of the global standard-setting standard-setting for usbtypec; 3) the company ' s typec connector business has an absolute advantage over a client, with technology research and development leading; and 4) 16 years of corporate investment in an expansion project of 650 million dollars to build the type C module, where bottlenecks in the ability of the company to complete the project will be opened.
4.1.1 Connector Operations Summary: The entire business ecology starts with the connector, and the entire business ecology starts with the connector. Companies have a strong market position in consumer electronic connectors and experience in research and development techniques, which can be used as a basis for extending to other operations such as connectors, speakers and antennas. The corporate business model begins with the extension of products around a customer.
For domestic hovm brands, companies also infiltrate the connection line and connector business, and then expand to other components and modules. In the case of the typepec connection, there was a large-scale upgrade of Andre smartphones and tablets in 2015-2017.
This, in turn, effectively promotes other operations such as fast charge electrical appliances, acoustics, antennas, etc. associated with typec.
In the next three years, the company’s profitability will be significantly improved. Corporate revenue is concentrated in the consumer electronics sector, with 2018h1 cut to terminal workers anairpods, which in 17 years is expected to contribute about $2 billion to the company.
This is an increase of 0.4%, which indicates that the company’s profitability has improved, and we expect that with the 16, 17 years of new business and the volume of airpods going well, improving rates, the company’s expected gradual release over the next three years, and the company’s profitability will improve significantly. The upgrade also reflects an increase in the company’s bargaining power in the overall industrial chain.
Indeed, the overall downward trend in the turnover rate of corporate accounts payable can be seen in figure 64. Company inventories, receivables and changes in turnover. 5005, or 9.16 per cent, of the total number of corporate R & D staff for the year, an increase of 48 per cent over the same period.
The top 10 out of 232 related e-businesses. This shows that companies invest heavily in R & D, both horizontally and vertically, and that new technologies are more efficient in managing their personnel, with their per capita income growing each year. Corporate employees have increased by more than 10% per year, but their average per capita income has increased by $4.1 million per year in 2017, compared with IUF revenue of $131.78 million per person in 17 years.
Long space. Corporate business income/remuneration increases each year, indicating better management of company personnel. 6. Profit predictions and investments suggest that we divide the company into more detailed business divisions into audio components and airpods, applewatch wireless chargers and their
He, the antennas, linear motors, spk/rcv, connection lines and connectors, communications, cars, and so on, split up. Our key assumptions are, inter alia, apple cellular sales, a customer’s market share and changes, asp and changes, exchange rates, and Māori rates.
30.30 per cent of the valuation space, covered for the first time with a “highly recommended” rating. Airpods sales and typec penetration were not as high as expected, and the large client technology programme changed Xiaominging: Jiangxi Gau An, Wuhan University Media Plus Accounting Complex, currently Deputy Team Leader tmt, responsible for the media and education industry
People, four years of experience in the media sector. Continuous follow-up on cultural media and education, with a wealth of research experience in areas such as recreation, education, marketing services, publishing, etc., focusing on research and analysis of the industrial chain, working on the analysis of industrial supply and demand and the marginality of the industrial chain.