Artificial intelligence performance, continuing development of industry applications.
The corporate smart voice technology industry, which supports the layout of artificial intelligence, has a clear competitive advantage at the level of perception and cognitive intelligence. Smart voice technology is the key to human interaction, and the company, as industry leader, launched the "Speed Super Brain Plan" on August 20, 2014, which is now evident.
The staged results, which are the world’s first in many international competitions in speech synthesis, speech recognition, common sense reasoning, knowledge mapping, reading and understanding, have been used in a variety of ways in voice interaction, smart evaluation, and oral translation, and the extensive use of the evasive brain is available.
At the beginning, the Unit achieved excellent results in comparison with the depth of 300 in the field of rbm technology, bn-ivec technology, nlp technology, rnn technology, dfcnn technology.
In 2017, for the first time, A.I. was included in the Prime Minister's report on his government's work, marking the first time that A.I. had risen to the level of a national strategy, without a doubt bringing development to China as a whole in the area of A.I. We believe that companies, as superior firms in the area of A.I., will be given a great opportunity to develop.
By the end of the reporting period, the number of developers of the open platform reached 257,000 (an increase of 13.36 per cent over the same period) and services reached 3,130 million (an increase of 141.1 per cent over the same period); the total number of users (independent terminals) reached 910 million over the past 18 months.
Monthly active users amounted to 308 million (an increase of 71.1% over the same period). In mobile Internet, companies use telecommunication input and work with telecommunications operators to access the market, with more than 430 million users, more than 110 million active users, more than 40 per cent monthly coverage of incoming voice input, currently supporting up to 19 dialects; and there is a steady increase in the number of phoney voice assistants.
Long, with 16 million active users. We believe that the growing size of the platform, the users of the application and the scale of the business provides the basis for companies to further explore artificial intelligence.
The share of corporate education services and products is 30.9%, which contributes 30.3% of Māori, and is an important source of profit for the company. In 2015, our fiscal expenditure on education was 2.62 trillion dollars, or more than 4% of GDP, and 10% of the spending on education was charged to IEC, and with the launch of the 13th Five-Year Plan for Informationization of Education, it is expected that I will be able to do so in the coming years.
The country spends at least 200 billion dollars a year on information for education, and the market for information for education is huge. During the reporting period, the Department made an important breakthrough in the education sector: in May 2016, the company announced its acquisition of information on music, relying on its market position in Beijing and its client base, and the company ' s lines of education will be fully integrated into the Beijing market and improve its education.
(a) Business market occupancy: the company's “intellectual network” is currently used in more than 10,000 schools in 32 provincial districts of the country;
We believe that, as the government pays more attention to information education and develops the application landscape, technology changes to existing safeguards.
2. Report of the evaluation of the scientific expedition (002230): the acquisition of musical knowledge \triangleright, the main technological achievements of which have been widely applied in many areas, such as medical care, vehicle systems and government agencies.
On the government side, the company actively explores the use of major police and government data, which has proved to be effective.
In the area of health care, the company provides education in smart speech to more than 20 hospitals and promotes the development of smart campuses.
The clinical application of ancillary medical images is planned for the end of 2017 and will in the future be based on the accumulation of corporate-ai technology and adequate medical data resources to achieve a cognitive-based accompaniment system. In the automobile industry, the company has signed with Chiré's flag, the "Irez V" model, to become its first-tier supplier, and the "Irez V" is currently being used by users, regardless of the user.
In addition, the company's new voice-interactive products have been found in smart-house markets and smart-car-load markets. We believe that the company continues to expand its operations across industries and collects for the future.
Sustained growth provides a rich guarantee of liquidity and lays a stable foundation.iii. Profiting against profit forecasts and investment proposals, and the potential for business expansion in the education, government, medical and automobile sectors, we believe, the company's 2017 convergence.
1) M & As integration risks; 2) application of the artificial intelligence technology industry less than expected; 3) increased competition in the market; 4) significant head of the tmt group.
Hu Xing, Engineer, Ph.D., is directed to computer hardware and software systems, research on e-Telenet and fibre-optic communication. Participates in major specialized projects in several countries, with vehicle-related entrepreneurial experience, and co-authored a book entitled “Plateboard-based software design for digital control systems” to join civil securities in 2015.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,