High income growth, sustained power in the ai+ industry, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: The company has recently issued an annual announcement for 2016, with annual operating income of 3.32 billion yuan, an increase of 32.8 per cent over the previous year, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 480 million yuan, an increase of 13.9 per cent;
The team leader of the Chinese-language interactive technical standards team supported and participated in the development of a number of national, international, and industry standards. During the reporting period, he was crowned in a number of international competitions, including bc, chime, wsc, and nistac.
There are 250,000 partners and companies working together. There are a lot of resources, with national policy advantages, and there are many advantages to doing business. Big data and information security make it difficult for international manufacturers to operate, and companies, as leaders of the country's ai industry, have a clear competitive advantage in the market, which we think is not.
In the next three years, companies will remain at the top of the market. Core technology leads the market, with revenues and rapid growth in scale. Companies have always maintained international excellence in the areas of speech synthesis and speech recognition.
During the reporting period, the company’s businesses grew rapidly, the education industry took advantage of the policy, and the 1520 campaign was launched, and intelligent classrooms were expected to become important growth points in the education sector. The government, the car, and the passenger services industry continued to break through, with the aui vehicle, the Xiaoman robot, and market expansion.
Rapidly, the medical sector actively deploys an auxiliary diagnostic system, working together with more than 20 hospitals to promote intelligent medicine. Flight platforms and consumer products have reached a monthly rate of 310 million, an increase of 71.1% compared to the previous year, and mobile Internet and smart family products have remained at the forefront of the industry.
It is the firm’s stable market leadership in the area of perception and the success of its major operations that we believe will continue to grow at a high rate in the main business market in the next three years.
With an increase of 84.1%, R & D funding amounted to 710 million, a 22.8% increase in the same year, and the company accumulated a huge amount of money in the 'i ' field, and the education sector has for many years grown, and the network of intellectuals has infiltrated more than 10,000 schools, covering more than 15 million students and teachers.
At a distance, maintaining a greater competitive advantage; in the field of health care, working with a number of hospitals, in the context of image-processing techniques, the circulation of a unit (million shares) is on the basis of maturity, and obtaining large medical data is conducive to the company's further development of image-recognition technology.
We believe that companies have a clear competitive advantage in terms of technology thresholds and data acquisition thresholds, while firms have a strong incentive to invest in R & D, because we predict that their R & D outcomes are expected to reach a new income growth point in the last three years.
The assumption is that, given that educational products and services already have a stronger platform base, the year 2017 plans to explore personalized learning, counselling services and intelligent classroom products and are expected to become new profit growth points.
Assumption 2: the company has not yet made a profit in the field of medical ai and the technology associated with image processing is now relatively well developed in the industry, this time working with more than 20 hospitals to obtain medical data will facilitate the company's efforts in image processing and intelligence medicine.
The relevant application is on the ground, so assuming that, over the next three years, the company is well on track in research and development for medical applications and that the product will be marketed, that the market for the product is an exploratory period, that the market space is huge and that the demand for the product is strong, so let's assume that there's a substantial technological breakthrough in the area of computer literacy, so let's assume that the company has a human interaction.
(b) On the assumption that there will be no significant change in the company's three rates and that the system integration operation will remain stable, based on the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company's sub-operational income for 2017-2019 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.