A steady growth in operating income, multi-area application, SAS (002230) annual report, 2016.
The company has continued to strengthen its research and development investment in the “Speech Brain Project” with the objective of “thinking from hearing to understanding,” and has achieved international leadership in the fields of perception, cognitive intelligence, and the combination of both.
As a result, high technical barriers have been built for companies to compete in the market. In the field of perception intelligence, the company's highest international speech-synthesis competition, blizzardchallenge, and the fourth international multi-channel speech separation and recognition of Eastern financial and intellectual resources.
In the field of cognitive intelligence, the company gained first place in the common-sense reasoning contest, 2016, and in the international knowledge mapping contest, and was the first to propose a new technology framework and achieve the best test effect on machine reading understanding, while publishing the first Chinese reading understanding test series in the industry, leading Chinese cognitive intelligence.
Research directions; in the areas where both are combined, the company’s voice-interactive products have been scaled up, and smart measurement and speech-translation techniques are leading the industry to a practical level. Results have created higher technical barriers to companies’ market competition in the area of artificial intelligence, opening up market space for companies in new business expansion.
The company’s artificial intelligence products are at the forefront of the educational landscape, and \triangleright has built a system of intelligent educational products that combines “smart tests, smart campuses, intelligent classrooms, intelligent learning.”
Of the 911 million yuan in products and services received, or 27.44 per cent, an increase of 34.28 per cent, and a Maori rate of 55.71 per cent. Of these, the company ' s intellectual network has further increased its reach and depth throughout the country, reaching more than 10,000 schools in the country ' s 32 provincial districts, benefiting more than 15 million teachers and students; intelligent classroom products have reached thousands of schools throughout the country and are expected to grow in the company ' s education industry and increase in the Māori industry.
In addition to education, companies have enhanced the deployment of artificial intelligence products in areas such as government, automobiles, passenger services, medical care, mobile networking, etc. In the government, the pilot public security super-brain solution based on police data has proved to be effective, and the Smart City Management Cloud platform has become a tool for artificial intelligence to improve the management of government services;
In the area of automobiles, the company has officially published the alum car-mounted system fly-fish assistant, working to build a leading brand for the car smart interactive system; in the area of passenger service, the company has released the first intelligent interactive Xiaoman intelligent passenger-service robot in the world, the results of which have been integrated into the super-brain phase, and pilot applications have been launched in the financial sector, such as in the construction of silver shops, emblem banks, etc.; in the area of medical care, the company has been active in setting up intelligent voice, medical images, cognitive-based measurements.
In the three main areas of the auxiliary diagnostic system, the telecommunication smart voice system is used in more than 20 hospitals, including 301 hospitals, the Riggin hospital, the Beijing University Oral Hospital, and the Anhui Provincial Hospital; in the mobile Internet area, the company ' s telecommunication open platform developers reached 257,000 (an increase of 308 million people per month (an increase of 71.1 per cent per month); the total number of users of the telecommunication input method exceeds 430 million, and the number of active users exceeds 110 million.
As corporate AI products are scaled up in smart cities, smart cars, smart medicine, mobile connectivity, etc., the future company’s products are expected to spread across all aspects of people’s lives, driving companies’ performance to continue to improve. As a leader in the area of artificial voice recognition in the country, the company further expands its market space with technological leadership and brand advantage.
Rapid growth of business; accelerated deployment of artificial intelligence applications for industry, less than expected, in areas such as company layout education, government, automobiles, medical care, mobile Internet; and the sources of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
In 2012, the Chinese Stock Exchange Award was the top ten prizes (seventh place).
“Seller Institution's Profit Forecasting and Accurate Real Estate Industry Third in the Year.” Ph.D. in Computer System Structure, Institute of Computing, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics.
Research areas such as finance, artificial intelligence, and sub-units.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies