I've got a low profit on the input, an artificial intelligence student, an accelerated build-up.
The company’s operating income continued to grow at a high rate, but net profits continued to grow at a low rate since 2015, with net profits rising at a negative rate after deduction. Of the non-recurrent gains and losses, $128 million contributed to the government, and $113 million contributed to fair value changes caused by the combination of profits and losses.
Under this, the increase in the Māori rate is mainly due to the initial scale effect of the company ' s educational products and services, which is the main reason for the low profit rate, a 72.78 per cent increase in sales costs on a year-on-year basis, a sales rate of 72.78 per cent on a year-on-year basis, an artificial intelligence base of technology and accelerated ecosphere construction.
By the end of 2016, the number of developers of the OSS stood at 257,000, an increase of 1336.6 per cent over the same year; services amounted to 3,130 million per day, an increase of 141.1 per cent over the same year; and the number of stand-alone terminals reached 910 million, an increase of 71.1 per cent over the same period for monthly active households.
The potential area maintains the advantage of data size, and the corporate-centred artificial intelligence ecosystem is accelerating construction, while the company further explores digital advertising based on platform flow resources to generate $8.85 million in revenue, a 5.7-fold increase. In 2017, artificial intelligence was first incorporated into government jobs.
Report that, at the same time, the SWITCH platform is on the list of major projects to be supported by the new generation of information infrastructure and the Internet+. We expect that artificial intelligence will gain a significant policy bias this year, and that the SWIFT platform, as a priority, is expected to continue its flow.
□ Application scenes are blooming, educational business is beginning to grow into harvest time
In the field of education, the company has been taking a market seat since 2015 under the model of “Application of free promotion + value-added operational clothing” and the “1520” project, which was launched in August 2016 with the goal of investing $1 billion in outreach channels, has been used in 10,000 schools throughout the country by the end of 2016.
Thousands of schools achieve normal applications. As can be seen from the significant increase in the level of Māori in educational products and services, the IQN has gradually entered the harvest period after its initial large-scale investment, and in 2017 it is expected that business income and Māori rates will grow rapidly.
□ Profit predictions and investment proposals for policy benefits will accelerate the construction of the company'sai ecosystem, the ai+ landscape is gradually entering the harvest period, large-scale inputs are coming to an end, performance flashes are approaching, and the company is “buying”
Financial statement projections are defined as follows: No rating - not available because the necessary information cannot be obtained, or because the company faces significant uncertainties in terms of unforeseen results, or for other reasons - for a period of 12 months from the date of publication of the present report.
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.