Equity incentives are tied to depth, faster artificial intelligence, more than 70 million restricted shares, about the company's current equity capital.
The company previously implemented the Equity Incentive Award programme in 2011 and 2015, respectively, and the second phase of the Incentive in 2011 awarded an unprecedented incentive of 9.5 million shares to 211 persons, representing the current equity of the company.
1.19% of the total. This third phase of the equity incentive programme is intended to award 70 million shares to the incentive audience, bringing the number of incentives to 948, including company directors, middle and senior managers, and core technicians.
□ Accelerating the landing of artificial intelligence applications using revenue growth as a key indicator This equity incentive scheme is conditional on the release of a limited sales period, based on operating income in 2016, with 2017 above the average for industry leading enterprises reflecting the company ' s ability to earn income under the new strategic plan
The company expects to take advantage of the opportunities of the artificial intelligence industry in ensuring the advancement of its “supremely” strategy, increase investment in core technology research and development, and provide quick artificial intelligence industry layout and applications to the ground through equity incentives.
□ The strategic layout of artificial intelligence is clear and industry applications are fast-tracked to expect. In response to the current strategic opportunity window period for artificial intelligence, the company has developed a business strategy to scale up the strategic layout of artificial intelligence, concentrating resources on forward-looking research in the area of artificial intelligence.
Business strategy focus to ensure international leadership and rapid growth in the size of users of core technologies; innovative applications for free extension and value-added operations in priority applications such as education and parenting
Innovative models of services, actively market-based, laying a solid foundation for sustained and healthy growth in the company’s medium- and long-term business performance.
The strategic layout of good corporate AI technology in priority applications such as education, automobiles, public safety, and medical care, and the exploration of cognitive intelligence have enhanced its leading position in the area of artificial intelligence, while the company's pre-emerged in technology, talent, and access has become the future.
In the 12-month period from the date of this report, the equity (or industry index) is defined as follows: No rating - it is not possible to obtain the necessary information, or the company is faced with a significant uncertainty of unpredictable results, or for other reasons it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.