Artificial intelligence is expected to explode, industry leads the way, science majors fly, income increases, research and development investments continue to be high: corporate collections during the reporting period.
The growth rate of 32.87% now stands at 3,322 billion yuan, of which 1,179 million were earned in the fourth quarter, significantly higher than the average of the previous three quarters.
In 2017, for the first time, artificial intelligence was recorded in government reports, and the industry is expected to enter the fast track of development.
Cognitive intelligence and interactive fields are far ahead. In 2016, the company achieved its first best in a number of events, such as speech separation and identification, attempts at reasoning, and knowledge mapping. Through the televised brain project, the company is in the process of doing so.
The depth of the combination of image recognition and speech recognition, semantic understanding, etc., is expected.
In the education sector, which is a priority for the company, the company has completed the acquisition of 100 per cent of its shareholding in Beijing and completed the stock change process in December 2016, and is expected to grow in the future in the field of information in education.
Development, while corporate smart classroom products are expected to be an important source of growth for the education sector and Māori. Others include the government sector, the automobile industry, the customer service industry, the medical industry, etc., companies have made great progress, and social services management information platforms have been developed.
Covering 20 municipalities in 8 provinces, major breakthroughs have been made with vehicle system assistants, mobile passenger service with China, and smart voice systems have been used in more than 2 billion yuan. The company’s open platform and consumer products are in terms of number of users, coverage, etc.
With rapid upswings, incomes are expected to grow rapidly.  The incentives are constantly improving, looking forward to future growth: the company has introduced key talent for future performance growth by bringing in those who have completed the priority directions during the reporting period.
The project has begun to build a professional firm in the form of “Corporate Holdings, Team Leaders” to motivate business people to look forward to a sustained build-up of technology and an upsurge in performance in the priority areas of the company in the future.