Company evaluation report  Insurance industry nbv pressurized, 21 years of improved performance with certainty, China Peace (601318.sh)
The company achieved business income of $301.245 billion in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 9.1 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the return was $40.58 billion, an increase of 101.91 per cent in the same year.
The spread of the epidemic has affected the downside of agents and the purchasing power of clients, the Nbv drop has been affected by the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the company ' s downside of traditional agents has been hampered, the customer ' s purchasing power has been weakened, and high-value long-term guaranteed operations have been hit.
The life and health insurance operation Nbv.4975 billion, a 34.7 per cent decline from the previous three quarters. As of the end of December 2020, the number of company personal life insurance agents stood at 102,338 million.
This represents a decrease of 22.9 per cent over the same period and an increase of 5.5 per cent over the previous 5.5 per cent in the amount of $28,58,854 million in income from the realization of the original insurance premium, of which 1961.51 million, or 0.9 per cent over the same period, was earned from the realization of the insurance premium for the vehicle insurance operation, and 68.62 per cent from the non-car insurance plus the accident and health insurance operation, $8,703 million.
Increased impact of cost changes in vehicle insurance, with combined production insurance rates of 99.1 per cent, an increase of 2.7 percentage points over the same period; combined insurance cost of 111 per cent, an increase of 17.4 percentage points over the same period; high-quality asset liability management, active response to lower interest rate challenges, and continued increase in the number of partner countries
Tax-exempt bonds, such as debt, local government debt, and long-term, low-risk bonds, such as policy-based financial debt, contribute to long-term asset lengths. At the same time, companies actively seize opportunities for equity market volatility as a result of the epidemic, and are flexible about equity investment operations to generate investment returns.
• Optimization of the São Paulo Bank liability business, sustained improvement in asset quality by low- and middle-income provisions
In 2020, companies achieved net non-interest income of $53,892 million, an increase of 12.3% over the previous year, driven by growth in business, trade finance, and bond underwriting. Companies increased their collection of non-performing loans.
By the end of 2020, the company ' s non-performing lending rate recommended an increase in the company ' s focus on opening doors in 2021, driven by a low base, a strong proximate workforce and a gradual increase in the value of the transition.
Long-term certainty. Happiness debt defaults have limited impact on corporate investment exposure. We continue to look at the future prospects of the company, combining the company's fundamentals and equity elasticity, and maintain that “I promise to present this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.