\triangleright price ratio is slightly lower, production or sales equal to q1. Price side:  price q2 average price ring \triangleright
The projected market price for q2 oxidium/metal thallium is $91.11 million/tonne, calculated as a proportion of sales at a 7 to 3 market price for the same increase, and the overall non-taxed sale price for q2 oxidium /metal thallium is $746.909,000/t, an increase of 58.0 to 56.2 per cent for the same year and a decrease of 3.3 to 3.5 per cent for the ring.
At the end of the supply: the domestic rare earth quota is based on \triangleright.
1. Northern rare earth (600111.sh) event review: rare earth demands more flowers. Double carbon policy drives the introduction of more energy-efficient rare earth-to-magnetizers, new energy, higher mineral prices, and cost advantages.
Source cars and energy-efficient generators are approaching a fast-growing period of gold, which will significantly boost the demand for rare earth magnets. We expect a global supply and demand gap of 6767 tons in 2022, with a supply and demand gap of 8.3 per cent.
Evidently, companies have entered into low-cost ore agreements with steel packs to purchase raw materials at a lower ore price than the market price, although the price of the ore rose in the second half of the year, with an advantage over the current market price of $70,000/t for untaxed ore ore ore (55,000/tonne, equivalent to 70 per cent reo).
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: Companies continue to grow in terms of production and sales, while costs remain somewhat superior to market prices, while listings tend to be stable and profitability is more certain. As a rare-earth tap, it is possible to benefit from the rare-earth industry \triangleright
The methodology and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, is independent and objective, and is responsible for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.