Mid-2022 Reported performance improvement, with a significant increase in the second half of the year in non-ferrous metals, and a 54 per cent increase in net profit from mothers in the first half of the year. In the first half of 2022, due to epidemics, market sentiment, etc.
The price of the rare earth shows a “m”-type trend, but the average price has risen significantly. The company’s listing price has remained at $81-820,000 per ton, raising the volume price, leading to a significant increase in performance.
The raw material used for the production of rare earth concentrates is the tailings of the 52-week maximum/lowest price after-mining of the White Cloud Obo, the iron ore selection process is cost-contributed, and the supply of resources is stable.
The price of past ore deals has a clear advantage over the market price. Prior to the agreement, the price of rare ore was adjusted to $26,887.20 per tonne (dry) without taxes as of 1 January 2022.
Corporate indicators have grown significantly and are growing significantly. In recent years, as demand from the rare lands has grown at a rapid rate, the stock-control indicators have also increased, and companies, as industry leaders, have been able to build on the resources of the Bai Yunbo mine.
In 2022, the Northern rare earth mining index stood at 60210 tons and already accounted for 74.2 per cent of the country's total land extraction target. In addition, in order to strengthen the industrial chain and increase the value added of products, companies continued to accelerate industrial “upgrading chain” efforts.
In the medium-to-long term, the trend in motor motorization has been determined that new energy vehicles are marketed in the Northern rare earth (600111.sh)-premise pricing, and companies still have the resources to develop rapidly and generate a significant increase in demand for rare earth.
Fields are widely used, leading to rare earth consumption that cannot be ignored. Moreover, with the commercialization of human robots, the Northern rare earth (600111.sh) - industry poles, steady growth - 2022-04-15, the Northern rare earth - 600111 - major events are fast being evaluated: fine mineral prices fall and performance increases can be achieved.
The process is accelerating, and the future is expected to be another important growth point in the consumption of rare earth permagnets. The rare earth industry is supplied by the three-quarterly review of the Northern rare earth-600111-2021: the permagnetic industry is better laid, rare, domestic extraction smelting is strictly regulated by quotas, and we expect it to be complete under the assumption of robust growth in supply.
The persistent supply and demand gap in spherical hydrogenification supports the price of rare earths effectively. The Northern rare earth - 600111 - 2021 mid-point assessment: resource advantages, performance growth, corporate mining quotas are growing at a slower rate than expected.
Investment proposals: The rare earth value is being revalued as the demand for magnets erupts. Companies, as industry leaders, have a strong source of capital, and quotas continue to grow. Given the significant growth in the company’s second batch of indicators, we have changed upwards, with prices showing a “m”-type trend, but the average has risen significantly.
At the level of $81.820,000 per ton, volume increases led to a significant increase in performance. Business income increased by 53.60% in the first half of the year. Business income was 10.319 billion yuan in the second quarter, or 5.19% in the ring; it was attributed to a stable supply of resources with a cost advantage.
In the structure of the industrial chain, the rare earth in the north is not selected, and the rare earth concentrates in the raw material are purchased from the shares in the steel packs. The raw material used for the production of the rare earth concentrates is white clouds.
As a result of the mineral extraction of Obo, the tailings of the iron ore were spread out at a cost and the supply of resources was stable, and the company regularly entered into a rare earth ore supply contract with the steel-packing stock, taking into account the price of the rare earth market, taking into account the market price of the rare soil carbonate and the average profit of the industry, taking into account the market price of the rare earth carbonate, and taking into account the average profit of the industry.
The price of rare earth concentrates was adjusted to $26,887.20 per ton without taxes (dry volume, re0 = 51%). At the end of June, the company issued a price-fixing announcement but failed to pass through the Shareholder Assembly.
Table 1: Contracts for the supply of rare earth concentrates. Corporate indicators have increased significantly and have grown significantly. In recent years, as demand for rare earth has grown at a rapid rate, so has the total amount of rare earth. Control indicators have continued to grow.
On August 17, 2022, the Ministry of Industry and Communications released the second batch of rare earth mining, smelting and smelting for 2022, the aggregate rare earth mining and smelting and smelting aggregate control targets were 210,000 tons and 202,000 tons respectively, an increase of 25 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period. The northern batch of rare earth mining targets were 60210 tons and 81440 tons, respectively, respectively.
In addition, in order to strengthen the advantages of the industrial chain and increase the value added of products, companies continue to accelerate their efforts to move into the industrial “uplink chain” and to achieve new achievements in the fields of magnetic materials, waste recycling, etc.
Consider the long-term development of the rare earth industry. As a third generation of rare earth-long magnetic materials, the iron bobble is the best, most integrated magnetic material available. In the medium- and long-term, the trend of motor motorization has been determined that the rapid growth of new sources of energy and cars has led to a significant increase in demand for rare earth. And, with energy-saving reduction, the long-term magnetizers have become the best.
In June 2022, six departments, including the Ministry of Technology and Communications, issued an Action Plan for Industrial Energy Efficiency Improvement, which proposes the implementation of actions to improve energy efficiency, with more than 70% of new efficient energy-saving power plants in 2025.
The commercialization of robots is accelerating, and the future is expected to be another important growth point in the consumption of rare earth permagnets. The supply of rare earth industries is well organized, domestic mining smelting is strictly regulated by quotas, and, under the assumption of robust growth in supply, we anticipate a long-term supply and demand gap in global oxidation, which effectively supports rare earth prices.
Figure 5: Listed prices for company rare earth products (millions per ton) Figure 6: Prices for oxidation and oxidation (millions per ton)
In view of the significant growth in the company's second set of indicators, the authors have assured that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.