In the middle of 2022, the North's rare earth (600111) reported steady progress and high corporate performance in the first half of 2022.
In terms of production, rare earth salts are equal to +15.30%, magnetic materials are equal to +55.15%, research assistant: Xuzheng, polishing materials are equal to +8.35%. In terms of profitability, the first six months of the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate are:
The second set of rare earth indicators continues to tilt toward the northern plains, with a strong corporate quota advantage. Currently, the Ministry of Technology and Communications and the Ministry of Natural Resources have issued two sets of rare earth mining and smelting-smelting-separated total control indicators for 2022. Compared to the previous year, the 2022 target for minerals increased from 168,000 tons to 210,000 tons, an increase of 42,000 tons (both).
The overall indicator continues to tilt toward the rare lands of the North, showing that companies have sufficient mineral resources and know-how to exploit the smelting technology to lay the foundation for their future performance. By cutting off networks, projects are being built, and the competitive advantage of the entire industrial chain is being consolidated.
Source-based, smelting-smelting-based, new materials-based, end-oriented industrial structures, integrated up-to-and-down development of rare soils, building industry-led whole-to-industry competitive edges. 2022h1, the company launched a project to expand 9,000 tons of rare-earth polished powder produced annually by China and the United States;
Green smelting upgrading project; completion of the Gansu rare earth extraction redevelopment project, relocation of the Qi Boringi Project Project Project Master Project: new company with Qingdao Chut to build a rare earth permanence and efficiency electric power project; acquisition of rare earth waste assets from the East and Magnetic industries by its subsidiary, Shintun Nie, and expansion of the company's waste recycling product
Yes. The company’s network is building priorities and consolidating its competitive advantages in the entire industrial chain. Investment advice: the company has an absolute advantage in mineral resources, raw material costs, rare earth quotas, etc., and is now integrated on and downstream of the rare earth, with many land-in-possession projects moving forward smoothly, and companies will continue to operate in the future.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.