In mid-2022, it was reported that the rare earth dragon had a steady head, a steady head, a steady head, a 2022h1, the company ' s rare earth business had achieved a substantial increase in volume and a steady overall development.
In terms of volume, in 2022, the Ministry of Trade and Finance’s first volume control indicator for rare earth mining increased by 20%, with companies accounting for 67.4% of the total, and the company became a central beneficiary against a background of light earth price increases. Prices on the product side, looking at the trend of light earth prices in recent years, have risen to one with the rise of new energy industries in downstream terminals.
In Shanghai, for example, the price of light and rare earth has risen, and data from Shanghai show that 2022h1 kilograms of metal/polymides are present at an average taxable price of 117.8/956,000 yuan per tonne (+86 per cent/+88 per cent for the same year). Under the background of the increase in the price of light and rare earth, the company returns to record high levels for six months. However, since 2022, the price of light and rare earth has swollen since the beginning of the year.
Rewinding, the average price of 2022q2 grammes of metal/zoo oxides was 111.4.910 million yuan/tons, and the ring price was 5.2 per cent per quarter, mainly due to a 20.4 per cent increase in the production of rare earth-based magnetic/ polished materials with a higher value added, respectively,/ the effect of a long-term incremental increase in the price of rare earth in the north was announced in June 2022.
Re-engaged with the steel-packing stock on the rare earth ore supply contract, with a price of $39,189/tonne free of taxes from 1 July 2022 (dry volume, reo = 50 per cent), after the parties agreed to adjust the price to $26,887.20/t free of taxes from 1 January 2022. Although the bill was ultimately not considered by the Shareholder Assembly, the cost side changed.
The market is concerned by the uncertainty of movement. However, the logic of the medium- and long-term increase in corporate rare earth products remains unchanged: with regard to the rare earth mass control indicator, in August 2022, the Ministry of Technology issued the second series of total control indicators, and the two pre-2022 batches of combined rare earth mining, smelting and smelting aggregate control targets were 210,000 tons, 202,000 tons (+25.0 per cent, respectively, +25.0 per cent, respectively).
+24.7 per cent, slightly exceeding the 20 per cent annual increase expected in the overall volume control target of previous years, while the Northern rare earth indicators increased the quota for all young rare earth mining by 6.8 pcts to 74.2 per cent, the market share increased further, and the company ' s leading position in our country and indeed at the end of the global rare earth resources was unquestionable;
Profitability of products continues to improve: in terms of profitability of products, the Māori rate/net interest rate for sales by 2022h1 was equal to +2.42 pcts/+2.68 pcts to 26.8 to 17.8 per cent, overall improvement in profitability was mainly due to price increases for rare earth products, partial improvement in product structure (same sales of rare earth magnetic materials + 27.2 per cent) and the climate of end demand.
For the single quarter, the Māori rate for company q2 sales was 24.9% (a decline of 3.87 pcts for the ring), mainly attributable to the decline in the average price of the rare earth by the second quarter; and a decline of 1.57 pcts to 17.1% for the net interest rate by 2022q2
Financial data: 2022h1 company ' s financial cost rate decreased by 0.60 pcts on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the increase in corporate exchange gains. Net cash flows from corporate operations increased by 43 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to a significant increase in the prices of light and rare earth.
(b) The vertical extension of the industrial chain and the competitive advantage of the whole chain are highlighted by the fact that companies have been involved in a variety of types of marginality in recent years through vertical business extensions.
In order to facilitate the transformation of the company’s rare earthy products into end-high-value-added applications, corporate profitability is expected to increase as the product structure is optimized. 2022h1, the company has initiated a project to expand 9,000 tons of rare earth polishing powder produced annually by Qingmi.
The company buys assets from rare earth waste in the East and Magnetic industries and expands the company’s waste recycling capacity. The resource advantages available, the scientific advantages and the full-chain advantages will effectively construct the company’s integrated competitive barriers in the rare earth industry, moving down the industry chain.
(b) Investment proposals: As companies at the end of their rare earth resources, steady growth in light earth quotas will continue to boost their overall performance, while the vertical extension of the company's industrial chain will improve the product structure, and profitability is expected to improve further.
The demand for materials is lower than expected and the impact of the new crown epidemic is higher than expected.
Figure 5 Single-quarter financial data The new material team for Chinese air securities: specializes in new materials and macrocycle studies, building on the strong industrial background of the Chinese air industry group, focusing on new aviation materials and gradually expanding to new energy materials, light-quantified materials, etc., to form track-based industry chain coverage and tracking, focusing on integration, forming a second-tier market synergy at the operational level.
This report is not intended for citizens or residents of any area, country, or other jurisdiction in which China Securities Company Ltd. and its associated companies have violated local laws or regulations or could subject Chinese securities to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, acquiring or using this report. The copyrights of the material in this report are Chinese securities unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report shall not be made available to any other person by any means, or by means of a copy of the material, contents or copies thereof; they shall not be made available to you for reference purposes other than as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or an invitation to another person.