The return of the titanium-dithium-dwelling kings, which are expected to grow over time Investment rating: buy-in (first time) q4 performed less than expected mainly in relation to gains, losses and reservoirs.
Less than expected, mainly: 1) losses and losses of $783 million resulting from the liquidation of subsidiaries + fines; 2) decline in sales and accumulated effects of about $637 million. Under the high price stance of 22q1 potassium fat and lithium salt, stocks provide sufficient security for the performance of q1 and add 22 years of blue lithium.
Lithium carbonate production is expanding, and the industry's Beta and Salt Lake's own alpha will contribute to higher demand and supply constraints, and potassium fertilizer operations are on the verge of rising prices.
Canada, Belarus, and Russia are rich in potassium resources, which together account for more than 60%; and we are relatively scarce in potassium mines, which are dominated by liquid potassium resources. The high concentration of resources leads to monopolistic competition for potassium fertilizer, and regional mismatches in supply and demand.
In China, import dependence is high. Potassium fertilizers are slowly released, supply is tight; the agricultural product cycle leads to a potassium fertilizer cycle, large contract prices are constantly rising, and potassium fertilizer is priced at a very high price.
Qualitative resources are the leading industry in the development of salt lakes in the country, the leading producer of potassium fertilizer in the country; the production industry is advanced, with Maori leading the country. Supply and demand constraints raise the unit price, and potassium fertilizer operations rise. Lithium prices are high, and quality resources + mature processes realize productive capacity.
Low-cost productive capacity expands and the adsorption process delivers resource advantage. 1) Resource advantage. Companies rely on the Salt Lake of Charkhan, which emits 200,000 to 300,000 tons of old halochlorinated lithium annually, and the Salt of Charkhan, where the combined lithium salt production is 40,000 tons, of which the Lumco industry accounts for 30,000 tons, the country's number one.
The development of lithium carbonate operations provides a resource guarantee. 2) Technical advantages. The Blue Lithium industry is the first to break through the salt-absorbing lake-dithium method, which matures the process, and captures the key technology for extracting lithium salt from low lithium-based water with magnesium. 3) Cost advantages. Rich resources + advanced technologies contribute to the low cost of the Blue Lithium industry.
The expansion of production capacity, coupled with well-developed mining infrastructure, the stability of the process, and the support of the potassium fertilizer business, the “cash cow,” is suitable for a large-scale lithium production industry. The benefits of potassium lithium are high, with companies accumulating mature lows based on high-quality resources from Charkhan and years of deep cultivation.
The prices of potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate are not as high as the expected risks; the planned expansion of lithium carbonate is not as high as the expected risks; policy risks such as ecological environmental protection; and the inefficient operation of corporate management is not as high as the expected risks.
1q4 shows less than expected major losses and sales effects The net profit impact on q4 q4 was $783 million on profit events such as subsidiary bankruptcy and fines, which was the most significant reason for the decline in q4 q4. The company announced three major loss and loss events in the fourth quarter, and the nitrate industry went bankrupt.
Illegal mining and ecological damage in Salt Lake have had an impact on performance of 600 million yuan, 72 million yuan and 111 million yuan, totalling 783 million yuan. The actual net profit of q4 after deduction of the gain or loss is 1,148 million yuan, with a decline in the average sales of potassium q4 q4 and lithium carbonate.
qoq-20%; sales of 81 tonnes, qoq-33%. Lithium carbonate yields 6,400 tonnes, qoq-18%; sales of 4,200 tonnes, qoq-44%. The large decline in the sales ring ratio resulted in a significant accumulation of stocks, based on performance forecasts for sales throughout the year. Data show that 370,000 tonnes of potassium fat and 3,500 tonnes of lithium carbonate are currently available.
According to our calculations, the actual operating profit of q4 is approximately $1,204 million, which is similar to the $1148 million that the forecast data add up to the gain or loss; the impact of the calculation on performance is 637 million yuan, plus 1,841 million yuan, so that the decline in sales and the accumulation also has some impact on q4 performance.
Some of the assumptions in the calculation are as follows: 1) potassium fertilizer operations: unit cost of $3190/t, full cost of $1,200/t, single ton of profits of $1,200/t; 2) lithium salt operations: unit cost of $185,000/t, full cost of $35,000/t, single ton of profits of $110,000/t.
As can be seen from the above analysis, 21q4 performance is less than expected to have a real impact on the company ' s production and operations, and less than expected is mainly the fact that 1) the losses and losses of $783 million resulting from the liquidation of subsidiaries + fines; 2) the impact of slips and reservoirs on sales is about 637 million. Under the high prices of 22q1 potassium fat and lithium salt, banks are on the other hand.
The performance of q1 provides sufficient assurance that the 22-year increase in lithium carbonate production in the blue lithium industry, and the industry's Beta and Salt Lake will drive the company's own alpha to a higher level of performance.2 Supply and demand are tight and potassium fertilizer operations are on the rise.
2.1 Resources are the best and the supply and demand of potassium salt tends to support higher prices, with more than 60 per cent of the total amount of potassium in Canada, Belarus and Russia. According to usgs, the global stockpile of potassium salt in 2020 was 3.7 billion tons (in k2o).
In Europe, North America, etc., it is highly concentrated in Canada (30%), Belarus (20%) and Russia (16%), which together account for 66% of the total. Our potassium mines are relatively scarce, mainly in liquid potassium resources. Our potassium resources are relatively scarce, and geological reserves have been identified.
About 1 billion tons, distributed mainly in Qinghai, Tibet, and Yunnan; 98% of salt deposits in salt lakes, concentrated in modern salt lakes such as the Qinghai Zaida River Basin and Xinjiang Robpo, where the Qarkhan mines are the largest deposits identified by the country. China’s potassium resources are dominated by liquid potassium, which accounts for 99%; and solid potassium salt not only has low reserves.
Potassium fertiliser is a major nutrient fertilizer in China. Potassium fertiliser is typically 0.2-4.1% of dry matter in plants, second only to nitrogen, and plays a role in plant growth and development.
The demand for potassium fertilizer is therefore high in major agricultural countries such as China, Brazil and the United States, which are the largest producers of potassium fertilizer in the world, accounting for 24 per cent of the total, yet production of potassium fertilizer is only 12 per cent, supply and demand are a regional mismatch, and the external dependence of potassium fertilizer in major agricultural countries is generally high, with our dependence on potassium fertilizer imports remaining above 50 per cent in 2020, and East Asia is still dependent on more than 50 per cent.
And most countries in South-East Asia are even 100% dependent on potassium fertilizer imports. Figure 6 Our potassium fertilizer self-sufficiency rate, with a high concentration of resources, has led to monopolistic competition for potassium fertilizer supplies.
The North American Canpotex Alliance, Russians, Belarusians, etc., which is made up of Canadian and United States manufacturers, has a monopoly of more than 60% of the world’s potassium fertilizer, with the global potassium fertilizer industry producing 59% cr in 2020, and the oligarchs taking the initiative in international potassium fertilizer trade pricing. China’s resource-type potassium fertilizer is concentrated in salt lakes, and in salt lakes.
In the past five years, the world's potassium fertilizer capacity has been only 3.6 per cent.
Ifa is expected to increase global potassium fertility to approximately 6,996 million tonnes (k2o) by 2024, or 2.4% for cagr. The main reasons for this low increase are the additional difficulties associated with greenfield projects, which are not as fast as expected. Greenfield projects require high time and capital, for example, 2 million tonnes of potassium chloride, including the individual cost of greenfield projects for infrastructure development.
Up to $3.851 billion, which will take seven years to build. The time and capital required to build new potassium fertilizer capacity are often underestimated, leading to lower-than-expected yields. Second, the expansion of palm land projects is uncertain. Because of problems such as high operating capacity, short storage life and expensive management of halogenated water, existing palmland projects are in danger of closing down and old depleted mines.
The mountains are closing down gradually, with a partial exit of capacity. Between 2014-2016, six potassium mines were closed in North America, with a combined yield of 2.25 million tons, and between 2017-2022, the world ' s potassium fertilizer determined capacity exited at 2.4 million tons, with a limited capacity growth and a tight supply pattern.
The agricultural cycle leads to a potassium fertilization cycle, with potassium fertilization rising at a very high price. The main demand for potassium fertilization is in the field of food cultivation, which is also expected to lead to the demand for potassium fertilization. We believe that the per capita area of cultivated land that supports the agricultural product into a high velocity cycle is reduced, stimulating the increase in the use of potassium fertilization per crop to meet the demand for food.
Since March 2020, the price of crude oil has continued to rise continuously since the bottom of the price of crude oil, and has now jumped to more than $90 per barrel. The price of crude oil has risen, and the benefits of bio-alternative energy will gradually increase.
Now, it stimulates new demand for some crops, such as maize, sugar cane, with higher prices. 3) Economic recovery has led to the restocking of agricultural products, and rising food prices have stimulated productive activity. Agricultural destocking accelerated in 2020, with both the onset of the epidemic and the weather in La Niña. As the epidemic improves and the economy recovers, in 2022.
Global food prices rebounded in January, rising 1.1% of the ring, and rising food prices stimulated productive activity, complementing agricultural stocks. According to United States Department of Agriculture data, in 2021/2022, the world’s four major grains produced a total of 2,566 million tons, with a total demand of 2,533 million tons and a remaining supply and demand balance of 2.7 million tons.
The demand for potassium fertilizer is strong and the price of large contracts is rising. Ifa projects that global demand for potassium fertilizer will be $247 per ton by 2022, an increase of $27 per ton over 2020.
The same price also affects the domestic price of potassium fertilizer, which in 2022 was 4000 yuan/tonne, up from 2021, and there is much room for future increases in the domestic price of potassium fertilizer under a demand-side pattern. Slight: demand for potassium salt is mainly based on potassium fertilizer, while demand for potassium fertilizer is mainly based on food production.
The multiple effects of higher crude oil prices and higher food prices have led to higher demand for potassium fertilizer as well. However, global potassium mineral resources are highly concentrated and unevenly distributed, and potassium fertilizer supplies are monopolized by a few giants, with limited growth. Demand increases are greater than supply, and potassium fertilizer prices are expected to continue to warm.
2.2 Technical + resource double guarantee, potassium aid is stubble and salt lake shares hold up the high-quality resources of Charkhan, a leading company in the development of our salt lake.
The largest potassium magnesium salt mine detected is also one of the world’s most famous salt lakes. The lake contains 5.4 x 108t, magnesium 4. mes10~9t, and lithium 1.2\times10~7t, all of which are the first in the country. The stocks of potassium chloride, magnesium chloride, and lithium chloride exploration are 50%, 90% and 50%, respectively.
Figure 15 Large potassium salt mines are concentrated in the Qarkhan mineral colony, where the production of salt lake shares is advanced and Maori is the country’s leading. Salt lake shares have anti-float selection-cooled potassium, solid potassium mine soaking, thermal solubility-vacuum crystallization precision potassium chloride, cold crystallization-sprawl-spinted potassium chloride, and
Refrigeration - The only technology in the world to have a full-scale potassium salt lake fertilizer production process. Advanced technological processes and high-quality resources put the Māori share of salt lake in the lead domestically, with 55.62% Māori in 2020, and 65.09% Māori in 2021H1 potassium plate sizes, far above the Tibetan, Asian and Tibetan holdings.
Potassium International, Orient Tower, Māori rate for potassium fertilizer.
The company produces 5.5775 million tons of potassium chloride and sells 644.9 million tons throughout the year, far more than the Tibetan shares, the Eastern Towers, and the Potassium International.
Figure 17 Distribution of national potassium fertility in United States dollars. The company ' s potassium fertilizer product, although slightly lower than the import price, also maintains a high growth trend, with the price of potassium fertilizer increasing gradually from $2050 per ton in January 2021 to $3190 per ton in q4, which was further raised in early 2022.
Upgraded to $3490 per ton, which significantly increased the size of the potassium fertilizer business, the price of the potassium chloride plant in the salt lake industry increased from $2050 per ton at the beginning of 21 to $3490 per ton at the beginning of 22 February.
3.1 The year of incomplete statistics on new opportunities for the production and demand of lithium plates, with global lithium resources amounting to 460 million tons of lce, 75 per cent concentrated in Bolivia, Argentina, Chile, the United States and Australia, with a combined lithium triangle in South America of up to 58 per cent, with China ranked sixth in total.
Lithium deposits are mainly divided into hard rock deposits and halogenated deposits, with salt lake-like lithium deposits accounting for about 78 per cent of the total world-wide lithium deposits, and our salt lake lithium resources account for more than 79 per cent of the country's total lithium resources, which account for about one third of the world's salt lake lithium resources.
The global supply of lithium resources is dominated by hard rock lithium mines and salt lakes, which are complemented by hard rock lithium and halogen lithium, which are stable, high-quality, but costly. The hard rock mineral lithium process is very mature and is now widely applied in industry, with 90 per cent of the world's production of hard rock minerals concentrated in China.
Lithium carbonate production costs are high, usually $5,000/tonne higher than lithium in salt lakes. In terms of cost security margin, lithium ores are better positioned to produce battery-grade hydrogen oxygen with lower costs but less common to the process and with unstable product quality.
Lithium ore is low because ores are purchased upstream and halogenated water is owned, usually at a cost of US$ 2000~4,000/tonne. However, local halogen water resources tend to be low in lithium content and complex in composition, and the process is less common and requires different processes depending on the type of resource.
There are sedimentation, adsorption, electro-filtration, membrane, extraction, etc. There is a surge in demand for lithium batteries in carbon neutrals and settings, and the excess supply pattern will turn into a tight balance between supply and demand.
The expansion of the support, deceleration project resulted in a limited end-of-end increase in lithium resources in 2021, an effective global supply of about 550,000 tonnes of lithium resources in 2021, and a demand of about 560,000 tonnes of electricity, adjusted for industrial chain readiness, for counter-supplied supplies.
The resource endowment determines the broad outlook for lithium in salt lakes, and the adsorption + membrane approach is the way forward. 3.1 mentions that lithium is obtained mainly by hard rock lithium (ore lithium) and halogen water lithium (saline lake lithium), which have their respective strengths, and which approach needs to be selected according to the type and characteristics of resources.
Limited sources, high import dependence, and the fact that a large amount of our lithium resources are located in salt lakes make the development of lithium techniques in salt lakes crucial. The high ratio of lithium magnesium in salt lakes in our country, which is extremely difficult to separate from the two chemical elements of lithium magnesium and its similarities, makes extracting lithium carbonate from high-magnesium lithium compared to salt lakes an important technical challenge, and so does the development of lithium in salt lakes.
Traditional methods such as burning, extraction, etc. are being phased out because of pollution and energy consumption, while the adsorption and membrane methods of the more environmentally friendly economy are particularly promising.
The Blue Lithium industry has taken the lead in breaking the adsorption + membrane problem and effectively reducing costs. The Blue Lithium industry is a subsidiary of the Salt Lake shares responsible for the production and sale of lithium carbonate, with 51.42% of the company ' s shares, as an industrial veteran in a deep-dry salt lake for 10 years, and the Blueco lithium technology is constantly being updated: in 2010, the Blue Lithium industry introduced Russian adsorbent technology.
The technique of sorbent separation techniques and membrane separation enrichment technology coupling were completed in 2018, and the technical route of sorbing + membrane was able to overcome the problem of the hyper-magnesium ratio of the old halogium in the Salt Lake of Tsar Khan, and the mature process route put the cost of this method at a low level.
The sorption + membrane method refers to the introduction of aluminium sorbent adsorption of lithium titanium in the preceding paragraph, the inclusion of the filtration membrane demagnesium, the subsequent use of anti-skinning, the generation of lioh 2i (oh) 3 nh2o, and the subsequent acidification of this type of sorbent synthesis into lici 2i (oh) 3 nh2o. The introduction of other low-cost materials in this type of sorbent synthesis is a significant reduction in manufacturing through the optimization of the preparation process.
Costs reduce the full cost of the final product. Compared to the cost of manufacturing a generation-generation adsorbent for a 10,000-ton lithium-carbonate device, the cost of manufacturing a new lithium-efficient adsorbent is reduced by about 50%.
Supply and demand patterns contribute to the rise in lithium prices, which greatly benefit the Blue Lithium industry. Lithium prices, which peaked in the last round in 2017 at about $164,000 per ton, were influenced by industrial policies, and the development of new energy vehicles downstream has been weak, and lithium prices have been on the decline. 3.1 refers to the pattern of chronic demand for lithium resources in recent years, which has contributed to a rapid rise in lithium prices.
Lithium prices have risen to 412,000 yuan per ton. The price of lithium carbonate significantly influenced the performance of the Blue Lithium industry, which in 2017 received 750 million yuan, yoy + 141 per cent, net profits of 420 million yuan, yoy + 212 per cent, and then began to perform with a high profile of the lithium industry, high lithium prices, and a promising space for future growth in the performance of the Blue Lithium industry.
Lithium carbonate releases drive rapid growth in performance. With resource-end control of rich reserves of lithium from the Zalkhan Salt Lake, a combination of mature and low-cost processes and existing production practices, the company fought a beautiful turn-off against the background of the high profile of the lithium mine in 2021, a ten-year slash, and experience plus quality resources also boosted the Blueco II phase.
In addition, the company, in partnership with Biade, has almost completed the pre-construction and construction process for the 30,000-ton battery-grade lithium carbonate project, which is expected to be ready for production in the future.
13602 tons, an increase of 2,300 tons over the previous year. With the stimulus of new energy demand, the company is expected to rise at full prices, and the salt lake lithium has become its biggest growth point.
Considers its own strengths as follows: 1) Resource advantages. The company relies on Salt Lake Tharkhan, with an annual emission of 200,000 to 300,000 tons of lithium chloride and a combined lithium salt production of the Salt Lake Tharkhan, of which 30,000 tons are in the country, providing a resource guarantee for the development of lithium carbonate operations. 2) Technology advantages. As mentioned above, Renko has a technical advantage.
The lithium industry has been the first to break through the salt-absorbent lake-dithium-digging process, which has matured into the key technologies for extracting lithium salt from low-hydrium-hydride with magnesium. 3) Cost advantages. Rich resources + advanced technologies favour low-cost expansionary capacity in the blue lithium industry, coupled with well-developed mining infrastructure, process stability, and the support of the Potassium Fertiliser business “cash cow” are suitable.
(1) The company ' s potassium fertilizer capacity of 5.5 million tons, based on the 2021 performance forecast and the existing capacity, we expect (2) the major potassium fertilizer contract to be raised to $590/tonne in 2022, and our annual sales of lithium salt are 0.96 million, 14,000 tons and 15,000 tons, respectively, based on the tight demand for potassium fertilizer;
(2) Assuming that the price of lithium salt in 202-2023 is 165,000 yuan per tonne, 250,000 yuan per tonne, and 250,000 yuan per tonne, respectively;
The prices of potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate are not as high as the expected risks; lithium carbonate expansion plans are not as high as the expected risks; policy risks such as environmental protection; and company management is not as efficient as the expected risks.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.