Potassium Lithium Head Warmer Reborn - Salt Lake Company (000792.sz) is the absolute king of potassium fertilizer in our country, and the current global monopoly of potassium fertilizer continues, along with food.
(b) Name: Cao Xut, Lithium Salt plate, the company's largest salt lake in the country, top resource reserve, in the old halo.
With the current high price of lithium carbonate, technical security is expected: companies focus on research and development, potassium fertilizer is the only company in the world that currently has all the chlorinated potassium processing technology: lithium carbonate has also broken through the use of ultra-high lithium to extract lithium salt from halogenated water.
Technology, to form a mature “sortization + membrane separation” technology; Company divestment of lost assets, focused on potassium lithium operations: Salt Lake shares are the country's largest potassium fertilizer producer, with 5 million tonnes/year of chlorinated potassium production, ranked fourth in the world's production capacity.
30,000 tons of lithium carbonate production, followed by a company with a huge potential to expand lithium salt production. The company was hit by a pool of lithium in the integrated development of salt lake resources, and its operations fell into the mud, constrained by inadequate supply of the factors of production (coal/natural gas), soaring prices, and was “good and bad” because of the unresolved problems of equipment, process and so on.
The principle is that the salt lake magnesium industry and the Heinau chemical industry will be removed from the salt lake stock system. Since 2020, the company has been undergoing a judicial reorganization and has completed a loss-of-asset divestment, and the debt has been transferred to the potassium-substitution business, and the return of the mother ' s net profit of 2.04 billion yuan in 2020, meeting the requirements for a return to the market, was restored to the market in August 2021.
Potassium Fertilizer plate: The company is the national potassium fertilizer industry, which has a capacity of 5 million tons for the production of potassium chloride, and an annual capacity of 5.5 million tons, or 64% of the country's production capacity. Moreover, it is the only company in the world that currently possesses all the techniques for processing potassium chloride.
Lithium salt plates: the company is the Lithium Lithium Dragon from Salt Lake in China, the company has 30,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate production capacity, the salt lake Biadi 30,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate project is still under preparation, and an advanced 40,000 tons of lithium salt production capacity has been planned.
The company’s supply of old halo resources is sufficient to guarantee the expansion of 100,000 tons of lithium carbonate production. As the company’s salt lake lithium production technology continues to optimize, there is room for a decline in production costs, benefiting from an increase in local prices, adding to the current sales of lithium salt, and leading to a rapid increase in performance.
Performance projections: We have a segment valuation method for Salt Lake shares, and we expect the company to return to its mother ' s net profit in 2022 of about $9,148 million, of which the potassium fertilization component is about $6,866 million, or about 75 per cent, and the lithium salt portion is the mother ' s.
Lithium salt operations: we've selected comparable listed companies for Tibet Mining, Tibet Everest, Tianqi Industries, 1.
Qinghai Salt Lake Industries Co. Ltd. is a state-owned company controlled by the National Investment Commission. The company is located in the city of Gergiu, Qinghai Province, China’s largest potassium fertilizer producer, with a capacity of 5 million tonnes/year and is ranked fourth in global production capacity.
Founded in 1958, the company was formerly known as the Qinghai Potassium Fertilizer Plant. It was mainly engaged in potassium fertilizer production and integrated salt lake resource recycling.
In September 2019, the controlled subsidiary Salt Lake Magnesium and Hena ' s Chemical Industries were brought back into business, and the salt lake magnesium industry, Heiner Chemical and Chemical Branches were brought back into business.
In May 2020, the company was suspended from the market because three consecutive fiscal years of net profits were negative. Since 2020, the company has been undergoing a judicial restructuring and has completed the divestiture of its lost assets, and the debt has been transferred to the stock market, focusing on potassium lithium.
After the reorganization of the bankruptcy, the real charger remained the Qinghai National Finance Committee.
The State Treasury of Qinghai Province is the real shareholder, with 27.03% of the shares in Salt Lake. After the stock in Salt Lake was transferred, the company’s total equity increased, bank and financial institutions, such as the State Bank, gained equity, and the share in the former shareholder in Qinghai was significantly diluted to 13.86%, but the actual controller remained Qinghai.
Figure 2: Stock structure of Salt Lake shares, 1.2 from “composite development” to “magnesium potassium garden”
In 2017, the company established a development strategy for the integrated development and use of salt lake resources, which extended the industrial chain and integrated the exploitation of the value elements in salt lakes. But it was constrained by inadequate supply of factors (coal/day gas), soaring prices, and because equipment, processes, etc., had not been resolved for a long time.
The principle of “good and bad separation” removes the salt lake magnesium industry and the Heinau chemical industry from the salt lake stock system. Establishes a strategic vision for a 100-year salt lake, an eco-magnesium potassium garden.
Fertilized “barrel stones” and new energy “guards” are the three main industrial strategies of the company: Potassium industry is strong, investing in innovation in institutional mechanisms for technological research and development, seeking breakthroughs and innovations on the basis of the existing ones, and building an influential green potassium industry base:
The company's potassium fertilizer capacity is at the forefront of the country's potassium fertilizer industry. The market for potassium fertilizer in the country serves as a ballast stone, which will be consistent with the trend of increasing the visibility and influence of salt lake products;
In five years, 10,000 tonnes + 20,000 tonnes + 30,000 tonnes (total 60,000 tonnes) of lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide products, 1.3 Situated in a highly resource-sustaining position in Salt Lake Caykar Khan, the Zayda River Basin is a typical land-phase evaporation rock basin. More than 20 salt lakes are distributed, and mineral resources are abundant.
It is known as the “polus basin”, in which a variety of resource elements, such as k, mg, b, li, are located far above the average crust, and are concentrated in salt lakes in the form of saline or solid deposits. Potassium: the sediment of modern solid potassium salt in the Zayda basin is mainly found in the western and central regions, with sulphate-type potassium salt sinking.
The bulk is distributed mainly in the Great Wave Beach, Lake West, etc., and in the salt deposits of the chlorinated potassium, mainly in Quintyi, Mahai and Qarkhan.
96.78% of the volume is concentrated mainly in chlorinated halogens in the south-east and north-west.
Lithium: concentrated in the middle of the Zayda River Basin in the new generation dent zone. The distribution of li in the salt lake is similar to that of b. Li+ in the salt lake in the eastern-western-Charkhan region is as high as 124~262 mg/l (halogenated li+ comprehensive mining grade 24.7 mg/l) and the average li+ content in the large and small Zayda Lake is also over 100 mg/l.
Charkhan's salt lake is China's largest soluble potassium magnesium deposit and one of the largest salt lakes in the world. Salt lake size is about 5856 km2, east-west is 168 m, north-south is 20-40 km wide, salt layers are about 2-20 m thick, with an average altitude of 2677 m.
The resource reserves amount to more than 60 billion tons, of which 540 million tons of potassium chloride, 4 billion tons of magnesium chloride, 12.4 million tons of lithium chloride and 55.5 billion tons of sodium chloride are among the highest in the country, with a potential economic value of billions of yuan.
Charhan Salt Lake consists of a series of water lakes and a large area of dry salt beaches: modern salt lakes with halogenated surfaces include East Plateau Lake, Lagoon Lake, La Bill, Darcey Lake, Darbuson Lake, La Salle Lake, La Salle Lake and North-South Hobson Lake. It is divided into four sectors according to its geological characteristics: Beale Beach, Darbuson, Charkhan and Hobson, all of which are divided from west to east.
The area of the beach is bounded by 300 exploration lines. Salt Lake shares and the Tibetan Holdings own the western and eastern parts of Salt Lake, respectively. 1.4 Losses of lost assets are realized as a gain. The company has been on the market since it focused on potassium fertilizer and then on the integrated exploitation of the resources of Salt Lake.
Three years in a row from 2019. With the completion of the judicial reorganization and the separation of operations since 2020, the company refocused on the dominant potassium fertilizer and lithium business, with most of the salt lake resources combined using chemical assets transferred to sinks, displacing the magnesium industry and the chemical industry, focusing on the potassium-lithium track, enjoying a high-growth cycle, and increasing the company’s profitability:
The company’s operations were significantly reduced. Before restructuring, the company’s main business consisted of seven main categories, including potassium chloride, trade, integrated use of salt lake resources for chemical products, pvc, transport, cement and carbonate. After stripping, the company’s main business was streamlined to four main categories, including potassium chloride, trade, salt lake resources.
Six-monthly reports show that potassium fertilizer, lithium carbonate and the other two sections of the system account for nearly 90 per cent of the company's total revenues, a 36 per cent decline in the absolute amount. In terms of profits, potassium chloride products are gross.
The interest rate rose from 55.62% to 65.09%, close to 10 percentage points; the Māori rate for lithium products from carbonate is the biggest growth point for companies. The salt lake titanium plate, which plans an expansion strategy of 3+3+4, controls the stock subsidiary, the Luthium Blue Company, after almost 10 years of training, uses the technique of “sorting lithium plus diaphragm separation enrichment coupling”
The technique matures and continues to be optimized, breaking the path of lithium withdrawal from the ultra-high lithium ratio to low lithium halogen, with an annual production of 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate fully sold in recent years, and an annual production capacity of 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate in the first half of 2021, which has been tested and is expected to reach production in the course of the year. In addition, the company, in partnership with Biadey, has built 30,000 tons of battery-grade carbon.
In the second half of the year, the world’s new energy vehicles, storage energy demand, supported the rapid rise in upstream lithium carbonate prices from the bottom of the cycle, and low-cost salt lagoon lithium was expected to reach the harvest period at full cost.
The debt rate is 64.72 per cent, falling within a relatively reasonable range. Moreover, the cost of the company has been significantly reduced due to the absence of the salt lake magnesium industry and the Heiner chemicals industry.
The same-year increase of 45.9%/87.2%; at the same time, the rise in the price of lithium salt boosted corporate profits, resulting in a full increase in production and a resonance. The price of q4 lithium salt continued to increase in 2021, and the rise in lithium salt plates was expected to continue. Potassium plate production was largely stable, but the high price of food also provided a positive boost to the price of potassium fertilizer.
The resonance also led to a significant increase in corporate profitability. The overall Māori ratio of companies increased significantly to 61.96 per cent in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of almost 20 percentage points from the previous year.
On that day, Salt Lake shares signed a Framework Agreement for Strategic Cooperation with Kugeau, which, based on the advantages of the two sides in the fields of lithium salt extraction and lithium electric material, is intended to combine in depth in the fields of new energy sources, lithium electricity, scientific research and development, lithium magnesium materials, and talent development. It is valid for three years, renewable after expiry.
Table 3: Strategic cooperation agreement between Salt Lake shares and the State High School 2. Potassium fertilizer plate: high food prices and low probability of falling prices
2.1 The country’s potassium fertilizer industry, Ballastite, is the country’s largest producer of potassium chloride. It has a capacity of 5 million tons and an annual capacity of 5.5 million tons, or 64% of the country’s capacity.
The company currently has anti-float selection-cooled potassium production techniques, soaking solution conversion techniques for solid potassium mines, thermal solubility-vacuum crystallization precision potassium chloride techniques, cold crystallization--
Five technical processes, such as potassium chloride production techniques, cold decomposition - potassium chloride production techniques, are currently the only enterprises in the world with all the techniques available for processing potassium chloride, using different processes, depending on the raw material, to make full use of potassium chloride at different gradients.
The profitability and cost advantage of potassium plating were prominent in the industry. Previously, the company’s platinum plating rate had remained at about 70%, but as a result of a change in corporate revenue guidelines in 2020, the supply side of the shipment related to the sale of goods was 2.2: the high concentration of potassium platinum was limited.
Potassium is one of the three necessary nutrients for crop growth. Potassium is typically found in plants with 0.2% - 4.1% of dry matter, after nitrogen. Potassium is involved in the activation of more than 60 enzymes during plant growth, photo-cooperative use, transport of chemicals, metabolism of carbohydrates and synthesis of proteins. Potassium is the main process.
The varieties include potassium chloride, potassium sulphate, potassium nitrate and potassium magnesium sulphate, of which potassium chloride, due to its abundance and low cost, accounts for more than 95 per cent of the amount of potassium fertilization applied.
Global potassium resources are unevenly distributed. According to usgs, global reserves (k2o equivalent) exceed 3.7 billion tons. Of the three countries with the highest global reserves, China, Canada, Russia and Belarus together account for more than 66 per cent of global potassium salt resources, with Russia, Canada and Belarus accounting for 29.4 per cent, 20.1 per cent, respectively.
Prior to 2013, international potassium fertilizer pricing was controlled by two major alliances: (1) canpotex has a global market share of 37% of potassium fertilizer, made up of potassium plus (potashphofsasskatchewan), agrium and mosaic. (2) bpc controls more than 34% of potassium fertilizer worldwide.
The market share consists of Russian potassium ural (uralkali), Belarusian potassium platinum (bellaruskali) and Silvinit (silvit). The international potassium platinum pricing model shuffled in 2013 after Belarus potassium fertilization withdrew from bpc on the grounds that it was in violation of the Union sales agreement. The oligopoly marketing strategy changed from “price priority” to “share advantage”
The global monopoly pattern continues, with the top six potassium fertilizer producers accounting for 83% of total capacity worldwide. Growth in aggregate capacity will be limited in the future, with output expansion concentrated in Central Europe.
The global potassium salt production capacity will grow gradually, with a compound annual growth rate of about 3%. In the case of the production forecast for the Russian Federation, the number of projects is highest, with three projects expected to be operational in the country from 2023. The increase in potassium sulphate capacity will continue with the expected launch of two projects in Australia in 2021.
The expansion is expected to increase potassium salt production by 4.6 million k2o per year between 2021 and 2025. However, with natural disasters affecting the United States, the closure of the Canadian potassium-fertilized mines of K1 and K2 is expected to reduce production by 1 million tons; and potassium international partial commissioning of the epidemic has been suspended, with uncertainty surrounding the release of 500,000 tons of potassium-fertilized energy.
In June 2021, the European Union imposed sanctions on Belarus, forcing Belarus to ban potassium fertilizer exports through the port of Kleipeda, Lithuania, from December 2021. Belarus, as the third largest potassium fertilizer plant in the world, is a potassium fertilizer company.
The sanctions, which control nearly 20% of the global supply of potassium fertilizer, have led to a significant increase in the global supply of potassium fertilizer. Since the most critical category of products is located in the free zone and the sanctions are imposed only after 25 June, the entire year of the contract signed by the Chinese and the Russian Federation has not been affected.
Although transport costs have increased in Russia or Ukraine, the overall profit is still 2.3 countries are paying more attention to the steady increase in demand for potassium fertilizer. Countries are paying more attention to food security.
The outbreak has led to labour shortages and disruptions in supply chains, affecting food security in some countries and regions. Adding to the current growing global population, increasing global crop cultivation, and increasing fertilizer per unit of area, has led to a steady increase in fertilizer consumption.
China is the world ' s largest importer of potassium fertilizer, with external capacity of over 50 per cent. In 2020, for example, the country produced about 7.04 million tons of potassium fertilizer, while the import volume was 8.75 million tons.
By 15,490,000 tons, the external dependency is 56.5%. But the price of potassium fertilizer in China is more stringent by the government, so that it is also a low ground for the global price of potassium fertilizer. We are also a major contributor to the global increase in potassium fertilizer consumption. Figure 29: Consumption of potassium fertilizer (k2o) in China (tonne tons)
Lithium plate: supply and demand are still tight: the pioneers of technology exploration for the gradual release of productive capacity. The company's lithium industrial chain consists mainly of upstream resource selection (saline lake) and a large part of middle-smelting purity (lithium salt), master.
To be used as two main platforms, the Blue Lithium industry currently uses adsorbent plus filtration industries to extract lithium ion from old halogens and to refine the concentrateable lithium-containing liquids into lithium carbonate. The Blue Lithium industry currently produces 30,000 tons of capacity, Salt Lake Biadi is building 30,000 tons of capacity, and is planning to produce 40,000 tons of capacity in the future.
Lithium platinum platinum industry (equity 51.42%): The original 10,000 tons of industrial lithium carbonate production capacity in the blue lithium industry has now been converted to electricity, and the newly built 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate production capacity has been put into use in 2021. Biadi Salt Lake (equity 49.5%): the 30,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate project in the salt lake Biadi is still in the pipeline.
The company has now broken through the technology of extracting lithium salt from ultra-high lithium to halogen, and has developed a model industrialization device that combines lithium absorbs and membrane separation enrichment technology.
The adsorption used by the former company was a new type of lithium efficient adsorbent, a product that was developed and produced by the company itself, and national technology patents were obtained, so that the sorbent loss was controlled at less than 10 per cent; in 2016, the company worked with the enlightenment source for the production of the leaching film, the enlightenment source established and was responsible for the operation of the leachate chain, and its filtration method significantly improved the separation of lithium.
Sub-efficiency, with the agreement that the project assets will be owned by the company after 10 years. 3.2 Demand-side: New-energy car + storage power level pulls around the year and lithium resources are transformed into an industrial structure dominated by battery industry consumption.
The price of lithium products is more affected by policy and development. At the same time, if lithium prices remain high, it may affect traditional industries. Figure 30: The structure of global lithium demand by 2020 has been defined for the global energy transition. More than 130 countries and territories have now proposed zero carbon or zero carbon.
“Carbon-neutral” climate targets, including: two countries that have achieved carbon-neutrality, six countries that have legislation in place, including the EU (as a whole) and five other countries that are in the process of legislation. In addition, 20 countries (including EU countries) have issued formal policy declarations. Countries and territories that have set targets but are still under discussion
During the year of the New Energy Motors-Growing Power Agency, the "14th Five-Year Plan " refers to the focus on the new energy automobile strategic and emerging industries, demonstrating central support for the new energy all-car industry. According to the New Energy Automobile Industry Development Plan, published by the State Department's Office.
2021-2035), which clearly states that by 2025, new cars for new energy sources will be sold to new cars, and our new energy vehicles will be sold at an all-time high, with a cumulative output of over 3 million vehicles and a market penetration rate of 12.7 per cent. In November, our new energy vehicles will be sold at an all-time high of 457,000.
Vehicles and 450,000 vehicles, which grew 1.3 and 1.2 times, respectively, a single-month penetration rate of 19.9 per cent, are expected to be available throughout the year. Figure 31: China's production and penetration of new energy vehicles. Domestic sales of new energy vehicles are increasing faster than expected and may exceed their mandates by 2025.
At the global level, policy remains the main driving force behind electricization. The EU identified zero carbon in the automobile industry by 2050, and wrote it in europeangreendial.
As of now, more than 15 countries around the world have set a 2035 ban on fuel trucks. Moreover, stringent carbon emission regulations and fiscal subsidies in Europe and the United States have led to a clear increase in the electricization process compared to what was expected in 2019.
The world’s new energy cars have developed in a very uneven way, with huge global potential. The markets for new energy cars have developed very unevenly across countries. Countries with more than double-digit penetration are now located in Europe, far above market parity.
The Biden government’s policy for new energy cars will boost the penetration rate of new energy cars in the United States, leading the world’s new energy cars to a new phase of robust growth. New energy cars are over-expected, and the global volume of new energy cars will go up fast.
In January-August, the global volume of new energy vehicles has exceeded 3.5 million, and according to estimates by the relevant agencies, the overall penetration rate of new energy sources in overseas markets is 20 per cent, and the global volume of new energy vehicles is expected to be close to 20 million by 2025.
Storage energy, which is stored in different forms of energy in different ways through specific devices or physical media, to be used when needed later on. By the end of 2020, the total capacity of the global project had reached 191.1gw, with the largest cumulative loader of pumped water, 90.3 per cent; electrochemical storage capacity.
Of the various electrochemical storages, the industrial chain and technology of lithium ion batteries are the most mature and cost-reducing. The chemical storage has the advantage of high control, high modularity, high energy density, high conversion efficiency, and construction cycles.
Short and easily installed, and with a wide range of extension values. The storage system will be reduced around two things: lower initial system costs and increase recycling life. The current cost of the domestic storage system is about $2/wh. The initial cost of the system is expected to be reduced to 0.84/wh. On the one hand, lower core costs to 0.5/wh by 2025.
Global energy storage technology is currently being developed mainly in the field of electrical and chemical storage. Electrical and chemical storage systems are growing at a much faster rate than the total installed, reflecting a very high growth rate.
The machine size reached 14.2gw, an increase of 49.6% from the previous year, with lithium ion batteries holding the largest aggregate load, reaching 13.1gw, and the cumulative size of both electrochemical storage and lithium ion batteries breaking the 10gw threshold for the first time. Whether in the stock market or in the new market, lithium batteries occupy a monopoly position in the electrical chemical storage capacity.
At the global level, between 2015 and 2020, lithium ion batteries remained at about 80% of the aggregate load. By the end of 2020, the cumulative load of electrochemical storage energy had risen from 1.27gw in 2015 to 2020.
According to the Worldmackenzie projections for the global storage period, which we published in July this year, we added to the Guidance for Accelerating the Development of New Stockpiles, the consumption of new demand, combined with single-banded electric resonance, which boosts the consumption of lithium.
Upgraded, the average number of hot phones with electricity in 2014 was only 2439mah, and by 2019 it had reached 3598mah, and the emergence of 5g mobile phones had led to a general increase in the number of batteries and boosted the demand for lithium.
In the third quarter of 2021, there were about 313 million smartphones worldwide, a decline of about 10.2 per cent compared to the previous quarter of 2021, and the Strategyanalytics report showed that 45.4 million global tablet computers were delivered in the first three quarters of the year, a decrease of 10 per cent compared to last year.
Data show that global pc shipments totalled 84.1 million in the third quarter of 2021, compared to the global pc shipments in the third quarter of 2020, figure 44: global pc shipments, figure 45: global tablets.
Figure 46: Projections of major consumer electronic exports Industrial demand: industrial demand for lithium accounts for only about 25 per cent of total demand, affected by the new crown epidemic in 2020, downstream consumption has declined to varying degrees, and we expect consumption in industry to return to the same period in 2019 in 2021
Level, and the rate of post-growth is consistent with the global gdp increase. Figure 47: The projected demand for lithium industrial uses (thousands of tonnes)
Lithium 800 kg per gwh consumed by consumer electronics and storage capacity: Lithium for industrial purposes: about 25 per cent of total demand, affected by the new crown epidemic in 2020, downstream consumption has declined to varying degrees, and we expect consumption in industry to return to the same period in 2019 in 2021, after which it has increased.
The rate is consistent with the global increase in gdp. 4% of normal industrial losses and 3.3 lithium supply constraints are still in place.
Lithium is highly concentrated at the end of the supply. Australia's mines and South American Salt Lake have been the main global suppliers, supplying nearly 80% of the raw materials, thanks to their resource advantages.
The main Salt Lake of South America includes: salardeatacama, salardelhombremuerto, cauchari-olarzo and larozlithium.
Lithium ores can be cleared, with limited future additions. Only four mines (the original seven) are currently in production, with greenbuses supplying only two major shareholders under shareholder agreements, with an expansion rhythm of alb and titanium.
Salt expansion is matched; the full capacity of mtmarion is contracted by its shareholders in the lithium industry, with no expansion plan in the near future; the remaining two are market-oriented, but there are no expansion plans in the near future; and there is now a possibility of reproducing the prigogoora (altura) and wodgina, of which the prigangoora
(altura) expected to resume production in q4 in 2021, 18-20 million tons of capacity could be released in mid-2022 (220,000 tons of capacity before shutdown), and wodgina would take the lead in restarting a 250,000-ton production line (750,000 tons before shutdown), which is expected to resume in the third quarter of 2022; there is no recovery plan for baldhill in the short term.
In addition, the rest of the increase is mainly in supply and demand from greenbuses, but given its non-market sales, the future increase in the Australasia mine will focus mainly on the Sichuan Lithium Fuel Project and the Jiangxi Lisi Cloud Mother. For Sichuan, the increase in supply over the next three years will come mainly from the Micca 134 pulse, Li Jia Gou.
The main problem is that there is a mismatch between mining capacity and mineral selection, which may reach 175,000 tons in the long term, and that Li Jia Gou, co-owned by the Kawan energy and alumni group, designed to produce 1.05 million tons of primary mineral capacity, which could reach 175,000 tons and is expected to start production in 2022.
New energy, Southern lithium, and immortal materials are all planned to expand production. Fei Woo has 20,000 tons of lithium production capacity, with an advanced plan to achieve 40,000 tons/year lithium carbonate capacity; Southern lithium power is currently 46,000 tons, with future planning to reach 60,000 tons; and Einforce materials will be built on the existing 10,000 tons capacity in 2022, q1 and q2 each.
Other major mines. Mtmibra entered into an underwriting agreement with the Taiwan Lithium industry in early 2021, and in 2021-2023 Mibra will complete 30-45% of its capacity expansion targets in the next few years: Mindadacachoeira currently has about 30,000 tons of lithium, or about 1,500 tons of lce; Bikitamineras is not currently used for battery supply.
The response chain, with the possibility of future participation in the battery supply chain, the salt lake lithium salt lake project is not as productive as expected.
sqm: According to the sqm 3rd Quarterly report, its lithium carbonate/lithium hydroxide production capacity will be expanded to 12.2515 million tonnes/year and 18.30 million tonnes/year by the end of 2021 (2019 originally planned to achieve 120,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate) livent: Current capacity includes 18,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate and 0.90 tonnes of lithium chloride.
Lu will restart the expansion of the project in Argentina, with a phase of 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate production to be completed in 2023q1 (planned to be completed by the end of 2020) and a second phase of 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate production to be produced in 2023q4.
With the slow expansion of salt lake production in the country and the increase in supply in the short term, mainly from the Blue Lithium industry. • The Blue Lithium industry: 20,000 new battery-grade lithium carbonate production is on the slope.
Once, of which 20,000 tons of production capacity was put into production by mid-year. 3.4 Balance of supply and demand analysis. Overall, the balance of supply and demand for lithium salt is in a dynamic process of change.
Rapid growth in storage capacity demand is a major driver of lithium salt consumption in the coming years. The supply-side recovery has been slower than expected, 1) closure of the mine will require reprogramming: 2) Lithium has a long construction cycle, existing planned green-field investment projects have most of the capacity to deliver after 2024, with uncertainty as lithium concentrate prices fluctuate; 3) Salt Lake project
In our calculations, the effective supply of lithium resources has not been considered for recovery, and the gap in supply and demand for lithium carbonate levels will gradually widen. We judge that there are still milestones in lithium salt for the period 2021-2023.
The price of lithium salt will remain high. After 23 years, with the baptism of the power battery recovery wave, the maturity of the super-recycling industry is expected to improve the global supply of and demand for lithium for 24-25 years.) Given that potassium fertilizer is still on the front market and that it is subject to tighter policy controls in the country, potassium fertilizer prices are expected to improve.)
There will be no significant increase or drop in the price of potassium fertilizer in 2021-2023 at an average cost of $27,50/7,502,800/t, including 3), even at a dark moment, the level of the Māori rate of potassium fertilizer is still high, the future Māori rate of the plate is expected to be extended 4) and the cost of transporting the goods sold is factored into operating costs in the first half of 2021.
Tax costs around $665/t. 1) According to our calculations, the trend of mismatch between the supply and demand of lithium salt in the short term will continue, with battery-grade lithium carbonate in 2021-2023, we have a segment valuation method for salt lake shares, and we expect the company to return a net profit of approximately $9,148 million in 2022.
One billion yuan, or about 25 per cent. Comparable companies in the potassium fertilizer and lithium salt industry were selected for valuation: Potassium fertilizer: the comparable companies that we selected were the Tibetan Mining, A potassium International and the Antxon Towers, which, according to the figures, were worth $102.9 billion to $137.2 billion.
Lithium salt business: The comparison of the listed companies we have selected is Tibet Mining, Tibet Everest, the Tianqi Lithium industry, and Tianqi Lithium, which is 30-40 times greater than the price of the company, with a market value of 68.7 billion yuan-91.6 billion yuan. Lithium carbonate expansion is not as fast as expected:
The company's management is not as efficient as expected; new energy vehicles and storage are not growing as expected. My research view. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are independent of the company and the author.