Strongly recommended (first cover) return of potassium fatty, focused on the growth of potassium lithium - Salt Lake shares (000792.sz)
Li Chi Chi-chul is the country's first and largest producer of potassium chloride and relies on resources such as Jin Jun-bo.
In the first half of 2021, the operations of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate contributed to the major companies focusing on potassium lithium, which was in the early stages of production and with high capacity. In the case of potassium chloride, the company currently owns 5 million tons of potassium chloride, or 64 per cent of the country ' s total capacity. In 2020, the company produced potassium fertilizer.
In the case of lithium carbonate, the company has a clear pre-emptive advantage, with 15 years of industrialization of lithium from salt lakes. The company now has 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity, and another 30,000 tons of cooperation with Biadi is in the pilot phase.
The price of potassium chloride has continued to rise, and profit ballasts have been highlighted. As of 7 February 2022, the national market for potassium chloride had averaged $3475 per ton, an increase of 70.85 per cent. The price of potassium chloride, after 12 years of decline, has returned to the upper route.
Large. The price of international potassium chloride is currently high, and is on the rise in Belarus, affected by sanctions, among other things, so that the domestic market for potassium chloride is expected to remain high. With the company’s productivity advantages, the business of potassium chloride is expected to make a huge profit to the company and become its performance.
The production of new energy vehicles has increased, and salt lake lithium has opened the second growth curve. In 2021, the production of new energy vehicles in the country reached 35,45 million, an increase of 173.7 per cent compared to the previous year, and the demand for lithium carbonate is expected to rise further as the new energy industry rises. As of 7 February 2022, the price of lithium carbonate was raised.
With the new energy sector’s outlook rising, companies’ entry into the new energy sector will lead to double growth in “performance” and “estimated” terms, opening the second growth curve. With the high profile of the potassium chloride and lithium carbonate industries, the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow.
For the first time, a “strongly recommended” rating was given. Upgraded safety and environmental policies, abnormal price fluctuations for staple products, shrinking domestic resources for salt lakes, etc. 1. Reassembly of potassium lithium operations and company sails
1.1. Potassium chloride operations started with two operations, potassium lithium operations, Salt Lake Salt Lake in Totshar Khan, where potassium chloride operations started. The company was preceded by the Zalkhan Potassium Fertilizer Plant, established in 1958, which filled the void in China when there was no potassium fertilizer.
In 1996, the company was transformed into the Qinghai Salt Lake Industries Group Ltd. (hereinafter Salt Lake Group).
The two lakes were merged, focused on potassium fertilizer, and re-listed. After the Salt Lake Group had been listed, the potassium fertilizer business under the banner was reorganized in 1997 into the “Pocket Fertilizer Company of the Salt Lake of the Blue Sea” (hereinafter “Pocket Fertilizer of Salt Lake”) and placed on the market in deep contact. Potassium fertilizer from Salt Lake produced 200,000 tons of potassium per year of chlorination, the largest potassium in the country at that time.
In 2010, the Salt Lake Group withdrew from the market, merging the two lakes and changing its name to Qinghai Salt Lake Industries Ltd., with shares called Salt Lake Holdings, which is the country's largest producer of potassium chloride and the Salt Lake Lithium Dragon Enterprise.
In the first half of 2021, the total gross profits from the potassium chloride operation exceeded 99 per cent. In the first half of 2021, the Division focused on the operations of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate. At the same time, potassium chloride was designed to produce 5 million tons.
:: 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity. Some 256,000 tons of potassium fertilizer were produced in the first half of 2021, while some 8,466 tons of lithium carbonate production was achieved.
The company's first shareholder is the Qinghai State, which is effectively controlled by the State Finance Committee of Qinghai Province. The top 10 ordinary Salt Lake shares are operated separately by the controlling subsidiaries.
One fully-owned subsidiary, six holding companies, and four participating companies. Of these, potassium platinum plates consist of wonton, potassium platinum, potassium platinum, crystalda technology, etc., and lithium plates are dominated by the blue lithium industry. During the 2019 reorganization, chemical and magnesium plate operations, which continue to lose, were separated and transferred to remittance assets.
Losses such as chemical sub-firms, the salt lake magnesium industry and the Henner chemicals industry are no longer included in the corporate consolidated statements. 1.3. Complete asset restructuring, achieve profit-and-loss diversification, and refocus the company on potassium lithium.
In September 2019, the controlled subsidiary Heinechemists and the salt lake magnesium industry applied for bankruptcy. In 2020, the company re-engineered the salt lake magnesium industry, the sea.
The loss plates, such as the Nachemists, were removed and suspended from the market for three consecutive fiscal years in the same year. In 2021, the company resumed operations and profits from the steady operations of potassium chloride and the stock was restored to the market. The company will then focus more on the operations of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate, and will work to improve the quality of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate production.
In 2020 and 2021, the company focused on potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate plates, which led to a reversal of losses, with gross profits growing after reorganization and a significant improvement in the Māori rate.
The company realized a loss of profit of $3.2 billion, an increase of 107.13 per cent. The gross profit of $5.314 billion, an increase of 66.06 per cent, was realized in the first three quarters of 2021. The gross profit of the first three quarters of 2021 was $720 million, or 6.67 per cent, for the first three quarters of 2021.
These costs are reduced by debt restructuring of the salt lake magnesium industry, Hena ' s chemical industry, and non-incorporated into the consolidation. Financial costs are reduced by debt restructuring, partial bank interest to equity, and interest on fiscal costs as compared to the same period in the previous year.
Potassium fertilizer is an indispensable fertilizer for agricultural cultivation. In the case of food crops, potassium fertilizer can be used to improve crop resistance, cold resistance, drought resistance, fall resistance and salt resistance, and to improve the quality of crop products.
To increase the protein content of food crops; to adjust the sugaric acid ratio of fruit to increase its vinyl content; to improve the color and taste of fruit vegetables and increase their resistance. Crops such as fruit and vegetables require potassium fertilizer, of which vegetables, maize and rice are the main downstream demand for potassium fertilizer, with three doings.
The demand for potassium fertilizer is about 17 per cent, 15 per cent and 12 per cent respectively. 2.1. The market for potassium fertilizer is tight, with prices entering the upper route. Potassium fertilizer is essential for agricultural production and food.
One of the three major nutrients required is potassium, which typically weighs 0.2% to 4.1% of the dry material in the plant, and is less than nitrogen. Potassium fertilizer is an essential fertilizer for agricultural production, and during plant growth, potassium is active in more than 60 enzyme systems, both promoting the photolysis of crops.
The effects and the metabolic and adsorption of nitrogen and phosphorus, which in turn promote protein synthesis and increase plant resistance to drought, cold, disease and invertion, are important for increasing crop yields. Potassium fertilizer can be classified as chlorine-containing and non-chlorinated according to the chemical composition. Potassium-containing fertilizer is potassium chloride.
It is fast-acting potassium fertilizer, which is soluble in water and contains about 50-60% potassium, which can be used as a base fat and as a trace of fertiliser.
In about 50-52 per cent, in addition to base fats and fertilization, it can be used as a root for fertilization purposes; potassium nitrate contains 46 per cent of potassium and is suitable for fertilization; potassium dihydrate contains approximately 34 per cent of potassium phosphate and can be used as base fats, fertilisers, 2.1.1. Supply: centralized industry, international oligopoly
Global potassium salt resources are unevenly distributed, mainly in North America and Eastern Europe. According to usgs, there are currently more than 3.7 billion tons (k2o equivalent) of potassium salt available globally, of which Canada, Belarus and Russia are the top three sources of potassium salt in the world, accounting for 30 per cent of global potassium salt reserves and 20 per cent of global potassium salt reserves.
And 16%, together as high as 66%. China ' s potassium salt reserves, despite ranking fourth in the world, account for only 350 million tons, or 9% of the world ' s potassium salt resource reserves. Potassium salt mining is dominated by solid deposits, with low levels of halolite and potassium salt lakes.
Solid deposits are distributed mainly in Canada, Russia, Belarus, potassium salt lakes, mainly in Qinghai and Xinjiang in China, Utah in the United States, and Chile.
Figure 14. Global map of potassium salt, high concentration of potassium fertilizer and oligopoly head effects. Potassium fertilizer industry international conglomerates, and head effects. bpc (bellaruspotashcompany, Belarus potassium fertilizer, 2013)
In 2018, the company Potashcorp and agrium merged into nutrien. The main global suppliers of potassium salt are nutrien of Canada, uralkali of Russia, baluruskali of Belarus, and mosaic and salt of the United States.
According to the announcement of the shares of Nutrien and Salt Lake, the combined capacity of the top five enterprises in 2019 amounted to 51.65 million tons (in kind), accounting for about 71.5 per cent of the total capacity of the world ' s major potassium fertilizer producers.
2.1.2. Demand: Some regions depend on imports, agricultural-led demand rises and global potassium chloride consumption is unevenly distributed, with the fastest growth in Eastern Europe and Central Asia, Africa and Latin America. At the root, it is concentrated in three regions of East Asia, Latin America and North America, with three regions accounting for the sum of the totals.
Of these, China, Brazil, the United States, and India are the major consumers of potassium fertilizer worldwide. For consumption, the three regions of Eastern Europe and Central Asia, Africa, and Latin America experienced the fastest growth in 2014-2019, with East Asia, Latin America, North America, and South Asia having the highest levels of fertilizer imports, respectively, with East Asia in 2019.
Total imports of potassium salt from Latin America amounted to 16,096,000 tons (k2o pure), representing some 55 per cent of global trade, while imports of potassium salt from North America amounted to 4,666,000 tons and from South Asia to 3,236,000 tons, respectively, accounting for 16 per cent and 11 per cent of global imports.
High prices for agricultural products, increased incentives to grow, and increased demand for potassium fertilizer. Global futures prices for major agricultural products such as maize, wheat, soybeans have mostly increased since 2020. Of these, futures prices for maize, wheat and soybots have increased by 59%, 40% and soybots, respectively, since the beginning of 2020.
48%, and still on the upswing. Global economic recovery, higher prices for agricultural products, increased incentives for cultivation, increased demand for potassium fertilizer.
2.1.3. Prices: End 10 years of depression, end 10 years of passage, end 10 years of low passage and start moving up. Since 2010, the price of potassium chloride has gradually moved down. After 10 years of passivation, potassium chloride is now present.
The price of potassium chloride has risen significantly since August 2020. As of 11 February 2022, the average price of the domestic market for potassium chloride was $3475 per ton, an increase of 70.85% compared to the same figure, and is still rising.
Figure 20. Trends in domestic prices of potassium chloride since 2010 Low operations in stocks, which support high prices. As of 11 February 2022, 258,000 tons of national stocks of potassium chloride had been reported as low for almost three years, and low operations in stocks reflected market supply
Still tight. With the advent of spring tillage in the northern hemisphere, demand has risen and stocks have been further released, which will support the high or rising prices of potassium fertilizer.
2.2. Rapid development of new energy sources, high price innovation of lithium carbonate 2.2.1. Supply: Resource concentration is fragmented and supply has continued to tighten in the recent past. The country ' s lithium resources are concentrated in Salt Lake, with a concentration of resources, accounting for 6 per cent of the world ' s total reserves.
Lithium of mineral resources is mainly deposited in saline lake halogenide and ore, with 58% salt lake halide and 26% lithium concentrate. According to usgs, by 2020, around 86 million tons of lithium resources had been discovered globally.
China has discovered about 6% of its global reserves of lithium, mainly in the provinces of Qinghai, Tibet, Hubei and Sichuan. Of these, lithium salt lakes are mainly located in Qinghai, Tibet and North Lake; and lithium quartz and lithium clouds are located mainly in Sichuan, Jiangxi and Hunan.
Figure 22. Global lithium resource distribution by 2020 Figure 23. Distribution of the main lithium resources in the country. Most of our salt lakes have high levels of lithium magnesium and are difficult to develop.
Lithium endowment analysis and strategic recommendations, as described in the text, show that the total amount of lithium halogen in the Salt Lake of Tharkhan is 12,042,000 tons in the third spherical, while the ratio of lithium magnesium in the Salt Lake of Tsar Khan is as high as 1814:1 and is well above the standard for industrial mining (magnesium halogenated water extraction of lithium salt is the first problem to be solved.
Lithium magnesium separation, which is more difficult to separate because of the similar chemical properties of magnesium and lithium, is a problem for high magnesium than for salt lakes. The Zabuye Salt Lake is lower, but higher than sea level. Lithium carbonate production is more competitive and the head enterprise is close to production because of the high price of lithium carbonate.
There has been a sharp increase, with businesses actively expanding and investing since 2017, and leading to a significant change in the capacity of the head, which caused an overcapacity from 2018 to 2020. In 2021, the country was able to achieve full capacity and actively expand its new capacity in the first seven years of lithium carbonate production.
Figure 24.2017-2021 Lithium carbonate at the head of the company Chart 25.2021
In recent years, lithium carbonate stocks have declined and supply has continued to be tight. According to the Hoshikawa Susuke data, as of 11 February 2022, there were 4,939 tons of lithium carbonate in the country. Lithium carbonate stocks are affected by the demand of downstream producers.
Larger, markets stabilized in the first half of 2021, downstream demand declined, and stocks rose. Lithium carbonate stocks continued to decline in the second half of 2021 as a result of demand for new downstream energy vehicles.
The most important application of lithium carbonate is as a lithium source for lithium batteries. Lithium carbonate is a key material for lithium cells, which determine their electrochemical performance, which dominates their energy density and safety.
The production of 1 kwh-phosphate lithium batteries requires 0.5 kg of lithium carbonate. In tri-dollar batteries, the theoretical use of 1kwh-volume lithium carbonate in batteries is around 0.65 kg. The new-energy car industry has led to an increase in the demand for lithium batteries.
(ggii) Data from China ' s Automotive Industry Association show that China ' s production of new energy vehicles increased from 18,000 to 12,95 million in 2013-2020. In 2021, our production of new energy vehicles reached 35,545,000, an increase of 173.7 per cent compared to the previous year.
A total of 5 million vehicles, a 42 per cent increase over the same period. A significant increase in the volume of new energy automobile sales will boost demand in the lithium battery industry and further increase demand in the lithium carbonate market.
Lithium carbonate prices have continued to rise and the market prospects have improved. Lithium carbonate has been in the air cycle since 2021, with prices rising slightly and remaining stable in the lead-up to the end. Lithium carbonate prices rose from 53,000 yuan/tons at the beginning of the year 2021 to around 90,000 yuan/tons in April, up by 70% in August.
As of 7 February 2022, the price of lithium carbonate rose to $380 million, or 419.5 per cent. Given the high temperature of the industry of lithium carbonate downstream of new energy vehicles, energy storage batteries, 3c batteries, etc., the future market for lithium carbonate is promising.
3. The rapid growth of profitability, the firm’s prospects for future production and sale of potassium fertilizer 3.1. The production and sale of potassium fertilizer are stable, the ballast is significant, the potassium fertilizer industry is monopolistic and highly concentrated, and the company’s development has so far led to the construction of a stronger potassium fertilizer moat.
For the rest of the year, the country’s oldest potassium fertilizer plant has accumulated a wealth of technology. On the international level, the company ranks fifth among the world’s leading potassium fertilizer producers, with 5 million tons/year of capacity, just below the international potassium fertilizer giants of nutrien, uralkali, and mosaic. On the domestic front, the company produces more than 64% of the country’s capacity for potassium chloride.
In 2021, the domestic consumption of potassium chloride was 131.554 million tons. As a result of the relative scarcity of potassium salt, the production of potassium chloride was insufficient.
In 2021, imports accounted for about 58 per cent of total consumption and were more dependent on imports.
In recent years, the company has been able to produce potassium chloride in full and of steady quality. In terms of capacity utilization, the production of potassium chloride was about 3.901 million tons, or more than 78 per cent of the capacity designed to produce it. In 2021, the industry was on the rise and potassium manure had a significant impact.
The price of potassium chloride has risen significantly in our country, as a result of the food price-led and the impact of the new crown epidemic. By the end of 2021, the market price of potassium chloride had exceeded $3,400 per ton. The price of potassium chloride, after 12 years of depression, was back on the road. In the three quarters of 2021, sales of potassium chloride from the company’s main business were stable, and potassium chloride production was stable.
In the context of rising prices, potassium chloride is expected to lead to a significant improvement in the company’s performance. 3.2. Lithium from salt lakes is growing rapidly, opening the second growth curve.
The company has a vast pool of lithium resources. Salt Lake shares are located in the Salt Lake of Qing Haithar Khan, the second largest salt lake in the world, with a total of more than 60 billion tons of salt resources. The company owns an area of approximately 3,700 square kilometres, with halogenated water from the Salt Lake of Qarhan.
Lithium is the third largest in the world, with 1.242 million tons of chlorinated lithium, the highest in the country. Of these, the public-owned lithium industry has more than 8 million tons of lithium salt.
According to the 2020 report, the company ' s 20,000 tons/year battery-grade lithium carbonate project was 85% progressing as a whole, with some equipment testing vehicles. In 2021, the company achieved 30,000 tons of carbon-acid lithium production, raising its domestic ranking to 4, just below that of the lithium industry, the southern lithium electricity and the Tianchi lithium industry.
In addition to the 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity available in the blue-coated lithium industry, the company’s 30,000-ton device, in collaboration with Biadi, is currently being tested. In the future, the company will have 60,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity.
The company uses chlorine as its core, making full use of salt lake halogen water resources, and promoting the development of ladders for salt lake resources such as potassium, sodium, magnesium, lithium, and baboon. In the development process, the old halogen water extracted from potassium chloride is enriched by evaporation, the extraction of products such as magnesium chloride and lithium carbonate, and the integrated use of salt lake resources.
In addition, the secondary use of resources after potassium salt lakes has reduced the cost. The chain of production in the Blue Lithium industry is part of the chain of recycling in the Salt Lake shares, and the salt lake shares are emitted from each year of potassium fertilizer production.
With about 200,000 to 300,000 tons of lithium chloride, which corresponds to 200 to 300 million tons of old carbonate. For each ton of lithium carbonate production, 2,000 tons of halogen water is required, and the saline lake shares of older halogen water emissions can support the production of 15 to 20 million tons of lithium carbonate per year in the Blue Lithium industry.
The company’s salt lake lithium business started early, with one resource, cost, and technology.
Market prices are still rising, and the profitability of the company’s lithium carbonate business will increase significantly. At the same time, the demand for lithium carbonate is expected to grow steadily in the future, based on the high profile of industries such as a new energy vehicle downstream of lithium carbonate.
The domain will lead to double performance and valuation for companies, opening up the second growth curve. 3.3. Build a world-class salt lake industry base, with a solid development base The country attaches great importance to the integrated development of salt lake resources and actively promotes the transformation of the Salt Lake industry in the Qinghai region.
March Xi Jinping, during the deliberations of the Qinghai delegation at the XIII National People's Congress, stressed: “The need to accelerate the construction of a world-class salt lake industry base, taking into account the strengths and resources of the Qinghai industry, through the implementation of innovative development strategies.” Qinghai Action Programme for Building a world-class salt lake industry base, December 2021
The publication (2021-2035) will make every effort to promote the transformation and upgrading of the Salt Lake industry in the Qinghai Sea, optimize the industrial layout and increase the integrated use of Salt Lake resources. The objective is to bring the Salt Lake industry to 120 billion yuan by 2035, and the world-class Salt Lake industry base is almost complete, forming a cluster of Salt Lake industries with international influence.
Some of the policies and spirits that support the development of the salt lake industry will seek to build a world-class salt lake industry base, with a solid foundation for development. The core concept of the future is to build a “resource + capital + technology + market” and implement “a nuclear two-wing, multi-pronged support,”
“Eco-priority” strategic deployments. “One nuclear”: at the core of raising the level of integrated use of salt lake resources; “two wings”: one for potassium fertilizer and the other for lithium electric new energy materials. In potassium fertilizer, the development of potassium resources, potassium fertilizer production, downstream compost, high-value added potassium salt, etc., is enhanced through strategic cooperation.
The integration of enterprises to achieve full-scale chain layout: in terms of new energy materials for lithium electricity, consolidation of the cost and technological advantages of lithium salt lakes, and active extension of the industrial chain into a large-scale lithium-power industry, moving towards serialization, high quality and diversification.
Figure 37. The company's strategic deployment of “one nuclear two-wing, multiple-point support, ecological priority” Since the second half of 2021, the price of Salt Lake's main business shares has been on the rise and the performance of the public sector has improved overall. We assume that: (1) in terms of prices, potassium chloride and lithium carbonate are currently in place.
Historically high, prices fell and became rational in 2022; (2) on the production side, it is assumed that the company’s performance in the coming years, based on the company’s recent upturn in potassium chloride, lithium carbonate, and the company’s yield of lithium carbonate, offers new scope for growth. The company’s performance is still expected to be excellent in the coming years.
Increased environmental safety policies, volatile prices of staple products, shrinking domestic salt lake resources, etc. 1
As a result of the upgrading of environmental policies,2 prices of staple products are volatile: the prices of company-owned business products are now in the way of rising prices, which does not preclude illegal firms from disrupting markets, pushing prices and hoarding goods, which lead to price differences.
3. The shrinking of domestic salt lake resources: our mining of Salt Lake Tharkhan has been going on for more than 70 years, and there may be signs of shrinking resources and falling production in parts of the Salt Lake region.