The fall in the price of the cast plate led to a decline in the Māori rate, which in the first half of the year was $5,075 million, a decline of 3.29 per cent in the same year.
Quarterlyly, the q2 operating income increased by 3.47 per cent over the same period, and by 48.83 per cent over the same period. `North New Wood (000786)' _ [The net profit of JBW q2 recovered to the same level last year, with a slight decline in the Māori rate but a marked improvement in the ring ratio.
The next city, the market rate continues to rise.
According to the regional market, the Western region is very active.

In the first half of the year, the company spent 12.07 per cent of its total sales, adding 1.32 percentage points to last year's grant.
The sales cost rate rose by about 0.29 percentage points, mainly because of the cost of new production, but the income growth slowed.
During the reporting period, the company ' s gypsum board was operational at 2.7 billion square metres, increasing its size by 21.78 per cent, making steady progress towards the construction of a 3 billion sq. m production layout of the gypsum board, drawing on an integrated analysis of markets and resources and developing a new round of new global stones in the North, taking into account the market situation and the needs of the company ' s development.
Plan to expand the global production profile of the cardboard industry to about 5 billion square metres (about 4 billion square metres in the country and 1 billion square metres overseas), accompanied by 500,000 tons of the production capacity of the bone, speed up the construction and development of the niche, and further strengthen and consolidate the North.
In the case of construction sites, investment returns, etc., the company will submit to its own internal authority when conditions are in place. The pe should be 40/12/11x, respectively.
U.S. lawsuits closed for the company’s long-term development, moving up to a “buy-in” rating. Risk of large price increases for raw materials; peband
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.