New material in the North (000786): Plasma plate taps, high elasticity and growth, new material in the North.
The new material in the North is the leading company in the production of cast boards in our country, where the share of industry is over 60%. The cardboard is collected in the dollar. The company also issued a performance forecast for the three-quarters of 2019, with a net return to the mother for the first three quarters at 3,500.
The U.S. litigation has led to a significant decline in profits and a relatively stable business. The new cast in 209h1 North has generated $1.862 billion in off-the-shelf expenditures in litigation in the U.S., resulting in a significant net return on the mother's debt and cross-share presentation:
In terms of operating income, there is still a steady increase, with business profits showing a contraction of just 5.59% over the same period, with no significant negative impact on business overall. Companies expect a low level of aggregate demand in the third quarter to affect their performance, and robust development remains the main tone. Real estate fell in 2019.
The demand for gypsum cannot be released. The company’s market share is about 60%, and low aggregate demand has a clear impact on corporate sales. Companies have a loose sales-granting policy, but the receivables are only $405 million, small in size, reflecting the strategic positioning of the firm’s sound development.
The company’s sales price was not able to carry the cost up, leading to the company’s Māori rate at a level where the flowb share/h share (million shares) continued to expand, producing flexible and growing performance.
The global layout targets 5 billion square metres (4 billion square metres in the country and 1 billion square metres abroad) and self-build paper-based capacity. The current high-market rate has given companies a strong basis for performance resilience, and further expansion will strengthen the vanguard position.
Together, development is robust, and once demand improves performance elasticity while overseas expansion opens up a new growth path, maintaining a firm’s “highly recommended” investment rating.
East Hing Securities Co. reported new material in the North (000786); high elasticity and growth of gestation of taps; figure 1: Māori rate of new wood in the North
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
(b) The Golden Wing Award is the number one in the construction materials industry.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the paper are clear.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.