In the North, the industry is growing faster and the new material is growing faster, and the company's main cardboard, the world's largest producer, has more than half of the country's cities.
In the face of upstream resource constraints and price volatility, companies’ bargaining power is evident. High brand value, well-developed marketing networks, power suppliers, real estate, decorating companies, and a healthy financial position.
The gypsum industry is growing steadily, and there is still plenty of room for the future. The production of the gypsum is increasing steadily, but there is still a large gap between the rest of the country, from the ceiling to the wall, from the construction to the home, and there is still room for growth in the domestic gypsum market, with the spread of assembly buildings.
Environmental policy plus, industry is integrated into the leading companies. The ban on solid waste has been reducing the quota for waste paper imports. The amount of recently approved waste paper imports has been reduced directly to zero. The price of face paper as the main raw material of the cardboard will be subject to a certain upward pressure, and the company’s bargaining power will be highlighted.
It's the world's number one, faster layout, with a target of 3 billion square metres. Since 2004, the size of the new castboard business in North China has been China's first in three years and Asia's first in five years.
Now the world's number one. Last year, the second-largest building material to restructure the industry created a “dream card” and began to market abroad, creating several new production lines since the beginning of the year.
Nationally, it successfully covered high-end and middle-end markets. The two brands under the banner, Dragon and Tarzan, had a very high brand profile and reputation. The new Dream Cards were used to eliminate counterfeit products from the market.
Co-operation agreement, multi-channel distribution of gypsum products, based on the market price of July 17, 2019, considering the future of the gypsum, the current company ' s accelerated production and brand layout, and us.
Sino-Sino International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Construction materials: other building materials