The annual report, 2023, shows that, under IFRS, the company returned in 2023.
Net profits of $64,625 million, unless influenced by factors, are mainly due to differences in the accounting standards’ approach to cost accounting.
In 2023, the price of coal fell by 23 per cent, but the company ' s combined price fell by only 9.3 per cent. In 2024, the company ' s coal branch performed reasonably well.
In 2023, the coal branch achieved a revenue of 273.306 billion yuan, a decrease of 1.5 per cent in the same year; and Māori.
Cow bear cycle, high-value coal giants are worth millions of kilowatt hours, up 11.1 per cent from the same year, and revenue from the power generation business is $92,407 million from the same year.
Cow bear cycle, high-value coal giants are valued at thousands of kilowatts, which is 4,333,000 kilowatts more than at the end of 22; using an average of 5167 hours, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period, with coal-fired machine assembly capacity of 4,316,000 kilowatts, an increase of the same year.
▪ The profits of the transport plate and the coal industry have decreased to varying degrees. The transport plate rail branch, port branch, and shipping division recorded a combined total of 54.546 billion yuan, a decline in the same proportion over the reporting period.
In addition, companies will not significantly increase capital spending in the short term, nor will they have large debt-servicing needs, with a rate of 8.27% in Hong Kong. We analyze that the current rate of 5.96% in China’s Shunhuaa shares compared to 4.32% in 2018 when the market was depressed, and the same rate of long operations.
In the future, in a low-interest-rate market environment, the interest rate of the company will be close to the Yangtze power, with expected dividends and a profit forecast and investment rating: the company’s business model is unique, both domestically and internationally, and is a relatively scarce resource-oriented coal power integrated operator.
There is almost 32% room for price increases. So, considering the company’s steady growth and high dividends avoidance, we maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating.
The company has been operating smoothly, with a marked increase of RMB 1 billion, a decrease of 1.5 per cent in the same year, mainly due to a decline in the average sale price of coal; the realization of RMB 87,554 million, which represents approximately 71.18 per cent of the total value of Māori prior to the group merger and 32.04 per cent of the Māori rate of coal, a decrease of 3.88 pct in the same year.
The combined revenues recorded during the reporting period by the railway branch of the transport plate, the port branch and the shipping division amounted to 54.546 billion yuan, a decline of 0.26 per cent over the same period, and the Māori mark of 19.139 billion yuan, a decrease of 10.12 per cent over the same period; the coal industry contributed to the collection of 6,098 million dollars in chemical products, polyethylene and the fall in the average sales price of polypropene.
Coal sales have grown steadily to boost robust performance at a more affordable rate, affected by the orderly expansion of coal resources, licensing and production capacity, and companies have obtained mining licences for coal sales at the same level as the first and second wells of the new street of the Göran Temple mining area.
The Usu open-air mine has completed a change in the scope of mining rights and obtained a new mining licence.
In addition, the company’s performance is more stable, benefiting from a high share of coal sales. In corporate coal sales, the monthly and annual COSAs together account for 82% of coal sales, with 57.5% annual and 4.50 pct more than the 2022 year-on-year.
As a result, the average price of coal sold by the company has changed less than monthly. The annual sale of coal has continued to rise, and the company’s coal plate performance has been more stable and less affected by the volatility of coal prices. The company’s coal performance has been less affected by the volatility of coal prices.
The combined sale price of the division was 584 yuan per ton, a decline of only 9.3 per cent, and the coal branch achieved a significant increase in the distribution and sale of electricity in 2023, when the average price of coal-fired purchases increased by 11.1 per cent in comparison with the previous increase, while the revenue from the power generation operation was 92.407 billion yuan, an increase of 9.3 per cent over the same period, at a cost of 76.785 billion yuan.
The coal machine assembly capacity of 4,316,000 kW, an increase of 10.21% over the same year, using an average of 5221 hours, increased by the same year, including construction works, the second phase of expansion of the Guangdong Long-Range Power Plant, and the second phase of expansion of the Hiroshima North-West Sea Power Plant, with $4.307 billion in capital expenditure for new energy operations, mainly for photovoltaic projects in Guangdong, Jiangxi, etc.
It is stated that the capital expenditure plan for 2024 may change as business plans develop (including potential acquisitions), capital projects progress, market conditions, prospects for the future business environment and obtaining the necessary licensing and approval documents.The size of the monetary funds and financial assets actually held by companies during the reporting period totalled $15,749 million.
There is no high demand for debt servicing in the short term, and the cash flow is stable. The company reported a cash share of $44.903 billion in 2023, and our analysis suggests that the current rate of 5.96 per cent of China’s Shunhuaa shares relative to the rate of corporate dividends in 2018, when the market shrunk, shows a sharp decline in the growth rate of the domestic economy: domestic economic growth has declined significantly and demand has fallen, resulting in insufficient demand for electricity.
2. Lower demand for coal is not as high as expected: there is a risk of declining demand downstream of coal as a result of the macroeconomic downturn, and coal prices may not be as high as expected if the policy is to be maintained. 3. Accidents of safe production result in less than expected coal production: accidents of safe production in coal production have a incidental effect
China’s three major financial forecasting tables, the East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.