Incidents: Eli published the annual report 2021 and the first quarterly report 2022. On April 27, Eli published the annual report 2021 and the first quarterly report 2022. The company achieved business income of $11,144 million in 2021.
In 2021, the profits and profits increased and 22q1 continued the trend. In terms of revenue collection, the company collected $11,144 million in 2021, breaking the 100 billion mark for the first time, a year-on-year increase.
A steady growth of $30,913 million, a 13.40 per cent increase. On the profit side, the increase is even sharper. In 2021, the company returned $8,705 million to its mother net profit, a year-on-year increase to the effects of the Olympic cost. 22q1, the net profit to its mother was 3,519 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
24.32 per cent, net profit excluding non-mortality amounts to $3.290 billion, an increase of 25.18 per cent over the same period, which exceeds the city’s gross sales margin and increases the net profit margin. The company adjusted its accounting policy in 2021 to include part of its sales and management costs as operating costs. The company’s Māori rate in 2021 was increased by 25.18 per cent over the city’s gross sales margin.
In 2021, the basic plate of liquid milk earned 20 billion medals, gold medals, and Ammush brands. Gold has the same share, up from 0.64 pct, which is the highest organic milk class; and a thick series of pure milk captures a strong and depressed mouth.
"Ely shares: the King's glory, his sense of stability, a 60% increase in the same harvest, and a 30% increase in the same amount of milk to meet the needs of the unresponsible population. " 22q1, the liquid milk camp is still the same under the adverse conditions of the epidemic.
As the company's new growth pole, the milk powder business was able to raise the gold medal by $10 billion in 2021, the city's share was 1.4 pct higher, and the adult powder market was equal to that of the Sunda Stock Company.
Upgraded by 2.2pc, in late 2021, to top the market. 22q1, milk powder in the industry.
Still strong growth, with a 35.3 per cent increase in the same year's harvest, the cold-drinking business also performed brightly, with $7,161 million in 2021, an increase of 16.28 per cent in the same year, a decrease of 0.61 pt for the same year, and a 27-year-long tap in the cold-drinking industry.
Warm, cold, and b-end multiple layouts, with more than 150% increase in income, a significant increase in city occupancy, 6.3 pct, and a market share at the top of the cheese market. Looking ahead: a new round of growth has begun quietly.
\triangleright Upstream milk source integration to reinforce the upstream milk source barriers; horizontal control of the O-Yon dairy industry to enhance the synergy of milk powder operations; innovative corporate incentive models to drive the growth of cheese business; and global knitting
By 2022, companies were planning to earn $129.6 billion in total operating income, with profit forecasts and investment ratings: the epidemic had less impact and the bottom was strongly recommended.
In the east of China, the impact is relatively localized, and is now under control, and it is not too scary for a national enterprise like Eli. The demand for healthy white milk under the epidemic continues to grow, the medium-term market for milk powder rises, and the price of milk is likely to be higher.
Given that Ao Yu has completed the stock transfer on March 31, we are going to make projections. We have planned for Shenzhen to conduct a study by the National Land Commission on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (NSF) to focus on macros, macros, macros, macros, and macros.
Real estate, fiscal issues. In 2015, the country entered the post with a sales + research experience, a focus on the industry and its shareholdings, an in-depth study and follow-up of sections such as white wine, leisure food, spices, frozen foods, etc., with an emphasis on valuation components that are not, or are not, relevant and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.