After many years of development, Walluheung has become the leading multi-occupational coal company in the industry.
On the other hand, the company’s 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project is leading the gasification platform, “multiline” soft cogeneration. After years of technological and industrial upgrading, the company has become the leading coal industry in the country, building a “multiline” revolving economy.
The company’s main production capacity is currently 2.2 million tonnes/year of urea, 600,000 tonnes/year of acetic acid, dmf250,000/year, 200,000 tonnes/year of methamine, 50,000 tonnes/year of ethanol, and X2.
Acid 160,000 tonnes/year, melamine 50,000 tonnes/year, etc.. In addition, 500,000 tonnes/year of ethanol acetic acid expansion is expected to continue at a high level, and the “one-line” industrial chain represents a cost advantage. The acid price hub has continued to move upward since 2018.
In addition, downstream paints are growing at a steady rate, pta is pulling demand back, and the acetic acid industry as a whole is expected to remain high. Domestic exports of acetic acid in 2017 amounted to 457,000 tons, corresponding to an increase of 90.4 per cent, and exports are expected to increase further in 2018. Companies have a capacity of 600,000 acetic acids.
Tons/year, and “one-line” industrial chain cost advantages are clear and more resilient. The price of acetic acid rose by $1,000/t, and the company’s pss grew by 0.27 per cent, with an oral capacity of 60.57 per cent. According to the company’s 2017 annual report, 500,000 tons of ethanol were produced annually by project workers.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
The company was established in 2000 in Texas, Shandong Province, as a coal industry company listed in 2002. With clean gasification technology, the company focused on integrated use of resources and synergistic development and built a “multiline” chain of circular economic industries.
Major products include urea, acetic acid and derivatives, dmf, adipic acid and intermediates, organamine, ethylene diol, etc.
Chains, current major production capacities include 2.2 million tonnes/year of urea, 600,000 tonnes/year of acetic acid, 250,000 tonnes/year of dmf/year, 200,000 tonnes/year of methamine, 160,000 tonnes/year of ethylene diazine, 50,000 tonnes/year of melamine, etc. In addition, the company's expansion of 500,000 tonnes/year of ethanol project is expected to result in equity structure: the National Finance Committee is the actual controller of the company
Since the start of the company, the company's de facto controller has been Waluhing Group Limited. According to the company's 2017 report, the company owns 32.32% of the stock of the company. The company's parent company is Wallowing Group Limited, a State-owned sole proprietor of Shandong Province. The company has developed into a pharmaceutical, chemical, international trade, real estate company.
Figure 3. Corporate equity structure, equity incentives to increase motivation. At the end of 2015, companies introduced equity incentives for their operators, granting 5.24 million shares to their incentive recipients.
The second and third phases are expected to be unlocked in late 2018 and late 2019.
The Department changed the structure of the single industry to urea, dmf, and the release of capacity led to a rise in total profits. The company started the “200,000 tonnes/year acetic acid project” in 2006, followed by the “100,000 tonnes/year acetic anhydride project” in 2008, the “160,000 tonnes/year adipic acid project” in 2010, the company’s construction of polyols, nitrates, melamine lines in 2011 and the construction of ethanol in 2016.
The size of corporate fixed assets reached 10 billion yuan a year, and the size of fixed assets grew 23.53 times in 15 years. The size of corporate collections also grew at a pace from the market, and the efficiency and profitability of fixed assets has remained stable in recent years, reflecting strong firm resistance to cyclical fluctuations, supply-side reforms driving higher product prices and strong growth in corporate performance. In 2012-2016, firms faced excess capacity and capital in their industries.
In 2017, with catalytic changes on the supply side and environmental protection, the company’s main product prices rose, and the industry recovered. In 2017, the company was operating at $1 billion, a significant increase of 207.98% over the previous year, making it a new high since the company’s inception.
Prices of products such as adipic acid and acetic acid have increased in varying degrees. With the completion of the upgrading of traditional industries and the transformation of cleaner production complexes by the end of 2017, the capacity of ethanol will increase further and the combined cost will decrease effectively, while the company’s 500,000 tons/year ethanol project is expected to start production in the second half of the year, and corporate profitability will continue to improve.
Figure 8. Corporate business income. The Māori rate of products has risen and the cost rate has been declining over time. The price of beneficial products has increased by 4.43 percentage points from the 2015 to the same year, except for fertilizer operations. Moreover, the company ' s constant technical changes in products have kept its costs at lower levels in the industry.
The price of chemical products hovered low and the Māori rate of more businesses declined, but companies benefited from their gasification platforms and could adapt their product structure to market dynamics and increase their value-added products, thus maintaining a stable combined Māori rate during the period. Starting in the second half of 2017, the prices of the company’s core products went up, with a Māori rate of 23.18 per cent reported in 2018, a rate that has risen in recent years.
Diagram 14. Wallu-Henl vs. Roe, Chart 15. Wallu-Hin-Il vs. Mäori-Ir-Mäori, Chart 16. Waru-Hen-Il vs. Per capita income of the same company
Figure 17: Comparison of Wallu-Hingl with the average per capita profits of his partner companies New materials for the New and Old Dynamic Energy Conversion Project in Shandong Province, released in early 2018 an overall new and old kinetic energy conversion programme aimed at actively exploring new and old energy conversion models and promoting economic development
In June 2018, Shandong Province identified 450 priority projects for the first batch of major new and old kinetic energy conversion projects, with a total investment of $1.8 trillion. New industries accounted for 59% of them.
The company has selected 1.5 million tons of new green chemical materials (including ethylene diol, endydoxine, amino resin, ammonium and nylon, etc.). Precision dichloride, amino resin, ammonium and nylon are all further extended into the company's existing industrial chain and contribute to the competitiveness of the company. Gasification platforms: key to the company's cost advantage.
The use of water slurry and pressure gasification processes to establish cost advantages, and with environmental tightening, the clean and efficient use of coal is gaining importance. Gasification technologies play a crucial role in the clean transformation of coal as an important foundation for the clean and efficient use of coal and as a key technology.
6.5mpa, a gas furnace system with a capacity of 750 tonnes/day of coal, was officially put into operation in July 2005. The company uses water gasification techniques to replace fixed-bed gasification processes, which employ multi-jet (four nozzles) water flaring and pressure gasification techniques that are of a high degree of continuity.
Figure 19. Gasification technology companies have a relatively high cost advantage. The texaco water slurry gas process can be used as a feedstock for lower-priced coal, and the industry uses traditional fixed-bed processes in large quantities to produce high-priced, smoke-free coal.
Tons, so the cost of corporate synthesizing gas is significantly lower than the industry average. Soft cogeneration, generating benefits, companies using gas as a technology platform, synthesizing gas for synthetic ammonia, methanol, etc. products are further processed in dmf, ethanol, etc.
downstream products such as acetic acids. Companies can actively restructure their products according to market demand, increasing the proportion of chemical products, reducing risks and generating benefits effectively. First, based on market conditions for urea, methanol and acetic acid, companies can effectively regulate ammonia devices. Second, dmf and organochlorine raw materials are both methanol and synthetic ammonia, and companies can adjust according to market demand for organamine and dmf;
After that, the ethanol raw material synthesizing gas came from the acetic acid energy-saving adaptation project, where flexible co-production with acetic acid was carried out.
The company has always focused on controlling production costs, continuously optimizing installations, increasing technological inputs, improving the quality of products, and further reducing operating costs.
Reductions; diversification of urea products and energy-saving technological modifications and optimisation of ammonia-synthetic energy systems to achieve energy-saving energy reduction; and also a number of energy-saving technology adaptation projects for space-based sub-plants to improve integrated resource utilization and reduce energy consumption. Third, environmental management projects, such as the project on industrial upgrading and cleaner production, reducing the consumption of raw materials for coal and utilities and reducing environmental pollution; and the restructuring of boilers.
Projects, reducing pollutant emissions, reducing energy consumption, etc. As technology upgrading projects become operational and companies compete more at the end of production costs.
The acetic acid industry: good supply and demand, high start rates over many years, demand recovery, acetic acid kick-starts the climate cycle Acetic acid (also known as acetic acid) is an important organic chemical feedstock that generates hundreds of downstream products, such as acetic acid, ethylene acetic acid, acetic acid.
Fibres, acetic anhydride, phenylacetic acid (pta), chloroacetic acid and metallic acetic acid, which are widely used in textiles, light manufacturing, chemicals, medicine, food products, industrial chains of acetic acid. Acetic acid is mainly used in the synthesis of pta, ethylene acetic acid and ethyl acetic acid, which together account for 62 per cent of total acetic acid consumption.
The apparent consumption of acetic acid amounted to 6,4826,000 tons, an increase of 1.48 per cent over the same period. Global consumption of acetic acid amounted to 1,405.3 million tons, an increase of 2.69 per cent over the same period, and our consumption accounted for 46.13 per cent of the global consumption. Domestic demand for acetic acid is expected to rise as industries such as downstream pta flourish.
Figure 24. China and the global consumption of acetic acid have gradually increased their production capacity and demand for acetic acid.
The demand for gas, pta, continues to grow. According to the data from the middle-fibre network, the production capacity of the pta in the country has increased in an outbreak from 2010 to 2012, and in 2013 figure 25.
Pta's new production capacity was released to boost demand for acetic acid. From 2018 to 2020, the country's new and reproducing capacity was higher, with China's pta petrochemicals (formerly Far East petrochemicals) and Fujian chemicals (formerly pyrome petrochemicals) totalling 4.4 million tons. In 2018, the new production capacity consisted of strontium quartz (2.2 million tons/year), the Blue Hill River (6 million tonnes/year) and Sichuan Yida (1 million tonnes/year).
ethylene acetate (vac) is also known as ethylene acetate, an important organic material, mainly for organics.
Polymeric substances such as polyacetic ethylene (pvac), polyethylene alcohol (pvoh), ethylene-ethylene condensate (vae) or co-polymer resin (eva) have been used for a wide range of uses in paints, slurry, adhesives, vitamins, thin membranes, leather processing, synthetic fibres, etc. Developments in the construction and coating industry in the last two years, with ethylene acetylene watch consumption of 189.8 million tons in 2017, an increase of 7.17% over the same period.
Figure 29. Increased consumption of ethylene acetic acid (AAT) in the country on a visual basis. Figure 28. Downstream consumption of ethylene acetic acid (AAT) as a percentage of paint (paint) production increases to increase demand for ethyl acetic acid.
In the fields of ink coating, glue, medicine, etc., the ink packaging accounted for 54% of total demand. From 2010 to 2017, our consumption of acetic acetic esters doubled to the current 1,288.1 million tons, with a compound increase of 11.17%. From downstream, the production of paint (paints) in 2017 was 20.41 million tons, an increase of 7.43% compared with the sales of merchandise houses in 2017 of 1,694 million square metres.
The increase in demand is further supported by an increase of 7.66 per cent over the previous seven months of 2018, with sales of 900 million square metres, or 421 per cent over the same period.
Figure 32. Production of paints (paints) has continued to increase
The rate of growth in capacity has slowed and the rate of utilization has increased. The country ' s acetic acid production has expanded significantly in 2009-2012, with a decline in capacity utilization and the industry facing an annual production capacity of 8.65 million tons per year, the same level as in 2016; the rate of production of 6,924,000 tons, with a capacity utilization rate of 80.05 per cent, has reached the level of domestic acetic acid production and production.
According to Drogen, the nominal capacity for acetic acid production is 8.65 million tonnes/year, with the main production firms being Jiangsu Sopo, Seranis, Shandong-seung, Wu-hyeong Shanghai, and the top five enterprises accounting for 49.71 per cent of the total, with a higher concentration of industry. New domestic production capacity is limited and supply patterns are improving. Overseas Acetic acid producers are the company Serranis and bp Chemical;
Mainly the Jiang Susop (Group) and the Shanghai U.J. Chemical Industries, of which Serranis is the world's largest producer of acetic acid, with a capacity of 3.150,000 tonnes/year, with production facilities in the United States, Singapore and Nanjing; bp Chemical is the world's second largest producer of acetic acid, with a capacity of 2.795,000 tonnes/year in Nanjing, China, the United Kingdom, South Korea, Malaysia and Taiwan, China
Figure 36. The future of our new acetic energy program, the overhaul of installations abroad, and the strong growth of acetic acid exports. For reasons of force majeure, such as the ageing of overseas installations, poor start-up and other factors, tight supply of acetic acid on the international market, and a marked rise in spot prices in the United States, India, South-East Asia, etc., have turned to China for a source of acetic acid.
According to data, exports of acetic acid in 2017 amounted to 457,300 tons, a significant increase of 90.38 per cent over the previous year, of which exports to India amounted to 3008 million tons, or 65.77 per cent.
Figure 38. India is our main destination for acetic acid exports.
Production, waste management and feedstock recycling are integrated organically. Companies use processes that are better than other production methods in the areas of water, steam, electricity consumption, etc., at lower cost.
Environmental surveillance, heating of demand, and rising prices for products related to the acetic acid chain. Environmental surveillance started in 2016 to play a larger role in the re-emergence of acetic acid. According to the information from Begawa, acetic acid rose from $1,650 per ton in mid-February 2016 to $5,550 per ton in June 2018 and then fell back to $4,450 per ton.
The company has a capacity of 600,000 tonnes/ton of acetic acid, the price of acetic acid increases by 1,000 ton, and the price of pers increases by 0.27.
Figure 40. Price difference between acetic acid and methanol  Price difference (right axis)
Ethylene ethanol Industry: Global supply and demand mismatches, large-scale imports of alternative space ethanol used mainly in synthetic polyester fibres and ethanol known as glycol, is an important base material for petrochemicals, mainly for synthetic pets, soakers, plasticizers and uses
Solvents such as dyes, ink, etc. can also be used as wet lubricants for glass paper, fibres, leather, glues. Figure 42. The ethanol synthesis process. The downstream products of the ethanol industrial chain are mainly polyester fibres.
The ratio was 64.20 per cent and 11.80 per cent, respectively, while the foreign share was mainly for polyester products and anti-frozen fluids, with demand at 76.40 per cent and 13.40 per cent respectively.
According to Bloomberg data, global consumption of ethanol in 2016 was 26,658,000 tons, an increase of 4.11 per cent over the previous year. In terms of consumption in the ethanol sub-region, we were the largest consumer of ethanol, accounting for 50.78 per cent of total consumption in that year. According to Marketandmarket data, the global market for ethanol in 2016 was $23.12 billion and is expected to reach $30.4 billion in 2022.
Figure 45. Global consumption of ethanol in calendar years
Global consumption of ethanol (left axle) has benefited from an increase in the production of long-line ethanol, which has returned to growth. In 2017 we produced 25,986.5 million tons of long-line ethanol, an increase of 9.81 per cent compared to the previous year. This has led to an increase in consumption of 1,4446,000 tons, an increase of 14.90 per cent compared to the previous year.
We are expected to continue to increase our consumption of ethylene diol, as a result of the production of ethanol in the production of ethanol in the production of ethanol in the production of ethanol in the production of ethanol in the production of ethanol in the production of ethanol in the production of ethanol in the production of the filaments in the country in the calendar years.
Figure 49. Our future new polyester production capacity, our import of ethanol, is highly dependent, and there is much room for substitution. As our oil-based ethanol process progresses and coal-based ethanol technology matures, the domestic self-sufficiency rate of ethanol has steadily increased, and import dependence has gradually declined from 73% in 2010 to 60% at present.
The apparent consumption of ethanol in 2017 was 1,444.6 million tons, imports 8.7501 million tons and imports 60.57 per cent. Chart 51. Our main importer of ethanol. Chart 50. We have a high level of ethanol import dependency.
The demand for ethanol will rise significantly with the heating of textile clothing demand and the expansion of polyester production capacity. In 2017, the net import of ethanol was 8.73 million tons and the import dependence was 60.45 per cent. According to data from the middle fibre network, the new polyester production capacity released in 2018 was about 6 million tons/year, and the potential for release was about 4 million tons/year. Polyester production reached 46.33 million tons in 2018, at a single consumption level of 0.33 tons/ton.
The demand for ethanol is 15.47 million tons, and there is still a gap in demand.
At the end of supply: energy growth is sustained, coal-based ethanol or the dominant ethanol supply is concentrated. Global ethanol production in 2016 was 312,707 tons, an increase of 6.72 per cent compared to the previous year, mainly from the Asia-Pacific region. The Asia-Pacific region produced 16,0258 million tons, or 51.25 per cent of the total.
In terms of material and other constraints, the world ' s meg production is relatively concentrated, accounting for the former EPC, sabic, Taur Chemical, Shell Chart 55. The Asia-Pacific region has a larger share of ethanol production.
Figure 56. The main ethanol production capacity in the world is dominated by ethylene oxide. In 2017, the country produced 8.32 million tons of ethylene, yielding 57.14 million tons, with a capacity utilization rate of 68.68 per cent. The existing installations in the country are based on the petroleum ethylene route, accounting for 61.78 per cent of total capacity, with a high degree of correlation between production and consumption.
To concentrate on the regions of China, China, China, North and China; coal production of ethanol is 31.25%. Lower-stream applications are limited and the overall operation of the device is less stable due to factors such as the permeability and trace impurities of prior coal-based ethanol products.
At the beginning of 2009, coal-based ethanol was listed as a national petrochemical industry adjustment and revitalization programme. The development of coal-based ethanol has helped both to alleviate the petrochemical disadvantage caused by our oil scarcity and to address the coal problem.
As technological processes and catalysts develop, products can be used in the downstream polyester industry, with a large number of coal-based ethanol projects on board, and production capacity can be released into the expansion phase. According to information from Begawa, the country will be able to produce 6.24 million tons of ethanol in 2018-2019, of which 5.34 million tons are coal-based synthetics.
Figure 59. Our coal industry policy in recent years Figure 60. Our new ethanol production capacity in recent years. Cost side: Coal ethanol is more competitive.
On a global scale, ethanol feedstocks in the Middle East are mostly fuel-fed, with lower costs; and ethanol feedstocks in the United States are mainly shale gas, with overall combined costs lower than domestic costs. Based on oil prices of $70-80 per barrel, the ethylene oxide process in the country is generally a quartz oil ethylene route at a combined cost of $6,335 per tonne. The cost advantage of coal ethylene routes is based on the cost advantage.
The company has a technological lead, with a significant drop in single-ton investment. The company now has 50,000 tons of coal/year ethanol production, and after years of practice and exploration, the product quality has reached polyester level, with 500,000 tons of quality expected to reach polyester level.
One-ton investment is 0.9 million yuan per ton, while 500,000 tons per ton per year of project investment is 0.53 million yuan per ton. In terms of process technology, companies have accumulated a wealth of technical experience, costs have been significantly reduced, and there is a clear advantage in future competition in the ethanol market and a basis for long-term profitability.
In agriculture, urea can be used for the production of compost, or for direct use as nitrogen fertilizer; in industry, urea can be used as melamine, syrup, hydrazine, etc.
Raw materials for a variety of chemical products. Chart 63. urea industrial chain Demand end: demand for agriculture is still good and demand for man-made panels is increasing industrial demand
According to Bloomberg, global urea consumption in 2016 was 174 million tons, down 0.64 per cent from the same year, resulting from low global prices for agricultural products. East Asia accounted for 67.986 million tons of urea consumption, or 38.96 per cent of total consumption in the same year, according to the urea sub-area consumption.
Figure 65. Global urea consumption by region, 2016
The crop cover has been reduced, and the demand for urea has declined. urea is used mainly for wheat, maize, rice, and other large-field crops, which together account for about 50% of the total demand. In 2017, the area of wheat and rice sowing was 23.987 million hectares, 30.07.6 million hectares, and the same amount as in 2016.
In 2017, the area covered by maize was 35.4452 million hectares, a decrease of 2.6741 million hectares compared to 2015. According to the national data compiled on agricultural cost gains, the use of maize urea per hectare was 117.15 kg in 2016, reducing the use of urea by 31.33 million tons. As a result, the impact on the demand for urea will be reduced by judging the reduction in the area under maize cultivation.
Figure 66. urea consumption in the country as a percentage of consumption
The industrial demand for urea has increased steadily. The industrial use of urea is mainly downstream in the areas of man-plating, denitrification of power plants and melamine, with a ratio of 63 per cent, 16 per cent, and 15 per cent. According to the China Industrial Information Network, industrial consumption of urea in 2016 was 14 million tons, or 15 per cent.
Figure 70. Demand for industrial urea downstream as a proportion of production of man-made plates and melamine continued to grow. In 2016, the production of man-made plates increased by 4.75% from the same year.
In addition, the production of melamine increased significantly by 20.62 per cent in 2017. The demand for urea was estimated at 9.21 million tons in 2017.
Figure 72. Increases in the production of melamine, urea exports have declined significantly, placing pressure on exports from India. The low-cost production of urea in the Middle East and the United States, due to the current low cost of overseas natural gas, has posed a serious challenge for our exports of urea, our price edge has declined, and India has moved to import urea from Iran or Saudi Arabia.
Exports of urea declined significantly in 2017 by 4,656.4 million tons, a significant decrease of 47.51 per cent in the same year. The main export destination countries were India, South Korea, Mexico, Myanmar, and others, accounting for 21.85 per cent, 13.79 per cent, 10.62 per cent, and 6.16 per cent, respectively. Imports of urea to India in 2017 amounted to 101.76 million tons, a significant decrease of 52.24 per cent in the same year.
Tariffs on exports of such products, imports and exports of other raw materials and other fertilizers continue to be applied in 2017, while duties on exports of urea remain at zero.
Supply end: Asian urea is the world ' s largest in terms of continued exit and limited additional capacity. Global urea production was 281 million tons in 2017, an increase of 1.73 per cent over the same period. In terms of regional share, Asia and the Pacific has 207 million tons, or 73.75 per cent.
Figure 75. Global urea productivity growth slowed
Areas with low costs of natural gas, such as the continent. After the peak of overseas production, there will be limited future capacity for additional production abroad, with marginal effects on the supply side of the industry gradually releasing tons of capacity, continuing conflicting demand and supply of urea on the international market, and declining capacity after 2019, with supply and demand patterns for the industry slowing down the future production of urea abroad.
Figure 78. New urea productivity plans for the future of the world
Figure 79. urea production, production and utilization of urea in the country
With environmental protection, costs, etc., the country's urea has been reduced significantly, and it has been able to produce significantly. According to the data, the national urea exit rate was 11.14 million tons in 2015-2017. According to the guidelines for the development of Nitrogen Fertilizer, drawn up by the Association of Nitrogen Fertilizer Industries of China, by 2020, the total capacity for nitrogen fertilizer was controlled at 61 million tonnes/year, with capacity utilization rates.
Figure 81. urea exit capacity in the country since 2015 The prices of methanol and liquid ammonia have increased and partially converted. Domestic urea enterprises use a combination of ammonia to produce urea, which can be adjusted by downstream demand. Synthetic ammonia, as the main raw material for urea, accounts for more than 80% of the total cost of urea production.
And the market for liquid ammonia shows a downward trend, and the profit margin for the production of urea is gradually declining, with some urea firms selling liquid ammonia directly to the outside world. At the same time, the rise in methanol prices since May 2017, as a result of the favourable demand for downstream hydrocarbons, has led to an increase in the proportion of conversions to methanol in many firms and a decrease in the rate of urea initiation.
Figure 82. Price trends in liquid ammonia. Figure 83. Price trends in methanol. Coal price support, high urea price shock.
In mid-2016, urea fell to $1,240 per ton, a difference of $340.8 per ton from raw materials (coal and electricity, steam), and the company remained profitable. As urea continued to produce, the supply and demand patterns of the industry changed considerably, and the company would be the beneficiary of the industry’s long-term shuffling.
Figure 85. Price differentials between urea and raw materials (coal)
dmf, also known as dimethylmethamphetamine, has a strong solubility and is known as a “one-size-fits-all” solvent. It has been widely applied in the industrial fields of medicine, tanning, fibre-optics, petrochemicals, rubber, dyes and paints, and is an important organic material, and downstream is used mainly in the pulp industry, accounting for 70 per cent of total production capacity. The pharmaceutical, pesticide and other food additives and electronics account for about 14 per cent of total production capacity.
As polyurethane solvents pose a significant environmental hazard in their production processes, downstream manufacturers may choose environmentally friendly solvents to replace dmf, but the demand for dmf downstream has not changed significantly.
Figure 87. dmf shows an overcapacity in the dmf industry over the years. According to the information from Begawa, dmf has a total capacity of 990,000 tons, with a start-up rate of about 70%. After the industry price war, small output was phased out, industry concentration increased, and only nine major production firms were able to produce 25 tons a year.
Tens of thousands of tons per year, leading industry firms, with 30% of the country’s municipalities, and some market voice, are expected to keep the Dmf’s Māori ratio high and profitable. The dollar/tonne rises to a maximum price of $6,875 pert. After 2018, downstream demand is weak, dmf prices are falling, and the price of dmf is flat.
Diagram 89.dmf differs from methanol in terms of future production of H2A, no additional capacity, and profits are being made. H2A, also known as O2A, is an important organic binary acid. H2A is mainly used to manufacture 66 fibres and 66 resins for nylons.
In the organic synthesis industry, the use of urethane foam is widespread: it is a base material for dichlorfon, dichloride and can also be used in the production of lubricants, plasticizers, dioctyl adipic acid, medicine, etc.
This is mainly for the production of pulp. This is mainly for the production of pulp, soles of shoes and pa66, which together amounted to 90.8%. In 2017, the consumption of the adipic acid watch was 85.0 million tons, a significant increase of 21.48% from the same year, resulting from downstream pulp and p66 line Figure 92. Domestic adipic acid watch
Company production of adipic acid is mainly based on the cyclohexane method, and the production of adipic acid is relatively concentrated. The company produced 160,000 tons of adipic acid in 2018.
Figure 93. Domestic capacity utilization for adipic acid
The price of the adipic acid continues to rise after 2018, reaching a maximum price of 13,850 yuan per tonne and thereafter remaining relatively high, with a significant increase in the same price range of 5,636.92 tons, driven by higher prices for the main raw materials, such as coal, pure benzene, and a steady increase in downstream demand.
1. The company’s urea, acetic acid, dmf, etc., is a leading coal industry. As the industry’s supply side is recommended, and demand warms, the company’s main product increases in prices, supporting the company.
1. Environmental risks: The company produces a certain amount of waste water, gas, and sludge. As the State pays increasing attention to environmental protection, the new Environmental Protection Act, the Environmental Protection Tax Act and other increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations are enacted, and the environmental standards implemented by the enterprise are also 2 and safe production risks: the company produces processes involving high temperature, pressure, etc., with high operational requirements due to equipment and processes.
The risk of accidental security incidents due to imperfections, poor custody of goods and improper operation.