Performance continued to improve, with a soft and hard combination of long-term growth dynamics, three quarters of steady performance, with corporate corporate profits on track by the end of the third quarter.
Intelligent areas: hard basics, ai and industrial software innovation breakthroughs. Companies rated software and digital technology: soft and hard working, smart age building their own arts services at the core, big client business resilience, consulting and solutions competitiveness, 2024.
Core competitiveness - 2025/09/01 First place in the market share of Chineseit services; joint launch with a large ict lead manufacturer of the manufacturing energy-efficient ai 2. Soft power (301236.sz) one-quarter report in 2025
Industry +ai solution: a steady increase in income, close to the core of technology strengthening, product and technological innovation, release of the ai engineering system, four major projects to connect "ai to the bottom of the ground."
Revenues have grown significantly, and China is a core competitive player in the industrial chain, with the simultaneous launch of the "ai+tool chain solution", the upgrade of the Tianjin knowledge base, the Tianjinai data project, and the continuation of the enhancements - 2025/04/30
In the area of industrial software, upgrading the digital twin of industry 4. Soft Dynamics (301236.sz) Company event evaluation: National Biomodels and Physical Engines, launching the digital twin smarts development framework based on natural language modelling (saas)
Production, intelligence and continuous energy, robotic operations upgrading long-term Growth kinetic energy - 2025/03/05 mode service, registering more than 756 first users; imitation software, self-researched on the basis of the National Production Institute
5. Flexible power (301236.sz) performance forecast for 2024 Releases of fsim2.5, upgraded simulation engine to achieve online diagnosis and optimization of production processes.
For its part, the major clients have entered into strategic cooperation with Asian steel, gold-plate technology, Man Yu technology, steel and steel; the winning China chain tap potential can be extended to 2025/01/27, Zhejiang branch of the Export-Import Bank, Treasures, Win-Sung shares, twins group, Guangdong Farming Group, etc.
1) pc terminals and business-level operations: the Kyotsu Sino-Cities project brought “Kyoki” products into production and the new smart factory came into operation in 2026.
In terms of intelligence products, the Utsong Tianxingw600 machines, the Chinese super-intelligence t40-w9 notes have a 98% rate of national production; the Chinese super-fist (commercial aipc pole), the Chinese super-strength t40-h41 move, and the Chinese super-firch 880 towers workstation.
Sit, launch of China's super-showing 3700ai liquid cold four-carat station, and China's super-strength N810ia2 smart computer server to build the "end-side reasoning plus center training" computing loops; China's moving 427 million people in general-purpose computing of industrial intelligence equipment procurement project; and China's connection to 870 million yuan server collection project, which will be connected to 100,000 office computers.
2) Open-source business: the subsidiary Hong Kong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-kwan launched a distribution programme in the transport, mining and education sectors, launching a flexible and hard integration solution for the Teng-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hu, and creating a model for “general base plus industry distribution” to stimulate cross-end innovation.
3) Intelligent operations: roll-out of the SkySink series k1 (Survey and Mapping), c1 (Surveying Lines), g1 (Royal Corridor Inspection) composite robots, self-researching of the Rose-based smart platform to build situational awareness, mission planning, motion for control integration; replacement of the second generation of special environmental operation robots to achieve high-quality electrical parts
At the same time, the human robotics sector publishes self-research products for silhouette 1 (two feet), a2 (wheeling) and a joint body-intelligent laboratory with the Institute of Ideas with a focus on breaking through the "Treaconomy Brain Model" "Small Brain Model" "Small Brain Combining System".
4) Smart electronics: The Mechanical Revolution has launched Starlight 14, Wing Dragon 16x, Wing Dragon 16Pro, Yoshitra 16ultra, and has established itself in the first pc camp of the national electric competition; and has launched a commercial brand of “single pleasure”, with 1.1 kg of light and mobile commercial notebooks.
At the same time, the company has continued to expand its overseas market: the 30,000 laptops skd procurement project of the Saudi government, which is the winning bidder. With software and digital technology services at its core, the business is resilient, counselling and solutions are more competitive, and China's 2024 service market has been cut off.
Investment proposals: The hardware of the company + the layout of the three basic software \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright. Short-term profit fluctuations do not change long-term development prospects, while companies do.
It is expected that public \triangleright's methodological and analytical logic will lead to conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.