In the first half of the year, companies achieved $10,493 million in operating income, an increase of 21.28 per cent in the same year, 25.03 per cent in the same year, 15.77 per cent in the ring, and $401 million in the net profit from non-repatriation.
Yuan, 41.28 per cent more than year-on-year, 34.56 per cent more ring, Zhang Yinsheng, with high income innovation in the second quarter and sustained recovery of profitability, price fluctuations in raw materials, product structure
The price of 22q2 tyres increased by 26.34 per cent, the ring increased by nearly 110,000 and the ring increased by nearly 360,000.
With the highest level of $5.630 billion in history, net profit from non-repatriation reached $401 million, net interest rates broke through the industry’s low seasons of one or four quarters, net interest rates continued to rise for three consecutive quarters, and while the domestic market was still depressed by a combination of factors such as the epidemic in 22q2
The net interest rate continues to rise by 0.43 percentage points, reaching 7.37%, and is expected to improve in the second half of the year on the basis of falling freight costs and the continued increase in overseas production capacity. Cambodian factories have begun to contribute to their performance, and overseas double base support has continued to fly.
In March, five and a half million steel tires were published in Cambodia, another nine million were added in June 21 and 1.65 million whole steel tires in Cambodia were published in February 2222. With the company’s experience in building the first factory outside the Vietnamese Sea, the company’s Cambodian factory began construction from the factory to the project.
In less than nine months, the company built the plant at an excellent pace, adding a catalytic agent to future performance growth. In the first half of the 22nd year, the Cambodian factory achieved $254 million in revenue and a net profit of $940.09 million.
In addition, Vietnamese factories achieved income of RMB 3,828 million, a 25.18 per cent increase in the same year, net profit of RMB 577 million, a 12.68 per cent increase in the same year.
The upturn has also put pressure on Vietnamese factories to export. With 21 years of q4 Viet Nam’s epidemic policy re-routing production back to normal, while shipping costs have gradually declined in the first half of the 22nd century, the disadvantages of Vietnamese factories are gradually being eliminated, and the profitability of Vietnamese factories continues to increase and fully release their performance.
Swords: New White Horses, New Consumption 2021.2 The Wheel Speed Lead Industry, Shenyang 3.3 million whole steel tires.
Early Production 2020.11: The left arm of the U.S. imports of tyres have increased dramatically, and Cambodia has begun to emerge.
In terms of volume, the United States imports of pcr amounted to 106 million, an increase of 14.34 per cent over the same year, imports of tbr amounted to 1,124 million, an increase of 29.42 per cent over the same year; and, in terms of unit prices, the Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The United States imports a unit price of $57.03 per pcr, an increase of 8.57 per cent over the same period, and an import price of 166.21 per rule for tbr single cindasecuitiesco.ltd, an increase of 4.37 per cent over the same period.
In Beijing, in Beijing, the 9th House of the House of the City of the City of the West End, building 1, has grown double in volume and unit prices for six months, and we still believe that the United States market is the world’s largest tyre market. Meanwhile, in this important tyre market, Cambodia began in May of 22nd year.
Cambodia is expected to replace high-tax areas with high-tax areas, which will be important for importing tyres in the United States.
In \triangleright, in June, 60,000 tons of e glue from Yecca's new material completed an empty load test vehicle, which is expected to contribute in the second half of the year to the increase in the amount of liquid gold tyres and help the company enrich the line of liquid gold products.
Gold tyres have been recognized for their excellence by a number of authorities and have produced a variety of different products, such as full steel, semi-steel and special tyres.
Average fuel consumption was 23.99l/100km, compared to 7.6 per cent of the latest major marketed oil-saving products of an international front-line brand; and the driving tire “atrezzozsr2” as opposed to the competitive, performance of critical energy such as product safety, environmental protection, etc., in dryland braking, wetland braking, wetland manipulation, rolling resistance, etc.
In particular, the wet scratch index reached 1.74, well above the EU-A-rated label limit, which demonstrates the advantages of liquid gold technology. The company specializes in North America’s “erangeev” product by electric car, which is tested by the U.S. authority testing agency, Smith Lab, compared to the one in the U.S.
International first-line brands, with a 5% reduction in dry-field braking distance, a 15% reduction in rolling resistance, a 7% increase in range, can meet the full range of electric car performance needs for tyres. In addition, companies with newcomers explore the full area of marketing of liquid gold tire lines and go to the official flag ship of the Skycat.
Shops, through online platforms, companies can provide customized personalized tires for users, which are expected to accelerate the spread and penetration of liquid gold tyres. Future e-gels will continue to be released, the variety and quantity of liquid gold tyres will be enriched, and the company’s hard work in scientific research will be replaced by steam.
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry.
The Centre, which conducts research in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries, does not have, does not have, does not have, and will not have direct or indirect relevance to, the specific analysis or observations in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.