\triangleright 1.6% with improved raw material mix and sustained high growth in the pattern of product lines \triangleright; reduced non-net profit of $70 million, an increase of 3.47% over the same period. 2022q2 was achieved in the first quarter
Gross operating income of $5.63 billion increased by 25.03 per cent and ring growth by 15.77 per cent; net return profit achieved, sale price increased by a slight drop in raw material costs, and company combined Māori ratio ring increased.
Prices of raw materials have been raised by price fluctuations, and companies have taken the initiative to restructure their products, resulting in a 12.27 per cent increase in the combined sales price of company q2 products, while raw materials at the end, according to the data from Begawa, natural rubber, Liu Haiyong
Synthetic rubber has fallen slightly in the q2 ring ratio, and while the price of carbon black has increased, the total raw materials of q2 companies s01052200501 expand domestic and foreign tyre production capacity and remain high in the future.
\triangleright, this is a new tyre line project. On the foreign side, three projects in Viet Nam and nine and a half million steel projects in Cambodia are being intensified, with 60% of the work on the disclosure day as of February this year.
Another 1.65 million full steel meridian tyres per year in Cambodia are planned and are expected to be produced next year; on the domestic front, the company plans to invest in five phases of the Qingdao family's 30 million high-performance midday births and 150,000 tons of non-road tyres project and two phases of the `500,000 tons per year functional new materials (200,000 tons per year)' project.
After the project is completed, the company is expected to “recreate” a wheel tire at Dong's mouth. Performance continues to be accepted and recognized, and the company's liquid gold series is expected to open the market.
In 2022, the company used liquid gold materials for the autonomous development of multi-use and commercial tire products in Germany, the Cologne international tyre was re-plugged and published data from international third-party inspection bodies such as tüvsüd, autobild, ifv, various professional tests, three liquid gold-car tyres and one liquid gold tyre on board.
In addition, the company started to accelerate the market entry of liquid gold tyres, and in June, the launch ceremony was held for liquid gold tyres on a series of tyre products.
For the domestic market, a series of liquid gold products that are safe and comfortable, energy-efficient, high-end, and are sold online on the Skycat platform. We believe that the company's liquid gold tyres are now in the early stages of the industry, and when visibility and consumer recognition are raised to a certain threshold, the public will be able to sell them.
The Division’s liquid gold series will open the market quickly. Investment advice: the company’s tyre production will continue to expand and the accompanying liquid gold production will enhance its own product \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.