2025h1 sales show a bright look at autonomy and export-driven growth
\triangleright \triangleright Main Brand Innovation and Export Resiliency, with the same volume of bulk sales as the Steam Group in June 2025 + 21.6%; first half of the year
With the negative effects of the EU’s countervailing measures, the up-scaling mg actively overcomes the end-delivery of more than 150,000 stations in Europe, contributing to steady growth in the volume of sales. The upswing is to be launched in the third quarter.
Biadi (002594.sz) series rating one: the monthly brand of smart cars, the "Rear World" , is officially displayed at the car exhibition, with both parties using the "Twice Pick Model", the first suv high-end mainstream market for positioning the model (valued at 150,000 to 250,000 yuan), with ads 3.0 in size.
2. Biadi (002594.sz) series II: 2023 black technology such as Driving, Hong Monos 4.0 is now in the production preparation phase and will be on the market at the end of September 2025. We believe that the first-car-type location of the 150,000-250,000 yuan mark marks a high-end market for China.
Biadi (002594.sz) series III: export support m9), middle- and high-end markets (intellectual r7) permeating to the public market, perfecting the ecological benefits of “full price cover” 2024 watching high-end + intelligent evolution 2024/
It is expected that China will use its core technology, such as smart driving and cabins, to help boost the volume of steam sales. 4. Biadi (002594.sz) series IV: high end sales
In 2024, companies responded to changes in their state business, and organizational changes took place. 1) Strengthening State enterprise reform: Secretary of the Shanghai City Commission, Chen Gilning, pointed out that companies need to focus on domestic markets and new energy car developments to drive systemic change; 2) Management change: company directors, directors and many important ones.
With the support of Shanghai’s municipal government and the strong efforts of the new management, the company is expected to accelerate the pace of change and accelerate the transformation of its brain power.
\triangleright EU tariffs may have an impact on export sales volume and profits.
Figure 2: Volcano mass wholesale sales and the same rate of increase (vehicles; %) Figure 3: Volcano general wholesale sales and the same rate of increase (vehicles; %) Figure 4: Volcano general Mitsubishi wholesale sales and the same rate of increase (vehicles; %)
Figure 5: Volumes and rates of increase in the use of vehicles (vehicles; per cent) and volume and speed of increase in the export of vehicles and overseas bases (vehicles; per cent) The methodology and analytical logic leading to the conclusions of the study, the presentation of the present report independently and objectively and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research work done by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.