CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Postal Savings Bank of China (601658 CH)
BUY (Initiation)
A defensive play with visible growth outlook
Target Price
Up/Downside
+32.5%
Current Price
We view PSBC as an excellent defensive play amid the challenging operating
environment post COVID-19's outbreak. Its extensive branch network and rich
customer resource also provide a decent growth potential. Initiate coverage
with BUY.
China Banking Sector
Solid funding base and asset optimization underpin a superior NIM.
PSBC's unique operation model of self-managed plus agency outlets grants
Terry Sun, CFA
easier access to cheap and stable deposit funding, which accounted for 95%
peers amid intensifying deposit competition since 2017. Although falling
market rates appeared to weigh on PSBC's margin due to its interbank net
lender position, rising LDR and higher-yield consumption-related loans bode
Stock Data
well for NIM outlook. The Bank is a key beneficiary to potential benchmark
deposit rate cut. Our analysis indicates 10bp/5bp cut in time/demand deposit
rates could boost FY20E NIM and earnings by 8.5bp and 3.0%, respectively.
Healthy asset quality outlook with a low-risk profile. PSBC has a decent
Source: Bloomberg
set of asset quality indicators, including NPL ratio of 0.83%, provision
coverage of 391%, and lowest SML/overdue loan ratio in the sector. The
Shareholding Structure
outstanding asset quality is mainly attributed to: 1) 54.3% proportion for retail
loans, of which 61.5% was mortgage; 2) relatively short operating history,
hence little legacy NPL issue from previous rounds of credit stimulus; and 3)
Source: Company data
limited exposure to risky industries. We expect PSBC's lower-than-peer NPL
Share Performance
formation to sustain, even with the shock from COVID-19.
Extensive customer reach offers potential to enhance profitability.
PSBC had total 39,680 branches as of 1H19, consisting of 7,945 self-
managed and 31,735 agency outlets. Total retail clients amounted to 589mn
Source: Bloomberg
(vs 627mn for ICBC). We believe its vast branch network and rich customer
12-mth Price Performance
resource are yet to be fully monetized. Improving branch service capability,
deeper customer penetration, and technology utilization would be key drivers
also implies huge upside for intermediary business.
■ Initiate with BUY rating and RMB 7.30 TP. We expect PSBC to deliver
15.0%/12.8%/15.6% net profit growth in FY19-21E, 1-4% above consensus
estimates. PSBC should enjoy a valuation premium over the Big-5, given its
higher retail exposure, faster loan and earnings growth, more resilient NIM,
and less asset quality risk. Our RMB 7.30 TP is based on GGM-derived
Source: Bloomberg
target P/B of 1.16x and FY20E BPS of RMB 6.31.
Auditor: PwC
Related Reports
Excess provisions buffering NIM
Earnings growth tops large bank
Earnings picked up with asset quality
Rationalized earnings pace implies
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Table of contents
Focus Charts
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Investment Highlights
Solid funding base and asset optimization underpin a superior NIM
PSBC's extensive branch network enables it to easily absorb cheap and stable deposit
funding. As of 1H19, deposits accounted for 95.1% of its total liabilities, vs 78.3%/67.0%
for Big-5 and JSB. In particular, majority of PSBC's branches are located in central and
western China, where customers have weaker bargaining power and higher stickiness
given less competition from banking peers. Therefore, the Bank was able to enjoy the
lowest funding cost in the sector (1.56% vs 1.98%/2.48% for Big-5/JSB in 1H19). On
asset side, loans only accounted for 45.2% of its total assets as of 1H19, but retail loans
contributed to 54.2% of total loans. Hence, PSBC's overall asset yield lies between that
of Big-5 and JSB.
PSBC's NIM stood at 2.55% in 1H19, only trailed CMB's (600036 CH, NR) 2.70% and
PAB's (000001 CH, BUY) 2.62% among nationwide banks. On the back of cost
advantage, the Bank's NIM advantage over Big-5 peers has been more prominent amid
was mainly due to falling market rates and PSBC's balance sheet structure as an
interbank net lender. That said, it has trimmed interbank assets by 44.8% YoY as of 1H19.
Continued lift in LDR and proportion of higher-yield consumption-related retail loans bode
well for the Bank's NIM outlook.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Given mounting economic pressure post COVID-19's outbreak and recent US rate cut,
there is rising expectation for PBoC to cut benchmark deposit rate, so as to create more
space for banks to reduce loan rate. PSBC would be a key beneficiary to potential
deposit rate cut, thanks to its high proportion of deposit funding. Our sensitivity analysis
indicates: 1) 10bp cut in time deposit rate could boost the Bank's FY20E NIM and
earnings by 6.6bp and 2.3%; and 2) 10bp cut in time deposit rate plus 5bp cut in demand
deposit rate could amplify the impact to 8.5bp and 3.0%, respectively.
Figure 17: NIM and earnings sensitivity to changes in benchmark deposit rates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Healthy asset quality outlook with a low-risk profile
PSBC has a decent set of asset quality indicators, including: 1) NPL ratio of 0.83%, vs
average 1.53% for banks under our coverage and 1.86% for China commercial bank
sector as of 3Q19; 2) stringent NPL recognition, as NPL covered 124% of >90-day
overdue loans as of 1H19; 3) the lowest SML and overdue loan ratio (leading indicators
for NPL) of 0.67% and 0.97% as of 1H19; and 4) solid provision coverage of 391% as of
3Q19.
PSBC's outstanding asset quality can be attributed to: 1) higher proportion of retail loans
(54.3% of total loans as of 3Q19), offering greater risk diversification and lower cyclicality
to economic downturn; 2) relatively late engagement in lending business thus did not get
involved in the "Four trillion credit stimulus" in 2009 to tackle with the global financial crisis.
Loans only accounted for 46.4% of total assets as of 3Q19, and the remaining was
mainly bond investments and interbank assets; and 3) limited credit exposure to risky
sectors, such as manufacturing, wholesale & retail, and commercial services.
Thanks to its low-risk loan profile, PSBC's NPL formation ratio has been consistently
below Big-5 and JSB. Among different categories of retail loan, only credit card and
personal consumption loans saw an uptick in NPL ratio in 1H19 (+18bp/13bp HoH to
1.85%/1.32% respectively). However, credit card and consumption loans only accounted
for 4.3% and 10.8% of total retail loans as of 1H19. Therefore, we believe PSBC's lower-
than-peers NPL formation could sustain, even with the shock from COVID-19.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Figure 23: Loan exposure to risky sectors (1H19)
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Figure 25: PSBC's retail loan mix
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Extensive customer reach offers great potential to enhance profitability
PSBC's strategic vision is to become the most trusted and valuable first-tier large retail
agency outlets, totaling 39,680 as of 1H19. Number of its retail clients reached 589mn,
while ICBC (601398 CH, BUY) had 627mn, and two retail-focused JSBs, CMB and PAB,
had 134mn and 90mn, respectively. However, we believe PSBC's vast branch network
and rich customer resource are yet to be fully monetized. For instance, number of credit
card issued was equivalent to merely 5% of its retail client base (vs 25%/68%/62% for
ICBC/CMB/PAB), and assets and profit per branch were notably below industry average.
Transformation of branches, increasing revenue contribution through deeper customer
penetration, and technology utilization would be key factors to enhance PSBC's
profitability. Specifically, the Bank has been focusing on expanding agency outlets'
service capability, which was primarily retail deposit and intermediary businesses. It
kicked off a microfinance pilot program in six provinces in Jun 2019 and planned to
extend to countrywide at later stage. The Bank spent 2.75% of FY18 revenue on IT
investments and will raise the budget to 3.0%.
PSBC's revenue structure was relatively simple and mainly consisted of interest income
from loans and investments. Net fee income only contributed 6.6% of total revenue in
1H19 (vs sector average of 23.8%), implying huge growth potential for its intermediary
business. The Bank's fee income growth has been outpacing Big-5 and JSB since 2016.
We believe bank card and wealth management businesses could be major drivers ahead.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS; PSBC's data is calculated based on self-
Source: Company data, CMBIS; PSBC's data is calculated based on self-
operated branches, as agency outlets did not conduct lending business.
operated branches, as agency outlets did not conduct lending business.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Company Background
History and business scale
PSBC was established in Mar 2007, based on the reform of previous postal saving
management system. The Bank was transformed into a joint stock limited liability
company in Jan 2012. It was listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange in Sep 2016 and was
in total loans, and No.5 in total deposits among China's commercial banks as of 3Q19.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Unique operational model
As of 1H19, PSBC had 39,680 branches in total, consisting of 7,945 directly-operated
outlets and 31,735 agency outlets under China Post Group. In terms of geographical
distribution, the Bank had 11,935 branches in cities, 8,742 in counties, and 19,003 in rural
areas, respectively.
PSBC started retail banking by conducting micro loan business in 2007. It engaged in
credit card and personal consumption loan business in 2008, and then launched
corporate banking business in 2009. Due to its relatively younger age, loans only
accounted for 46.4% of total assets as of 3Q19, notably lower than sector peers. On the
other hand, deposit contributed to 95.5% of total liabilities, enabling the Bank to enjoy a
significant funding cost advantage. PSBC's cost of interest-bearing liabilities was 1.56%
in 1H19, much lower than average 1.88% for Big-5.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Strong retail banking franchise
Thanks to the extensive branch network, PSBC's had total 589mn retail customers as of
1H19. The number reportedly surpassed 600mn (over 40% of China's total population) in
Nov 2019. PSBC has the highest retail banking business contribution among big banks,
in terms of total loans, deposits, and revenue.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Shareholding structure
China Post Group, PSBC's controlling shareholder, held approximately 64.2% of issued
share capital after the Bank's A-share listing. China Post Group principally engaged in
domestic and international mail delivery, distribution of publications such as newspapers,
journals and books, stamp issuance, postal remittance, confidential correspondence,
postal financial business, postal express delivery, postal logistics, e-commerce, postal
agency and other businesses conducted in accordance with law.
In Dec 2015, PSBC introduced 10 strategic investors, including UBS, China Life, China
Telecom, CPPIB, Ant Financial, JPMorgan, FMPL, IFC, DBS and Tencent. Cooperation
with foreign shareholders and internet giants would improve the Bank's operating
efficiency and risk management, especially for consumer finance and technology
utilization.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Earnings Forecasts
Expect 7.9%/14.4% CAGR for revenue/net profit in FY19-21E
We forecast PSBC's revenue to grow 6.2%/8.4%/9.3% in FY19-21E, mainly driven by
strong credit expansion (14-16% YoY) and rapid growth in fee income (15-20% YoY).
Loan growth will outpace overall asset growth as the Bank gradually shifts asset
allocation to loans from lower-yield bond investments and interbank assets. We expect
CIR to decline as the Bank improve operating efficiency with branch transformation and
technology utilization. Credit cost should soften given already stringent NPL recognition,
solid provision buffer, and MoF's consultation paper for banks to release excess provision.
As such, we estimate net profit to grow 15.0%/12.8%/15.6% in FY19-21E, and ROE to
pick up to 12.5%/13.2% in FY20/21E.
NIM to narrow but more resilient than peers
We forecast NIM to contract by 4bp/2bp in FY20/21E respectively, due to series of LPR
cut and supportive credit policies to combat COVID-19. However, with relatively stable
funding cost, rising LDR, and optimized loan mix, PSBC's NIM should fare better
compare to sector peers.
NPL ratio is likely to rise yet still lowest in the sector
China banks will likely face greater asset quality pressure in coming quarters, as
corporate and individual borrower's credit condition got worsened by COVID-19. We
expect PSBC's NPL ratio to pick up to 0.93%/0.95% in FY20/21E, mainly from
impairment in MSE and credit card loans. That said, the Bank's NPL ratio would remain
significantly below sector average.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
CMBI vs consensus estimates
Our revenue forecasts are in line with Bloomberg consensus, but our net profit forecasts
are 1-4% higher than market expectation. We believe this mainly reflects our relatively
conservative stance on PSBC's NIM, but more optimistic view on its non-interest income
growth and credit cost trend. As such, our FY21E ROE forecast is 0.5ppt above
consensus estimate.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Valuation And Recommendation
We use Gordon Growth Model to derive the TP for PSBC. Our key assumptions include:
1) Market risk premium of 8.3%; 2) Risk free rate of 2.9%, 3) Sustainable ROE of 13.4%;
and 4) Long-term growth rate of 3.0%. Our TP of RMB 7.30 is based on a target P/B of
1.16x and FY20E BVPS of RMB 6.31.
We believe PSBC should enjoy a valuation premium vs other state-owned banks, given
its higher retail exposure, faster loan and earnings growth, more resilient NIM, and less
asset quality risk.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS. Data as of 6 Mar 2020.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Financial Summary
PSBC's financial summary
PSBC's results summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Peer comparison in key financials
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Key Risks
Risks related to macroeconomy
China's economic growth has been on a slowing path in recent years. The outbreak of
COVID-19 increased market concerns on banks' asset quality, especially for MSEs,
which are more susceptible to macro downturn. PSBC's outstanding MSE loans
accounted for 13.0% of total loans as of 1H19, higher than sector peers. That said, the
Bank does not have to follow PBoC's guidance on targeted MSE loan growth for other
stated-owned banks. Its solid provision coverage (391.1% as of 3Q19) and stringent NPL
recognition (NPL to >90-day overdue loan was 123.6% as of 1H19) also offer a decent
buffer against potential asset quality deterioration.
Risks related to monetary policy
China banks' NIM is closely related to central bank's monetary policies. PBoC has been
gradually driving the interest rate liberalization in China. With the LPR reform started in
Aug 2019, asset pricing is now more market-oriented than liability cost, thereby facing
greater downside pressure during liquidity easing. Deposit funding, which accounted for
95% of PSBC's total liabilities, saw a more rigid cost trend than that of interbank funding.
The agency fee scheme makes the Bank's deposit cost less flexible than sector peers.
PSBC may see less favourable NIM trend if market rates further decline, but potential
repricing of the deposit agency fee would reduce the risk.
Risks related to operating efficiency
As of 1H19, PSBC conducted business through 7,945 directly-operated outlets and
31,735 agency outlets, representing 20% and 80%, respectively. Agency outlets only
perform deposit, settlement, and other agency financial services. The Bank pays agency
fees for deposit taking and other intermediary businesses to China Post Group. Given
limited business scope of the agency outlets, PSBC's cost-to-income ratio is much higher
than that of sector peers. The Bank is trying to empower agency outlets though piloting
auxiliary microfinance business, but the sustainability and effectiveness remain to be
seen.
Risks related to industry competition
China banks are facing multiple headwinds, including economic restructuring, regulatory
intervention, and the rise of internet finance companies. These would result in
deteriorating profitability for traditional commercial banks. As such, banks have been
investing in financial technology and developing online product and service channels, so
as to strengthen their ability to acquire customers. PSBC had 589mn retail customers as
of 1H19. How to enhance service quality, effectively retain customers, and increase their
per capital profit contribution would be key challenges.
Valuation Summary
Historical P/B For Banks Under Coverage
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Appendix 1 – History And Milestones
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Appendix 2 – Management Profile
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the
securities or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the
subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views
expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the
date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this
report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report.
Disclosure
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) have investment banking relationship with the issuers covered in this report in preceding 12 months.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that
which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of
their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently
evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own
investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest
in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall
be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report.
Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and
reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS
provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue
other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and
analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or
views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships
with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this
report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time)("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated
Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a copy of this research
report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports
produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial
Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor,
as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons
only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.