Xinhua Insurance (601336): Focusing on the long-term development of the insurance industry, recovery is in sight. Strict regulation quickly returns the insurance industry to the nature of security, increasing market confidence in insurance. Interest rates open up the insurance company ' s margins of profit and valuation. gdp growth boosts.
The logic of the need for insurance remains the same. In 2017, the insurance sector recovered, focusing on life insurance and seeking transformation.
This represents an increase of 41.3 per cent; at the same time, the development of a risk channel is proceeding in an orderly manner, with a risk channel life income of $73,466 million in 2016, representing an increase of 20.3 per cent over the same period, which is an improvement in the market share and in the clientele: the firm ' s investment end can also be improved, and the company ' s intrinsic value continues to increase.
Valuation status: We strongly appreciate the future strong demand for life insurance markets and the acceleration of corporate transformation, expected financial data and profit projections: Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
1. Company presentation: The old life insurance company has accumulated its 20 years of sedimentation and has been consolidating its market position 1.1. It continues to grow at a high pace and is among the world ' s leading companies, Xinhua Life Insurance Inc., which was established in September 1996 and is based in Beijing City and is a large-scale nation-wide life.
In 2011, Xinhua Insurance was listed simultaneously on the Hong Kong United Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange, with a stock code of 601336,h and 1336. Since its inception in 1996, Xinhua Insurance has maintained a high rate of growth in asset size and premium revenues.
In 2014, the company first entered the world’s top 500 companies in Forbes, and in the next three years it graduated its ranking and branded influence. Figure 1: Xinhua Insurance development history
The Xinhua Insurance Corporation recommenced the opening ceremony, which generated $1.386 billion in premiums, and took the second place in the Beijing Life Insurance Market. Xinhua Insurance entered into an equity agreement with foreign institutions to build capital and nationalize the country.
For the first time, Xinhua Insurance's annual premium went over $10 billion, amounting to $17.18 billion. Xinhua Insurance's total assets went through $100 billion. Xinhua Insurance succeeded in achieving ipo, becoming the country's first insurance company to be listed at the same time as a+h.
• Xinhua Home based Seniors Management Ltd. is registered Xinhua Asset Management Ltd. Xinhua Insurance was registered for the first time as the 500th largest company in the world in Forbes, ranked 474th
• For the third year in a row, Xinhua Insurance has entered the world's top 500 companies in Forbes, ranked 297, and the National Team has re-stocked its shares, and the Sino-China Treasury has held its share of Xinhua Insurance for a long time, indicating its strong interest in the future prospects of Xinhua Insurance.
At the same time, another major shareholder, the Iron and Steel Treasure, showed no sign of loss, the stock structure was stable, and the stockholders were well-qualified. And the galaxy, with its three insurance plates, found the investment value of the Xinhua insurance, with a 5% billboard, and 1.3 years of dedicated life insurance, with experience in investment management.
As a large life insurance company, Xinhua Insurance has been working on innovative products and differentiated services for its clients, and on specialized investment management with its asset management companies. Xinhua Insurance has focused on life insurance services, focusing on the continuous upgrading of business values and the continuous improvement of the product system.
At the same time, Xinhua Insurance's asset management effectively reduces the length of time from risk control to match asset liabilities. On this basis, the largest portfolio returns are pursued.
Based on a value-investment concept and methodology, companies look for risk-control and return-based investment targets; in the fixed-income category, adopt prudent and conservative risk management policies that focus on credit and market risks, enhance post-investment management and manage risk.
2.1 In 2016, the insurance industry handed over a satisfactory response. In 2016, the industry achieved a total of $3.10 trillion in revenue from the original insurance premiums, an increase of 27.50 per cent over the previous year. Of this, property and personal insurance operations increased by 9.12 per cent and 36.51 per cent respectively.
The boom in the insurance market in 2016 benefited from the following: first, a decline in concentration in the industry. Large insurance companies are no longer exclusive, market fragmentation is conducive to fair competition, market-based mechanisms are conducive to reasonable pricing, and second, innovative industries are supportive. Internet finance is deeply embedded in the insurance industry, which, in turn, improves the quality of customer services when operating costs fall.
Three are the rising socio-economic demand for insurance security, and institutions and individuals are constantly aware of the importance of risk control. And the policy of “Insurance insurance, Supervisory Insurance”, which guides the insurance industry to a rapid return to its essence, is to give full effect to the guarantee of risk-sharing and compensation for loss and to become a stabilizing instrument for social development; and to provide important support for the healthy lives of the population.
Built as a guarantor; acted as a booster for the real economy in the process of “getting out of business”; and fourthly, the number of insurance company operators increased significantly, incentives improved and the value of new operations increased significantly in the future. In 2016, the life insurance company was opened up at interest rates and at discount rates, without considering the effects of the second generation, to restore the company's valuation.
In 2016, life insurance companies as a whole experienced a certain decline in net profit growth for two overall reasons: first, a significant drop in return for investment owing to a significant deterioration in the overall investment climate in the market compared to 2015; and, second, traditional risk margins.