China Sea Oilsuits (60108.sh) Oil petrochemical oil field service iii.
China's marine oil suits are controlled by China's Maritime Petroleum Group and one of the world's largest suppliers of oil-field services. Drilling operations, higher rates, barriers to oil-field technical services, and light asset operations. 2021, Oilfield technical panels.
The world’s crude oil prices will continue to be high, pushing the industry up, and the company will move into a new cycle of up-to-date averages. But the global crude oil supply is expanding: openc+ maintenance of cool supply, US shale oil production.
The global crude oil deficit will be 1.75 million barrels per day, and will continue for a longer period, assuming that Russia’s export of crude oil is restricted due to severe regulations. According to a billion dollars, the rise was 130 per cent and 109 per cent.
A significant increase in operational usage and daily rates is expected, with a significant reduction in the risk of impairment of assets and a sustained and rapid growth in performance into a new up-to-date cycle.
There are long-term prospects for the development of the offshore oil suit under the energy security strategy. The country’s external dependence on crude oil has reached 73%.
China's sea oil and gas resources are abundant and are a key area for oil and gas exploration. During the “13th Five-Year” period, China launched a technology-specific programme aimed at the western South China Sea oil fields, the eastern oil fields, and the Chinese oil fields. Production is expected to total 80 million tons in 2025.
13%. Marine oil uniforms have long-term growth potential in the larger context of increased storage.
Carbon neutrality and policies to accelerate new energy development and lower demand for crude oil. First, binding China Sea oil, one of the world’s largest suppliers of garments, was established in 2002 by a merger of five companies operating in drilling wells, oil well services and oil exploration under the umbrella of China Ocean Petroleum Corporation.
The company is the only company within the China Maritime Petroleum Group that is involved in oil field technical services. The company’s operations cover the entire exploration, development and production of oil and gas fields, and it is the world’s oil field service industry that has a limited capacity.
One of the providers of integrated services. Operations are divided into four main categories: surveying services, drilling services, oilfield technical services and shipping companies, whose revenues are derived mainly from domestic sources, and expanding overseas markets. They now cover and expand to Asia-Pacific, the Middle East, the Americas, Europe, Africa and the Far East, covering more than 40 countries and regions around the world.
The corporate sector is leading. The drilling platform is the world’s number one. The solid wells are the world’s third. Especially in the area of directional drilling (including rotation-oriented systems, lwd record wells, mwd wells), where companies have acquired the fourth size of the global market, only after three major international uniforms.
Figure 5: The company's main business has a leading industry in the garment industry - equipment, technology, leading international counterparts - the size of the world's first drilling platform
\triangleright Global 3rd - Market Size of Stretch Wells - Market Size of Cable Logging
\triangleright Global Fourth \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
(i) Transfer mechanism for “oil prices + energy security — capital expenditure — suit performance”
The reason for this is that upstream capital spending on hydrocarbons is affected by oil prices, which affect the climate of the garment industry. International oil prices continue to rise, higher than oil extraction costs for oil and gas companies, with a clear earning effect, and oil and gas companies increase their spending on exploration and development capital.
The oil and gas industry is characterized by high volatility; low international oil prices, lower profits and even losses from oil and gas enterprises, reduced exploration and development capital spending by oil and gas enterprises, and the low-gap phase of the garment industry. As a result, the traditional “oil price-capital expenditure-operability” transmission mechanism has been developed.
The relationship between the performance of marine garments and oil prices in the rematch can be divided into three phases: phase I: oil prices were historically high between $100 and $120 per barrel in the period 2011-2014, well above the cost of oil extraction by oil and gas companies, the earning effects of oil and gas companies are evident, and capital spending is high.
Phase II: The fall in oil prices between 2014 and 2018, even with an average annual drop of 46%, and the sharp fall in profits of oil and gas companies and a significant reduction in capital spending. During this period, China experienced the largest decline of 55% in the performance of marine oil uniforms. Phase III: a small shock in 2019 and a historic collapse in 2020 in oil prices from 2018 to the present.
In 2019, the reverse trend rose and in 2020 it was only 6.9% lower than in the same year.
Our business income from marine oil uniforms in the round-up and that of our main customer, China Sea oil, has been largely consistent with the changes in China Sea oil capital spending. It is clear that China Sea oil’s capital expenditure has also deviated from oil prices since 2018.
Figure 8: The performance of marine oil uniforms in 2013-2021 - linearly related to spending on China ' s oil capital - we believe that domestic oil and gas capital expenditure is no longer entirely affected by a single oil price, but also by domestic energy security policies. The mechanism for channelling oil prices and revenues from China ' s oil uniforms has evolved from the traditional “oil price - capital expenditure - clothing performance” to “oil price + energy security - capital security”
(ii) China Sea oil performance has increased significantly, and companies are expected to benefit from increased capital spending by major shareholders China Sea oil has maintained efficiency gains and the main cost of barrel oil has fallen by almost 36 per cent. The main cost of barrel oil in the company was $45.02 in 2013.
The cost of barrel oil, which benefited from high-quality cost control, fell for the seventh consecutive year from 2013 to 2020. In 2020, it was reduced to $26.34 per barrel, and in 2021 it was affected by material costs, labour costs, and exchange rates. The cost of public barrel oil operations also showed a downward trend, from $7.31 per barrel in 2021 to a peak of $12.25 per barrel, a 40 per cent reduction.
At the same time, China and China are actively promoting higher production reserves, improving production structures, increasing domestic production efficiency and reducing production of low-impact and low-yield crude oil abroad. New projects such as the 6-4 oil fields of Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao Cao, the 21-2 oil fields and the production of non-conventional gas fields on land contribute.
High oil prices, which are expected to result in a significant increase in oil and gas revenues in 2021 and 2022 in the Middle Sea. The company’s crude oil prices were similar to those of Brent crude oil in the past year, and the trend is consistent. Third-quarter Chinese oil reports indicate that crude oil prices were $65.09 per barrel in the first three quarters, and $70.38 per barrel in the third quarter. Considering the upturn in the price of q4 crude oil, it is assumed that the average annual crude oil is 2021.
In the first half of 2021, the main cost of barrel oil was approximately $28.98 per barrel, assuming that the main cost of barrel oil would remain unchanged throughout the year, and future capital expenditure would be expected to remain high in 2022, when sea oil performance is expected to increase significantly in mid-2022, further increasing the profile of the garment industry.
China’s oil capital expenditure is highly correlated with its income, and energy security further boosts China’s oil expenditure to increase it. China’s oil capital expenditure remains the same trend as revenue overall, with capital spending lagging behind about one year of income change and a smaller increase in historical empirical data. In 2020, it was driven by the Seven-Year Action Plan, and even in the context of low oil prices, China’s oil company’s performance fell by 29 per cent.
But capital spending was 79.5 billion yuan, roughly the same as it was in 2019. According to China Sea Oil Company ' s 2022 strategy, the company ' s capital was set at RMB 90-100 billion, and in the context of high oil prices, the rate of implementation of the company ' s capital expenditure is expected to exceed 100%. (iii) Geo-conflicts, low occ+ production will, and global crude oil prices may continue to be maintained.
Geographic conflicts, low willingness to increase production, and prudent capital spending by American shale oil producers will continue to be priced at high global prices. Oil demand affected by the epidemic is recovering, but global crude oil supply is growing slowly, oil prices are rising and stocks are falling. However, Oec+ remains cautiously planned, and production is consistently below target.
The number of United States drills and shale oil production has recovered slowly, and the US shale oil company’s capital expenditure has been extremely cautious, with a target of only 5% in 2022. Currently, crude oil supplies are well balanced, idle production capacity is limited, and Russian crude oil can be subject to sanctions, with global crude oil prices remaining high.
In 2022, global demand for crude oil will return to pre-epidemiological levels and supply expansion will be weak. The projected demand for crude oil in 2022 will be 100 million barrels per day. At the demand side, the impact of the new crown on demand for crude oil will be mainly on land freight, transport, and aviation, with global demand down 21 million barrels per day from pre-epidemiological levels.
Vaccinations, the easing of national immunization measures, and the gradual recovery of global demand for crude oil. According to rystad data, in August 2022, the impact of the epidemic on the demand for crude oil was largely eliminated, and demand for crude oil will return to its early 2000s. According to ria, the global demand for crude oil in 2022 averaged 997,000 barrels per day, exceeding the average of 2018-2021.
Since the third quarter of 2020, demand for crude oil has exceeded supply and prices have been rising steadily. In 2021, crude oil prices rose slowly, from $50 per barrel at the beginning of the year to $73 per barrel in June, and to $85 per barrel at the end of the year. The underlying reason is that, as the epidemic subsides, countries ease their immunization measures, and global demand for crude oil rises slowly.
The slow pace of oil recovery has led to a global shortfall of over 10,000 barrels per day since the third quarter of 2020. Among the world ' s crude oil supply structures, the largest proportion of the world ' s member countries was Opc, accounting for about 37 per cent at the end of 2020, followed by the United States, accounting for 17 per cent, and Russia for 12.6 per cent.
2. OEC+ maintains a moderate supply and low idle capacity, despite record oil prices, and maintains a moderate increase in crude oil supply. After the outbreak of the 2020 epidemic and the oil price war, OEC+ adopted a different share reduction agreement. By April 2021, OEC+ reduced production to 5.8 million barrels per day.
On 21 February, the energy ministers of the largest oil-producing countries in the Middle East, including Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates, said that despite calls for increased supply to cool oil prices, Europe had been able to release supplies to the market in the form of a gradual increase in production (400,000 barrels per day per month planned).
The PEC+ alliance should maintain its plans to increase crude production by 400,000 barrels per month. The current tense situation in the Russian Federation, where crude oil prices skyrocketed to nearly $128 per barrel, was met on 2 March at a monthly meeting at OEC+, where it was decided to maintain the original production plan of 400,000 barrels/emerging.
According to the International Energy Agency (IEA) monthly report on the oil market in February, the gap between OPEC+ production and its target levels in January was as high as 900,000 barrels per day. Without consideration of Iran, OEC+ idle capacity for the next six months is only 2.7 million barrels per day.
Limited. In 2021, global upstream capital spending remained almost the same as it was in 2020 and was at a historically low level. The oil wells that were forced to close, for example, were not able to recover production soon. According to Goldman Sachs, only 2.7 million barrels per day were left idle over the next six months, mainly from Saudi Arabia.
First, the essence of OEC+ is that it is the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) headed by Saudi Arabia (OPEC) and the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).
Currently, Russian crude oil is subject to United States sanctions, and Russia cannot agree to a significant increase in production. Moreover, the core members of Opc, such as Shatt and the United Arab Emirates, are more inclined to stand on the Moscow side of the increase in production.
Second, fiscal balance prices in Middle Eastern countries, which decided to maintain a moderate supply plus, are more conducive to their fiscal balance. According to imf, the average fiscal balance price in Oec member countries was $150 per barrel in 2020 and 2022.
The price of oil is expected to fall to $97 per barrel. Saudi Arabia’s core member is expected to have a fiscal balance of $66 per barrel in 2022, while the Emirates is expected to have a fiscal balance of about $60 per barrel in 2022.
3. Shale oil producers adhere to prudent capital spending plans, and United States crude oil production has increased at a limited rate. In the month, United States crude oil production recovered to 11.6 million barrels per day, increasing at a rate of almost 0.03 million barrels per month from its lowest point in September of 20 years.
Investor returns are a more important consideration. As a result, the number of active United States drilling rigs and shale oil production are in a slow recovery process, with limited supply and demand gaps in the crude oil market.
Figure 31: U.S. shale oil production and number of rotary drilling rigs in the U.S. The number of new wells in the U.S. shale oil growth space is limited. Shale oil wells have a short effective life cycle, are more rapidly consumed, and high production means a higher number of new well inputs. Take the U.S. shale oil major production area, permian, for example, until 2016, the number of new wells.
By contrast, the number of new wells has been far below the number of completed wells since May 2020, with the largest difference of 207 in April 2021. Currently, the number of new wells is low, reflecting the low willingness of shale oil producers to invest in capital.
In 2020, shale oil companies experienced unprecedented challenges. While the subsequent high oil prices had led to strong profits, companies needed to give priority to paying their debts, paying back their shareholders, rather than reinvesting.
Each year, $2.3 billion in cash (equity) is distributed to shareholders; Western oil companies, despite debt constraints, also distributed $839 million in dividends to shareholders last year. According to the annual eog, vanguard, continental energy 2021, crude oil production targets increased by only 5 per cent in 2022, and shale oil companies did not set higher production targets.
The Russian Federation is the third largest oil producer after the United States and Saudi Arabia, the second largest crude oil exporter in the world after Saudi Arabia, and the largest total exporter, including finished oil.
About 5 million barrels of crude oil, about 12 per cent of the global crude oil trade, exported about 2.85 million barrels of finished oil per day, or about 2.85 million barrels of finished oil per day, and Russian crude oil production is expected to return to its full 2019 level in mid-2022, but to be affected by sanctions, preventing access to markets. Russian crude oil production was stable in 2019, at about 11.6 million barrels per day, accounting for about 12.5 per cent of global crude oil production.
After it hit the bottom in 2020, Russian crude oil production recovered to 11.16 million barrels per day in 2021. By mid-2022, Russia’s production is expected to reach 11.8 million barrels per day.
If Russian crude oil does not enter the market, the global crude oil market will be reduced by over 5.7 million barrels per day. According to Goldman Sachs, the largest global shortage of crude oil in history, caused by war-related factors, occurred in the 2019 attack on Abu Gheg, with a peak of 5.7 million barrels per day.
The mouth will be well over 5.7 million barrels per day and will last for a long time.5 Overall, crude oil prices will remain high, and overseas agencies generally predict that crude oil prices will remain high for the next two years.
The US and oecd stocks of crude oil are at historically low levels. Currently, US stocks of crude oil and oil have been declining steadily, from June 2020 to only 1147 million barrels.
Figure 42: Goldman Sachs expects the price of brent crude oil to be $135 per barrel in 2022, and the largest gap in the global crude oil market will reach 1.75 million barrels per day in the case of sanctions imposed on Russian crude oil. Prior to the Russian-Ukrainian war, the crude oil market was expected to have a crude oil supply and demand balance in 2022 as the OEC+ reduction plan was phased out.
Effectively repaired, in 2022 q4, 100.8 million barrels per day of global demand for crude oil, compared with 103 million barrels per day of crude oil supply. But, with tensions in the Russian Federation, Russia is under full United States sanctions, oil companies such as British oil, Shell, Exxon Mobil and others have announced their withdrawal from the Russian market, and companies such as Srembeche have successively abandoned Russian operations, and Russian crude oil has been sanctioned and traded for limited production.
The combined effect on crude oil supply will be more than 4 million barrels per day, with a reduction in production and an increase in production, corresponding to a significant reduction in idle capacity. The output in 2022 will be 1 million barrels per day more than in the previous year, with 0.75 million barrels per day released, compared to 2021.
Taking into account the very limited long-term supply of crude oil to the market, it is not included in the calculations. Taken together, in 2022, Russia’s crude oil market will have its largest shortfall of 1.75 million barrels per day in the face of the sanctions imposed on it.
Energy security is pushing for greater energy exploitation, the oil-suits sector is likely to grow with high external dependence, and energy security strategies require multiple channels to reduce the external dependence of crude oil. These include the development of new energy sources, increased influence on oil-producing countries, and closer cooperation with them, but the most direct is the increase in energy exploitation.
Our energy structure is characterized by coal-rich, poor oil, and low gas, with a gradual increase in the dependency on crude oil and natural gas. As of 2020, 73 per cent of our crude oil and 43 per cent of our natural gas are external.
Development needs to meet the requirements in place to ensure the completion of the 2019-2025 plan of action. The policy is underpinned by a 17% decline in the year-on-year capital spending on oil and petrochemicals in China and China, even though oil prices fell sharply in 2020 to reach a minimum of $7 per barrel.
Fourth, the advantage of the maritime hydrocarbon track is evident in the significant energy growth of our country, whose production has become an important energy growth pole. As a result of the epidemic, international oil prices have continued to fall, and marine oil and gas have continued to rise.
In order to guarantee the country's energy security, the oil and gas industry has increased its production capacity, and production has been inversely increasing. In 2021, crude oil production in the entire oil field reached 30,132 million tons. The growth in crude oil accounted for about half of the increase in the country's national volume. One jumps to become the country's largest crude oil production base and marks the world's best technology for offshore exploration and development.
The production of marine oil fields, such as the sea, has steadily increased, and the sea has become an important growth pole in our crude oil development. The latest statistics show that, in 2021, we produced 486.4 million tons of crude oil at sea, an increase of 3.23 million tons on a year-on-year basis, representing 80 per cent of the total domestic increase in crude oil.
China is rich in offshore hydrocarbon resources and has a low level of exploration, which is a priority area for oil and gas exploration. Data from the Geological Survey of China’s Ministry of Resources indicate that our South China Sea is rich in hydrocarbon resources, with an estimated reserve of one third of China’s total hydrocarbon reserves.
In the South China Sea, oil reserves amounting to at least 23 billion to 30 billion tons are estimated to be 55 billion tons, and natural gas is estimated to be 20 trillion cubic metres, the second of which is called the Persian Gulf. Of this, 70% of the resources are located in deep water areas of 1537,000 square kilometres, which are extremely difficult to exploit.
The net production target is 600-610 million barrels of oil equivalent, of which China accounts for 69 per cent,
Around 31 per cent abroad. Plans are under way to drill 227 offshore exploration wells, 132 non-conventional on-shore exploration wells, approximately three-dimensional seismic data collection, and 5, domestic offshore oil service taps, and rapid growth of oil field technical services.
The company operated and managed a total of 13 survey vessels (one each), 65 drilling rigs (including 43 self-incented drilling platforms, 14 semi-submarine drilling platforms, 3 life platforms,
Modular drilling rigs; more than 130 offshore operating vessels; all of the rigs hold abs/dnv/ccs certificate, equipped with advanced top-drilling devices, high-power diesel machines, slurry pumps and vibrating sifts; rich offshore drilling operations and high-temperature high-pressure well operations provide customers with operating depths of 15 to 10,000 feet and drilling depths of 15,000 to 30,000 feet.
The industry shuffled, and the company's drilling platform was the largest in the industry. Drilling platform companies were mostly heavy-asset companies, with high debt ratios, low oil prices, and a sharp fall in profits or even losses. The total debt of 62 insolvency protection applications submitted in 2020 was ultimately $45 billion, well over the $35 billion recorded in 2017.
As of November 2021, the company operated 43 self-propelled drilling platforms and 14 semi-submarine drilling platforms. In either the overall size or the area of breakdown, the drilling platforms were industry-wide, with over 75% of the utility of the rigs and a rapid increase in the use of the industry as a whole.
In 2014, when oil prices were high, well platforms were once 100% used. Then, when oil prices went down, at the bottom of the valley in 2016, they were only 58-46% self-inflated/semi-submarine platforms, and the market was severely overstretched. In 2019, oil prices were at a stage of oversupply.
According to the company ' s 21-year report, the average daily usage of self-inflated, semi-submarine drilling platforms is 75.8%/59.3%, and the average daily usage of corporate drilling platforms is 71.9%. ihs data show that the use of platforms as a whole in the industry is on the rise, and the use of self-incentive drilling platforms has increased rapidly, reaching over 70% in 2021 and half-submarine drilling levels.
Depending on the daily rate, the operating level is still at the bottom. The drilling platform is charged on the basis of the number of operational days multiplied by the daily rate, so the daily rate is an important factor affecting the collection. The self-upgrading platform (jacups) is primarily operating at depths below 350 feet, while the deep water area is required to use the semi-submarsible platform, and the higher cost of deep-water oil fields makes it more sensitive to oil prices and semi-subsperates.
In 2021, the total number of company drilling platforms declined by 3.3 per cent compared to 2020, but exceeded the 2014 high oil price levels. Collections of drilling rigs over the years show that they have recovered from their historical lows in 2016 and are still at a low level.
In 2021, self-incentive drilling platforms and semi-submarine drilling platforms collected approximately $797/366 million, representing the bottom of a 14-year peak. The rigs were heavily asset-based, operating at the bottom of prices, usage rates, etc., and the assets were devalued. Similarly, 2020 - 2021, after experiencing the effects of multiple factors, such as the epidemic, crude oil price fighting and the rapid transformation of the energy sector, part of the company was large.
The price and usage of the equipment are low, and the resulting impairment is significantly higher. As the utilization rate of the rig rises, the daily rate rises, and the asset impairment is expected to improve considerably.
The analysis indicates that the demand for self-propelled drilling platforms in 2021 is expected to be almost the same as in 2020, followed by an annual compound growth of 2 per cent. Demand for semi-submarine drilling platforms decreased by 17 per cent from the same year in 2019 and is projected to be 111 in 2021. The demand recovered at an annual compound growth rate of 5 per cent, reaching 138 by 2025, with a 75 per cent utilization rate.
Figure 55: Growth of the market demand for self-propelled drilling platforms by 2 per cent Figure 56: Growth of the market demand for semi-submarine drilling platforms by 5 per cent The historical experience of offshore companies shows that when usage increases to about 80 per cent, the bargaining power of drilling contractors is expected to be gradual
In the case of deep-water drilling platforms, the daily rates for self-incented, semi-submarine drilling platforms will increase by 7 per cent and 12 per cent annually respectively. In 2020, the daily rates for deep-water semi-submarine drilling platforms will be approximately $186,000 per day, or 11.6 per cent of the annual compound increase, figure 59: the market for semi-submarine drilling platforms will increase by 12 per cent.
(ii) Targeted drilling operations are among the world’s top four, driving high-growth oil-suit operations The company can provide complete technical services in the field and occupy a larger share of the domestic market. The company has many years of experience in marine oil field technology and terrestrial oil field technical services that can provide the complete range of surveying wells, drilling fluids, direction wells, well-fixing, production increases, etc.
A full range of oilfield technical services, and a large share of China’s offshore oil field technical services market. There are more than 430 advanced surveying wells, mudslides, directional wells, solidged wells and repair wells, all of which have been developed and developed autonomously.
The annual Māori rate is 29.33%, and the oilfield technology plate is also the highest Māori rate in the company’s main business. The collection of international oil uniforms is at a historically low level, with a peak of half in 2021.
Prices peaked in 2014 and hit the bottom in 2016, with Srembeche returning to 68% of the 2014 peak in 2019. Halliburton recovered up to 73% of the peak in 2018. Oil price collapses in 2020, with a 28.3%-36% decline in the same year for the Camps of Srembeche and Harry Burton, respectively, amounted to 49-44% in the same period in 2014.
Breaking through the technological monopoly, as the country’s leading offshore oil jackets, is expected to gradually raise global market penetration, hitting the global marine oil tap. The oil rig technology includes a segmented area of drilling wells, completion wells, and well-fixing, with high technical barriers, markets, monopolistic features, and long-term monopoly by foreign companies. The global market size of the targeted drilling operations peaked at 100 in 2019.
Targeted drilling is the process of drilling boreholes along pre-designed boreholes to reach their intended targets, but technology has long been cut off from abroad. Targeted drilling techniques include two core technical loops: wireless drilling and surveying (mwd+lwd), rotation-oriented (rss)
For a long time, at the global level, targeted drilling technology has been largely monopolized by larges (over 65% of the market) of international oil uniforms, such as Slembeche, Haliberton, and Beckhouse, and other countries have had to purchase equipment or services at high prices. The use of targeted drilling technology has had significant economic benefits, increasing production, shortening the construction cycle, and even successfully developing benefits.
The day has been reduced to 3.71 days, with the fastest well-building cycle being 1.6 days; 3) single well production has increased and the economy has improved. For example, in the North oilfield, the North oilfield is dominated by near-level oil-bearing sand layers, with a very thin oil-bearing layer.
The company is ranked fourth in the world in targeted drilling, but it still has a big gap with the first three. The company is set to earn $500 million in revenue from drilling operations in 2021, accounting for about 6% of the global market size, but still has a big gap with the first three. The third-largest, Halliburton, earns $1.26 billion in targeted drilling operations, which is twice as much as the cost of Chinese marine oil suits.
The company’s next goal is to increase its sustainable operations by increasing the scale of its autonomous rotational orientation and the application of drilling techniques. China’s oil has developed an autonomous static rotation-oriented drilling system, Welleader, capable of auto-closing the well tilt, leading.
This tool has been tested in the Bay of Jin and has the capability to operate at sea, with an artificial slope rate of about 6.5° per 30 m well. The self-reflection "d+w" tool was the first to complete a high slope level well operation, resulting in three records of well depth, well temperature and slope: ultra-high temperature.
The well system achieves a sound, electrical, and nuclear well detection capability under 235°C/175mpa conditions, with a maximum operating well temperature of 196°C; the company conducts self-research rotation-oriented drilling wells and achieves full functional coverage of the full specifications with the drilling well system, cumulatively reaching more than 520,000 metres, with a technological breakthrough and a 24-fold increase in the transmission rate as high-speed mud is drilled.
(iii) Focus on oil field technology services, leading to a sustained improvement in corporate profitability Prior to 2017, the company drilling platform generated higher revenues than the oil field technology plate. However, from the bottom of the oil price valley in 2016, the oil field technology module grew at a rapid rate of 21.9 per cent annual compound growth. According to the 2021 report, the oil field technical services accounted for about 50.9 per cent of drilling wells.
The platform accounted for about 29.6 per cent of the total.The oilfield technical services account for the first share of revenues from oil field services, which have a higher Māori rate, lighter assets, higher technical barriers, and companies.
Focusing on oil field technical services, indicators such as company Māori rates and roe improved significantly after 2018, and there is still room for improving company Māori rates and roe as a result of continued high growth and rising income ratios in the garments business.
Taking into account the current crude oil price of around $100/bpm, the tight balance in the crude oil market, and the broader national energy security strategy, capital spending on three barrels of oil is expected to continue to grow steadily in the future, while capital spending on oil and gas companies abroad continues to grow slowly.
The company's drilling plate benefited from a recovery in domestic and foreign market climate, a substantial increase in price levels, continued high innovation in plate operations, increased production in 2022 from the oil field technology plate, and continued expansion of applications such as targeted drilling technical equipment.
We expect that the technology plate, with the increased volume of operation and a reduced efficiency resonance driven by fine management, will maintain a higher income, fur, ships, plywood, and that the company's shipboard will continue to operate at a high level of operation and usage of the fleet, and we expect that the income of the plate will continue to be robust.
Growth; as the exploration plate continues to expand overseas, it is expected to remain fully operational. We expect the company board to be fully operational. We select three more robust companies: Jerry, Sea Oil Works, and Bomico.
In the preceding analysis, we believe that there may be a process of re-pricing the entire panzer plate in the future. We go back to the historical valuation of the Chinese-sea oil suit, where the company’s performance continued to grow during the 2011-2014 high oil price period, pe-values were maintained, industry was low, company performance was low, pe-values were about 60 times higher, and global oil prices were 65-80 dollars between 19 and early 20 years.
Fluctuations between dollar/barrel zones, a rebound in the oil and gas industry, and a return to 20 times the company’s performance. Reflecting a typical week, the Chinese oil suit pe (ttm) has been the result of a consistent increase in domestic capital spending on oil and gas, especially marine oil and gas, as a result of a combined analysis.
(a) The “buy-in-b” rating of $18.6. 1. The epidemic has increased, significantly reducing global oil demand;
3. Heavy mining of shale oil in the United States, with a significant increase in supply and a shock to the crude oil market; 4. Carbon neutrality and policies, accelerated development of new energy sources and reduced demand for crude oil; Summary of financial statement forecasts and valuation data