China Sea Oil Clothes (601808): The domestic climate continues, the overseas recovery is recommended (for the first time) to take back China Sea oil, and the offshore oil and gas service leads.
China Sea oil uniforms belong to the China Maritime Oil Group and are a domestic offshore oil and gas service company. They cover four main sections of oilfield technical services, drilling services, ship services, and cargo exploration and engineering services, with an integrated service chain.
With the benefit of higher crude oil prices than comfort zones, the offshore market is expected to enter the recovery period in 2022, home-grown capital spending benefiting from the “three barrels of oil” under the national energy security strategy is steadily increasing in certainty, and companies are expected to move into a profitable and flexible release period.
▪ Upgrading of oil technology operations to light assets and heavy technology The company has increased its autonomous R & D capabilities to achieve a number of technological results by promoting technology in key core projects and enabling technologically valuable oil field technical services panels
The company’s oil and field services technology plate has evolved over the years to achieve a major breakthrough in critical technology and equipment ownership, breaking the overseas monopoly and winning a global market.
In 2020-2021, as a result of the epidemic, the platform was underutilized, while the daily cost remained low.
Oil prices are rising, the offshore oil industry is warming up, and corporate profit elasticity will be released. From a longer time dimension, the platform’s increased utilization will contribute to the cost of day-to-day access, opening up further profit margins.
At the domestic level, rising external dependence on crude oil exceeds 70%, natural gas over 40%, and there is an urgent need to safeguard the country's energy security.
China’s oil reserves are expected to double the volume of work and reserves by 2025, with a finding that the reserves will exceed 5 billion barrels. The country’s offshore oil and gas resources have great potential for exploitation and sustainability.
China’s oil and gas-mining services have a technological and scale advantage, with strong profit elasticity during the recovery period. The risk of large fluctuations in oil prices; less than expected recovery in overseas oil and gas services; and China’s oil and China’s oil.
Capital expenditure grew less than expected; overseas operations were at risk from political and economic environmental impacts, back-to-back China Sea oil, sea-based oil and gas 1.1, integrated sea oil service providers
Founded in December 2001, the company was listed in Hong Kong in 2002 and listed in 2007. The company was reorganized by the China Sea Oil Company, China Sea Oil South Drilling Company, China Sea Oil North Drilling Company, China Sea Oil Geophysical Exploration Company, China Ocean Oil Logging Company, China China China Oil Technology Services Company, and was the largest company off China's coast.
Oilfield service providers are also the most functional, complete and integrated offshore oil-suit companies in Asia, with major shareholders including China Ocean Oil Group Ltd. (50.5%) and Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd.