On October 29th, 9th, Washington issued the Third Quarterly Report 2024, \triangleright 3rd quarter 2024
The company is mainly engaged in integrated circuit design, manufacturing and \triangleright.
Encapsulated eda tool software development, marketing and related service operations, with a stable market share in the field of eda tool software The largest, most complete product lined, and the most technologically powerful enterprise in the country is the eda. 3q24, with a revenue of $30 billion, an increase of 27.6 per cent and a 30.14 per cent increase in the ring;
Companies pay for their shares. Companies will lay the market base with the technological advantage of the industry. Profitability means that 3q24 Māori is 92.56%, an increase of 1.72 pct over the same year, and remains high.
One of the companies that \triangleright has developed is the \da National Engineering Research Centre. To ensure its own competition, Song Xiaodong
Power, the company maintains a sustained high proportion of its R & D inputs, and has launched a series of new eda products in the area of fully customized design and crystal-crystal manufacturing: 1)andes: including analog design automation tools and power pipe design automation tools; andes-power, for analog circuit design and power chip design, respectively.
Significant acceleration of the iterative process; 2) optimus: displaying circuit design to flatbeds, by optimizing graphic shapes 1. 9 days old (301269.sz) 2023 Annual Report Review, reduced the impact of optical proximity effects, and contributed significantly to the improvement of product quality by raising light etching quality.
Quarterly reviews in 2024: steady growth in revenue, eda flatbed circuit design to a smaller size; 3) vision: gradual completion of process tools - 2024/04/30 with geometry-centric at its core
Analysis of changes in graphics in semiconductor manufacturing processes, helping to identify hotspot graphics in the layout, 2. Mid 2023 Mid-Day 301269.sz Report: Provide full user support for process diagnostic analysis.
Performance is growing rapidly, and the product matrix continues to enrich -2023/07/ to build a global customer network that captures market expansion advantages.
Corporate commitment to one-stop eda tool software products and related services for the integrated circuit industry, eda first quarter of 23 years: fast growth in performance, product totem. Tool software products and related services have been widely recognized by clients and are associated with major integrated circuit design firms, both domestic and foreign.
Comprehensiveization of 2023/05/13 Industry, crystal-crystal manufacturing enterprises, sealing enterprises, flat-bed manufacturers have established good business partnerships and strengthened client cooperation through continuous technological optimization and product rotation.
Software products and services, with more than 600 global clients, including diodes, rezal, radial and microelectronics, have created an advantage for the company to open up new markets and forge new cooperation.
The tool categories are gradually completed and the “recommended” ratings are maintained. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.