Goertek (002241 CH)
Strong 2Q22 in-line; Lower TP on margin weakness
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB44.69
Goertek's 2Q22 revenue/ NP growth of 45%/54% YoY is largely in-line with its
(Previous TP
RMB48.0
preliminary results, and 2Q GPM is slightly lower at 12.3% (-2ppt YoY, -1.4ppt
Up/Downside
37.9%
QoQ) due to product mix and new product ramp. Also, Goertek reported soft
Current Price
RMB32.42
3Q22 prelim earnings of 9.5%-40.7% YoY growth, which is below expectations
China Technology
due to weaker VR demand and macro weakness. Looking into 2H22E, we
believe Goertek's growth momentum will continue with multiple product launches
Alex NG
from new-gen AirPods, Quest 2 Pro and PS VR2. Overall, we expect Goertek to
remain the major beneficiary of AR/VR product cycle in 2023E, and deliver
28%/23% YoY earnings growth in FY22/23E, backed by 62%/26% YoY in smart
Claudia LIU
product segment (VR, gaming console, smart watch). Maintain BUY with new
TP to RMB44.69, based on same 28x FY22E P/E (7-yr hist avg).
Stock Data
Strong 2Q22 on solid VR/gaming console despite margin pressure.
Goertek reported solid 2Q22 results with revenue/recurring NP growth of
45%/54% YoY, in-line with its preview earlier. Given Android demand
weakness, 2Q22 precision components/hearables products declined
11%/8% YoY, offsetting strong smart product (Watch, AR/VR, gaming
Shareholding Structure
console) of 119% YoY. In addition, 2Q GPM came in at 12.3% (-2ppt YoY, -
1.4ppt QoQ) due to weaker product mix and new product ramp up. For
Source: Bloomberg
3Q22E, company pre-announced net profit of RMB1.75-2.25bn, up 9.5-
40.7% YoY, below expectations due to macro weakness and soft VR
Share Performance
demand.
■ 2023 Outlook: AR/VR and gaming console as dual growth engines. We
believe Goertek's VR/AR and gaming segment will continue to be major
Source: FactSet
growth drivers (51%/55% of FY22/23E sales), which will grow at 62%/26%
YoY in FY22/23E, backed by new product cycle from Oculus Quest 2 Pro and
12-mth Price Performance
-002241 CH-SHSZ300 (Rebased)
Sony PS VR 2 in 2H22E, as well as share gain in Sony PS 5. In addition,
mgmt. maintained positive view with AR/VR/MR shipment target of 50-60mn
unit in 2025, backed by a new wave of product launches from Meta, Pico and
Apple in next two years.
■ Maintain BUY with new TP of RMB44.69. We trimmed our FY22-24E EPS
by 3-7% to reflect lower margin and near-term macro weakness. Our new TP
Source: FactSet
of RMB44.69 is based on same 28x FY22E P/E, based on 7-year hist. avg
P/E. We believe recent pullback provides good buying opportunities (16.5x
FY23E P/E), given its solid product roadmap and growth opportunities in
AR/VR and gaming console biz.
Earnings Summary
2Q22 results review
Earnings Revision
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 5: P&L forecast
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Valuation
Maintain BUY with new TP of RMB44.69 (38% upside)
Our new TP of RMB44.69 is based on same 28x FY22E P/E. Following recent
correction on concerns over demand weakness, we think the stock is attractive at
16.5x FY23E P/E, given 25% FY22-24E EPS CAGR, strong earnings visibility
and improving ROE.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates, * under review
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does not
provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special requirements.
Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from,
any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market
factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional
financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its affiliate(s)
to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into any
transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense
whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report
does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information, advices
and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information and/or
conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment
decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf of its
clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in this report.
As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility
in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in
part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may
not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research analyst
with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not
affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major
US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United
States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report
to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so
only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore,
6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.