1h23 net profit not attributable to the mother increased by 50.33% in the same year, new equipment grew at a high rate, Shinko semiconductor 1h23 net profit not attributable to the mother increased by 50.33% in the same year. 1h23 earned $8,570 million.
One billion yuan (yoy+50.33%) and a Maori rate of 31.1% (yoy-3.12pct). The revenue from the huhui2@guosen.com.cn new equipment operation was $3.749 billion in the first quarter of 2023, an increase of 105.13%.
Business grew rapidly, semiconductor devices generated 1.38 billion yuan (yoy+78.75 per cent), sensors received 257 million yuan (yoy+106.49 per cent), new energy powered revenues of 833 million yuan (yoy+91.27 per cent), data for the industrial era, company capacity module 1h23 installed at the top three levels of the industry, market occupancy rate
52 weeks ' maximum/minimum price 12.4%; according to Sobi PV data, company photovoltaic reverse transformer 1h23 won the 8.8gw, the first three in the country and the first in the field of centralized reverse transformers. In addition, the company ' s new energy motor power system is installed.
In the lead in the country’s industry, sensors are the country’s highest in the field of orbital traffic, with revenues from orbital traffic equipment reaching $4,691 million, an increase of 1.97 per cent over the same period.
In addition, the company's urban towed flow system has been the highest in the country for 11 consecutive years and continues to receive new orders; new products such as grinders, injured vehicles and sifting vehicles are in orbital engineering equipment.
In the area of signalling systems, the company's urban signal system has acquired new orders, of which the Ningbo 8 line project has made its first single breakthrough, and the overall track forward is on the recovery path. The emerging equipment capacity will be released gradually, and industries will move into a fast-growing period.
Phase two has exceeded design capacity, phase three has been built, and production capacity has continued to rise, and Time Electric (68817.sh) - 22 has seen a 100 per cent increase in revenue from new equipment operations on the basis of which new energy vehicle loads are delivered to Fareo for export, storage, power grid, transhipment, etc.
Continued penetration in the field; 25 new production lines for sensor operations, with a doubling of capacity; income from industrial flux plates: Time Electric (68817.sh)-22 net profit from non-repatriation increased by 30.86 per cent, which is more than double the increase in the number of new energy sources for power generation, metallurgy, mines, ships, air conditioning, etc.;
New-energy motor power generation has continued to increase, with the combined vehicles being exported overseas for the first time.
Figure 2: Company revenue structure in recent years (in billions of yuan) Figure 3: Company net profit and rate of increase (in billions, per cent) not returned to the mother for the last five years Figure 4: Company Māori rate and net interest rate for the last five years (in millions, per cent)
Figure 5: Cost of the company for the last five years (%): R & D inputs and the share of revenue collected by the company over the last five years (billion yuan, %) The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author