High-performance expectations, high-speed growth of emerging equipment operations: on 22 August, Time Electric published its mid-2023 report, with company revenues of $8.570 billion, yoy + 31.31 per cent, net return to mothers of $1,154 million, yoy + 32.52 per cent;
Performance exceeded expectations, and the share of new equipment operations rose rapidly. q2 companies achieved $5,485 million in revenue, adding a rapid increase in revenues from new equipment operations; q2 received $2,186 million in new equipment operations, a year-on-year increase, mainly due to an increase in the share of new equipment operations with a lower Māori rate.
h1 Māori for new equipment, 23.65%, an increase of 0.92 pct over the 22 year-on-year ratio. On the cost side, companies accumulated very high control costs, sales + management + R & D costs slightly decreased as a percentage of income, and ring q1 dropped by 4.20 pct; Emerging equipment outpaced and transactional operations continued to be solid. 2023h1, emerging equipment generated revenue.
s01052111449 billion, yoy + 105.13%; power semiconductor, new energy power, motor power, under the "doubt carbon" strategy
In terms of products, new-energy motor powered vehicles are exported to Thailand; production lines above the Halasic core of autonomous vehicles; accelerated delivery of photovoltaic reverse transformers and wind currents products; and erov (electrically powered underwater switches are turning on recovery and emerging equipment operations continue to function at 2023.
The development of new products is progressing well. The orbital traffic operations generated $4,691 million, yoy + 1.97%, a steady rise. The urban orbital transport market is well under way, and the city's orbital towed system continues to be ordered.
Industry, new markets for grinding cars, injured cars, sifting cars, and so on, have opened and made new breakthroughs. Reversers are growing fast, with a sword of 2022/10/18, which refers to new energy sources, igbt, and carbonated silicon eyes break.
3. Time Electric (68817.sh) Event Review: the igbt Sword has a higher rate of chip production than design capacity, which will be further expanded by the start of the three-phase project, namely, the global market, which will expand production to secure new energy supplies, 2022
In the case of igbt, the continuous delivery of electrical grids and transhipments with high voltage devices, the first bulk delivery method for new energy vehicle devices, the mid-2022 rating of Electric Time (68817.sh): The Leo Group, the smooth bulk delivery of photovoltaic and storage energy devices.
Rapid deployment of new equipment operations such as igbt, ongoing validation of the building and growth of new items, successful upgrading of the sic production line, accelerated development of new items, engine 2022/08/28
New orders were obtained in the industrial sector, and performance forecast: q2 performance met expectations, and new energy power companies were active in new equipment areas such as igbt, power drive, sensors, etc., opening up new engines for growth.
\triangleright Business progresses below the expected risk. Methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.