The company review study — the coal industry, 21st of February 2021 — shows a steady growth in operations and a return to the highest coal production ever recorded.
In January, the company achieved 28 million tons of commercial coal, +16.2%, ring + 11.1%, and coal sales.
24.6 billion kilometres, +23.6 per cent; shipping volume 11.1 million tons, +30.6 per cent; polyethylene sales, 33.3 thousand tons, + 7.1 per cent; polypropylene sales, 33.8 thousand Wang Qiuchi
In January, China’s Kagusu now produced 28 million tons of coal, an increase of 16.2 per cent over the previous year, and back to its January 2013 peak; sales of 34 million tons, an increase of 25.5 per cent over the same period.
Reasons: 1) The month of January is still warm and the month of coal consumption is still high, demand surges, and the year-on-year increase in both Chinese coal sales is driven by strong demand; 2) The month of January was influenced by the effects of the epidemic, the ban on coal imports in Australia, the reduced efficiency of coal clearance, and supply at the end of imports
Deficiencies have led to tight domestic supply and higher corporate coal sales. Driven by both production and sales, the public transport operations have also registered positive growth in their own rail transport turnover of +23.6% and shipping freight of +30.6%. The electricity operations have also increased significantly with the economic recovery, with total growth.
The company has a potential for growth in all sectors of its operations. 1) Coal mining operations: production from the Bozhikhler coal mine has returned to normal levels, clearance of grassland occupancy certificates for the Haruline mine, renewal of the mining land, etc., with subsequent production expected to recover gradually to 35 million tonnes/year, in addition to North
The electric victory open-air mine has achieved an increase in capacity through the purchase of capacity replacement indicators, from 20 million tons/year nuclear to 28 million tons/year. In the near future, the total design capacity of the new street mines will be 62 million tons/year, for a total of five mines, and, once built, the power of the divine coal production will grow by more than 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Power plants, digestion of home-grown coal; overseas, Senghua and the Indonesian National Electricity Corporation have entered into an agreement to purchase electricity, using the b00t concession model, to build two power plants to supply electricity in Indonesia for 25 years. The future profitability of electricity will be increased by 3-5%.) Transport operations:
The future of coal-based acrylic production will be doubled. The investment proposal is that the company will pay off its shareholders with a high-dimension strategy, a cash cow with a clear identity of hundreds of millions of dollars, a red rate of 57.9% and a dividends rate of over 6%.
Each block is robust and gives a “recommended” rating to the company. Figure 1: Company's monthly commodity coal production, sales and the same ratio. Figure 2: Company's total monthly electricity generation, total electricity sales and the same ratio.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.