The company, founded in 1996, has evolved into an established, rooting Sichuan, a cross-regional business arrangement with radiation. For a long time, it has been deeply engaged, returning to its capital holdings in 2021, and strengthening the foundations for cooperation.
It is a “state of heaven” in which the Great West’s Great Developments “precedented growth”; large and leveraged economies; population and structural advantages, wealth accumulation and consumption potential of the population; and regional strategic upgrading, policy convergence, which is becoming the country’s “fourth pole”.
In recent years, there has been rapid growth in the company’s silver business, which is based on historical foundations, opportunities (rotation of rents) and professionalism, and is expected to continue its efforts under regional strategic upgrades, the list of three major projects, which constitute the short- and long-term high-scaling logic of the company; active embraces of industrial upgrading, the current upturn in manufacturing lending, and financial effectiveness.
Under the “big retail” transition, individual savings have grown significantly, laying the foundation for high expansion and wealth management; housing mortgages account for nearly 90% of loans and are structurally uneven, but spatially large; and wealth management already has a channel base, with “jumping” and fiscal management. Building + personal mortgages is a low-risk expansion strategy, adding “de-marked” financial investments, contributing to higher-quality asset ratios and safer new investments.
High performance, which supports high-roe continuity. Since 2021, corporate revenue and profits have increased at both paces, with high expansions that support and drive net interest income up and down, benefiting from regional development dividends, and a high expansion that is expected to continue.
The end-of-product rate of return has the potential to increase and the net spread is expected to stabilize; the “large retail” strategy is driven by medium-growth growth prospects. The company’s investment proposal is stable: to sustain a period of significant development opportunities, based on a solid foundation of monetary cooperation, a long-term capital-based approach to public business, and a long-term industry-led logic of expansion; to lead a large retail strategy, with credit and wealth management in place; and to unblock history, assets, assets, assets, assets, assets, etc.
Quality continues to improve, with a negative net rate of production falling to “0” levels; performance is expected to remain high, contributing to the continuation of roe. It is expected that 21-23 years of eps will remain largely flat, significantly lower than Ningbo Bank, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Predominant position, period of opportunity for development. 03. To public: capital-based, industry-based, 04. Retail: strategic direction, readiness
05. From bad heights to very net statements .06. high performance, high roe continues to make a good deal of business in Chengdu.
Founded in 1996, the company was co-sponsored by local municipal finance, corporate corporations and individuals, bringing together the original 44 urban credit unions. At the beginning of the establishment, the capital bank was founded with a total of $4.82 billion in assets, less than $4 billion in deposits, and the company was able to cross the border on a weak basis, after two major tests, a marketed in 2018. As of 21q3, the company ' s total assets amounted to $746.5 billion, ranking a on the market.
In the early years of its existence, the Division was fully established, and in the longer term all the organizations were deployed in the city, and in 2009 the first decentralized branch of the province was set up.
All right, the Chongqing branch and the Xian branch were established in 2010 and 2011. As of 21h1, the company had 13 branches (1 in Chengdu, 10 in the provinces, 2 in the provinces) and 215 branches (172 in the provinces).
More than 70 per cent steady; the ratio of income to profits is as high as 90 per cent and more than 80 per cent. Figure 2: Distribution of Chengdu banks up to 21h1 branch (household) Figure 3: Distribution of Chengdu banks up to 21h1
The new management was established in 2020, with a prominent background, a strong Sichuan experience. The President of the company, Mr. Wang Jing, has accumulated a wealth of grass-roots experience at the Metropolitan Branch and has been President of the company since 2018 in 2005.
He worked for the Workers' Bureau in Chongqing, as Vice-President of the Workers' Bureau in Sichuan Province, and as President of the Corporation since 2020. Looking back at the management of the past years, the Chairman of the Board has a government background, the President of the Bank has a local working background in all four branches, turning for the first time into a “double-banking” background, or a market-friendly and corporate governance context.
The changing and stable nature of corporate management, the prominent background and local experience are expected to generate substantial resources for corporate development.
In-depth partnerships, along with earlier letters of credit with industry-related enterprises such as water and utilities, have focused on the generation of high-quality customer resources, represented by key government clients and by key municipal firms. Before listing (21h1), 80% of the top 10 clients of the company were government-related clients, with loans accounting for 25.6% of the net capital of the company, and loans in the main sector accounted for nearly 50%.
Individuals: The company is one of the wage-distributors banks of all levels of government and high-quality enterprises in Chengdu metropolitan areas, with a large number of high-income and wage-paying cards, and jointly with the Chengdu Red Cross, issued the first public interest theme card.
In September 2021, Chengdu City Water and Urban Water Construction Company Ltd.