Capital is a horse, silver is a saddle, Chengdu Bank is built on solid monetary relations, accumulates a clear advantage over public business, and capital-type loans continue to grow at a high rate, leading to stability of public deposits, asset quality, creditworthiness.
A series of excellent financial features, such as low and high roa, are typical of the “10,000-fold exercise of basic moves”. Capital supplementation of debt-transferable behaviour offers potential solutions, if converted to liquidity (millions of shares)
The shares are successful, core-level capital will be effectively replenished, and Chengdu Bank will be wiped out in the multi-strategic and multi-strategic areas of Kawasaka.
Compared to the trend of 300 depths, urbanization has a strong rainbow-sucking effect, with a compound population growth rate (from 2016 to 2021, 5.89 per cent) ranked second among provincial capitals and municipalities, more attractive to young people, and in the country.
The Bank of Chengdu, thanks to good banking relations, is becoming more competitive in its branches. Investment in industrial parks, urban renewal, and eco-friendly areas is strong, and capital loans are growing at a high rate.
• To public business: assets are moving forward efficiently, deposits are growing steadily, companies insist on “stable deposits” and “efficient assets are moving forward steadily,” and to public business. For public finance, the ratio of loans to the five major infrastructure industries is already over 60% and remains relatively high.
In terms of deposits, while expanding the new growth point, accurate marketing of the stock of customers drives steady growth in deposits (yoy+12.5%) and the pre-emptive advantage of financial proprietors is difficult to shake in the short term. On the basis of the consolidation of regional competitiveness, fine-tuning, large retailing and digitalization are proposed.
• Micro- and retail: widening micro-coverage, dynamic consumer loans and credit cards;
(1) On the micro-level, one is to optimize the “Golden and Silver” product system from urban to provincial coverage; the other is to actively work with third parties to create new growth points in supply chain finance. (2) On the retail side, to attract mobile phones, to use consumer loans for “favourable credit” and credit cards.
The “free share” is a catch (consumption loan yoy+112.2%, credit card yoy+62.3%), steady capital quality: swaps are issued successfully, asset quality is maintained well, rapid growth in public credit leads to a decline in capital adequacy, with 8 billion fungible funds
A percentage point, the basis for continued high growth in the strategy. Corporate asset quality continues to be excellent, industry lending is lower and poor disposal is higher, leading to a steady decline in bad rates and warmth in the context of macro-volatility.
In 2018, the company was placed on the market and its operations took root.
A strategy for fine-tuning, large retailing, digital transformation. Retrospectively, Chengdu banks are driven by capital-to-public and mortgage loans and have sound asset quality \triangleright
Roe levels are at the top of the list of banks, followed by roa and rorwa (figure 2). From a growth point of view: total assets grew steadily. At the end of 2021, total assets amounted to $76.8 billion. In terms of profit table structure, net revenue from interest accounts for 81 per cent of revenue, fees and commissions.
The share of net income remained at around 3 per cent, while the share of investment returns fell to 12 per cent; for expenditure, the share of management costs and asset quality provisions was 23 per cent and 27 per cent, respectively, the lowest combined, with net profits accounting for 44 per cent of the revenue, the highest of the city ' s comptoirs (figure 5).
In interest-bearing assets, the average balance of loans is 50 per cent, compared to the banks of Guiyang and Hangzhou (figure 6), with 73 per cent of public loans and only less than the bank of Guiyang, but 22 per cent of individual housing loans and higher than the comparable bank of public loans (figure 7).
Infrastructure-related water, environment and public facilities management (25 per cent), rental and commercial services (29 per cent), transport, storage and postal services (2 per cent), information transmission, software and information technology services (1 per cent), electricity, heat, gas and water production and supply (3 per cent), total
The ratio is 60 per cent, the highest for urban comptoirs (figure 8). The average balance of deposits is as high as 76 per cent of interest-bearing liabilities and 12 per cent and 4 per cent of bonds payable and inter-occupational liabilities, respectively, the highest and lowest for urban comptoirs (figure 9).
Fixed-term, company-term, individual-term, individual-term, 36 per cent, respectively, in terms of rates of return and interest payments: the Chengdu bank net difference remains stable and the policy-supported entity economic picture \triangleright
The net interest gap of 2022q1 fell slightly to 1.94%, the marginal interest rate of the loan fell, and the deposit rate continued to rise since 2017. In a horizontal comparison, the net interest differential of the capital bank, the rate of return on the loan and the rate of cost of the deposit were at the middle of the industry level (figures 11-15).
In terms of the split of net profit contributions, the marginal increase in net interest income and impairment losses in 2021 for the net bank will be supported by an orderly reduction in the provision coverage, which will support the net profit growth rate. (Figure 16)
Figure 13: Net interest difference: Figure 16: Contribution of profit sub-speed Bank 17: Contribution of profit sub-increment
2 pairs of males: Deep-cultivated, robust growth of 2.1% capital: the population has a significant inhalation effect and multiple strategies have an inhalation effect on the population. In 2016-2021, the combined rate of growth of urban residents was 5.89%.
In addition, in 2022, the talent attraction index ranked sixth among all cities, indicating a clear advantage in attracting talent. In terms of income, the per capita income of urban gdp and urban residents grew faster than the national level for most of 2012.
Multi-pronged strategies are in place. Cities benefit simultaneously from development strategies at different levels, such as the Sichuan XIV Plan, the National Programme for Integrated Stereo-Technology Networks, the Plan for the Construction of the Bi-City Economic Circle in Chengjing Region, the 14th Plan for Cities, but from the point of view of the theory of economic growth, it can be attributed to human capital, investment and innovation.
New, covering both traditional and emerging industries, stereotypicity drives the construction of a conglomerate economy. 2.2 Competition: regional competitive advantages are strong, branch cities are growing.
At the end of 2021, the two-city conglomerate in Chengjing was $6.65 trillion, or 81.4 per cent of the sum of Gdp in Sichuan Province and Chongqing City, supported by the growth of Chengdu Bank loans.
With the exception of Daraa, Chengdu Bank has established branch-level institutions in the rest of the city, and if its competitiveness is measured by the proportion of the assets of the branch agency and the local gdp or loan balance, it is competitive in most of the regions by 2.3 silver margins: high growth in capital lending
On this basis, the Chengdu Bank invests more heavily in the construction of industrial parks, urban organic renewal, eco-environmental protection, etc. In addition, the liabilities depend on the financial proprietor.
Sediment deposits, which have a pre-existing proprietorship advantage due to time constraints on financial bidding. Structurally, the share of leasing and business services (29%) and loans (25%) in the water, environment and public facilities management sectors has steadily increased.
Public facilities management: (3) electricity, heat, gas and water production and supply: (4) transport, storage and postal services: (5) scientific research and technical services operations, which together account for more than 60 per cent.
It's all made up of a limited liability to invest in Shanghai, Dongchang Investment Development Co. Ltd.