I don't know, wuxiapptec (603259ch) but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's got it, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Atttheconsensusby 6.3%. Excludingrevenuefromthecovid-19Commercial project, the companydiveredimpressivevevenuegrof 25.6% yoyin jillwu, cfa
2023, despite thechallengingenvironmentalglobalwindry.for 2024e, managementatedtheportedrevenueofwuxiapptectollofallotherange ofrm38.3-40.5bn, representingadeclineof 5.1% yooytogrovethof0.4% yoyy.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, I've got a lot of work to do, but I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
Solidbusinessdevelopmentin2023. With solidphasesynthesizer capacityof32klforpeptideprodition, tidesreveneremarkablygrew source:factset
I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm just...
27.3% and 26.1% yoy, furthersolidingtheleashingpositions in their respect. atuisworkingontwommercialprojectsandis shareperformance
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm just trying to figure out what I'm talking about.
12-mthpriceperformation, stressingthatthecompanyisnotinvolvedinthehuman genomicssectorandmaintainsnotieswithanypoliticentities,
9590858070655045mar-23 governments, ormilitaryorganizations, orebynotposing national security threat.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
sharebuybackshowconfidenceinthecompany. wuxiapptechas alreadydycancleelledrb 1.2bnh-shareundries2023h-shareaward scheme. followingthecompletionoffrmb1bna-sharepurchaseinfeb
2023, the companynyisinprogressorturchaseotherrbna-share. maintainbuy.tofactorintheuncertaintiesfromgeopoliticalrisks, wecut ourtpfromrmb 116.01tromb67.53(basedona 10-yeardcfmodelwith)
Growby-3.0 per cent/+10.3 per cent/+11.1 per cent yoyandadjustednon-ifrsnetincometo figure1: earlysrevisation source: companydata, cmigmestimates
I'm sorry, I don't know, figure 2: and Bigmestimatesvsconsensus source: companydata, bloomberg, and Bigmestimates financialsummariy.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Theresarchanalhysprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanastcoverinthiport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressaccuratelyreflectisorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectscirities oris; and (2) nopartofofhisorhercompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directly,relatesspecialviewsexpressedbythatatstin
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it, so I'm gonna do it.
This is the first time that you've ever been in a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency, a state of emergency.
♪ And bigmratings forgot: stockisnotratedbycm
Outperform mark-perform underperform
"and internationalglobalmarketslimited and internationalglobalglobalmarketslimited" ("cmbigm") iawhollyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed (awholly reported subsocialofchinamerchantsbank)
Importantdiscussions doesnotprovidindividuallytailoredvementadvice.thisreporthasbeenpreparedwithoutregardtotheindividualinvestives, financial position orspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindicationoffutureperformation, dactuatedeventsmayifferrealfromthatwichiscontainedthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedby the cmbigm, solelyforpurposeofsuplyinformationtotheclientsofcirentsorgm oritsaffiliate(s) thomitistbureted.thisportisnotototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanyscienceornyinterestin secritiesorienterintoanytransaction.neith and bigmnonyofofsaffialates, shareholds, agents, delegates, directors, officesorsorsoremployoyèsallbe.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, methhodswhencompiling.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) aeropersfallingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hhnetworthcompanies, unincorporated associations, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotprovidedtoanotherperson without thepriorwrittenconsentof and Bigm.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Idendedtoenstaintythenalysprotenfectoriesbypostentialconfactssointerestthatcoud certainoriabilityofothersesearchreport.thisreportis invertedfordstoriesthestatestatelyto"majorusinstitutionalinvestors”, asdefinedintilile15a-6undertheus, securitiesexchhangeactof 1934,asamended,andmayyotbefurnishtoanyotherpersonsentstates.eachmajorustitutionalinvestivesatresativesystemsactatives.
I don't know, by sacceptanceherofrepresentsandadagreesthatshathaltshathaltridiorprovidethisiporttoanyotherson.anyu.s.recipientofthisportwishingto effectanytransactiontobuyorselsecuritiesbasedontheforformation providedthesisresportdosoldsonlythroughau.s.-registerbroker-dealer.Forcificentsofthisdocumentiningaporeinsin
This reportistributedinsaporeby pte.mited (cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20171928d), anexemptfinancialadviserasdefined in thefinancialadvisersact (cap. 110) ofusingaporeandreguilaedbythemonetataryauthorthorityofspore.cmbismaydistreportsproducedbyits researchiveforignitities, affiliatesotropotherworldhousehousehousespooltoarrangementunderundersourceration32Cofthefinciancianciadvisersregulations.
If you're going to do it, then you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.