The performance of Pharmacy Condés throughout the year 2023 was largely in line with expectations, but the 2024 guidelines (income, adjusted net profit returns of noon-ifrs equal or slightly lower) were significantly lower than the market expectations, resulting in a 7.5 per cent decline in the Port Unit and a 4.9 per cent decline in the Port Unit after the performance was issued, although management did not provide details.
Hu Zewoocfa explains why the downward adjustment is not the cause of the growth of the new crown, and we assume that the company's business actually meets our expectations and Bloomberg's expectations, as well as the company's earlier income guidelines.
The guide was significantly lower than the market’s expected high income growth rate of ten percent (Pumper Convergence forecast), mainly due to the fact that the number of non-consumption revenue units this time was much lower than that of the previous company in the long run.
This significant downward adjustment of the non-new crown revenue growth, although management has not explained the reasons for the downward adjustment in detail, reflects, in our view, that the company's business may in fact have been the subject of a draft biosafety bill and that the next step in hr7085 would need to be voted on by the Senate and the House of Representatives, respectively, for the time being.
No timetable for the next steps has been published. Even if the two drafts were voted on by the Senate and the House of Representatives respectively, the difference between the two drafts would need to be resolved before they could be submitted to the President of the United States for approval, and management believes that it would take months and more.
Financial statement analysis and projections - Pharmacy Condt (2359.hk) e = Full Silver International Forecasts
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios: corporate growth is not as high as expected.
(b) The growth of new business is better than expected;
(b) Adjusted net interest rates of noon-ifrs above 30 per cent;
Central America’s geopolitics are better than expected. The adjusted net interest rate for non-ifrs is less than 20%; and Central America’s friction has escalated.
Pil-Ying International: The company is growing better than the new business is growing less than expected.
Net interest rates have been adjusted to be higher than 30 per cent for noon-ifrs; competition patterns have deteriorated further; and Central American geopoliticals are better than expected.
Net interest rate adjusted for non-ifrs is less than 20%; Central American friction is escalating.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
All information is collected and distributed to anyone without authorization. No person may use any of the information in this report for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as a reference to the purchase or release of information.
An offer or offer to sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transactions covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated and may be modified at a later date without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not base any decision or action on investment, withdrawal or other financial aspects solely on the information contained in this report. In addition to a statement of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pilgrim's international securities. Pilgrim International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, affiliated companies (collectively Pilgrims International) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them. Pilk International or any of its directors and/or employees shall bear no legal responsibility for any possible loss to investors arising from the use of this report or from reliance on the information it contains.
In the case of some jurisdictions or countries, distribution, distribution or sale of public securities may not be possible in all jurisdictions or for all categories of investors.
This report is only available to the “principal investor” as defined in United States Rule 15a-6 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and is not available to any other person.
This report is not issued by an accredited person as defined in section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ( " fsma " ), nor has it been approved in this report.
As a result, this report will not be sent to the British public, nor will it be transmitted to the public. This report will only be made available to eligible investors (in the sense of financial services and municipal law), i.e. (i) investment professionals with specialized investment experience as defined in section 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2005 (the “Financial Extension” Order), 2000, or (ii) who are high-value entities within the scope of section 49(2)(a)-(d) of the Order, or (ii) other persons who may legally communicate with them (all of them).
A person is referred to collectively as “the person concerned.” Any body or individual who is not a person may not follow or rely on this report or any of its contents.