The pharmaceutical team is growing steadily in hand orders, and high marks are focused on shareholder returns.
On the evening of 18 March, Pharmacy Condé revealed that the company ' s real operating income in 2023 was approximately $40,341 million, an increase of 2.51 per cent over the same period; the corresponding realization of attribution orders continued to grow faster: by the end of 2023, specific commercialized production projects were eliminated.
1. Pharmacy Condé: Integration enhances customer stickyness, multi-producer companies increase by 18 per cent over the same period. During the reporting period, companies received $26.13 billion from customers in the United States, representing an increase of 42 per cent over the same year after the elimination of specific commercial production projects;
2. " Pharmacy Minds: A steady increase in cash flow of $4.70 billion in revenues of European clients, an increase of 12 per cent in the same year; a gain of 7.37 billion yuan in revenues of Chinese clients, an increase of 1 per cent in the same year; an increase in income of people from clients from other regions "
3. " Pharmacy Companion Review: Sustained Performance and Steady Human Effectiveness High Client Integrity and Business Transformation Reflecting Integrated Success: During the reporting period, 98 per cent of the company ' s revenue came from its original clientele, amounting to RMB 39,630 million, excluding specific commercialization
Production projects grew by 30 per cent in the same year; new clients received RMB 710 million from new clients, which not only generated additional revenues for companies, but also provided wider opportunities for companies to keep following new technologies and new molecules.
In the crdmo model, more than 420,000 new compounds were delivered, 1,255 new molecules were added, and commercial and clinically more than three platinums were growing rapidly: the number of oligolic acids and polyperd &m molecules was equal to that of the reporting period.
An increase of 41 per cent to 267, a five-fold increase in the total volume of PSRPs on a year-on-year basis, and an increase in the efficiency of its operations, focusing on shareholder returns: the company achieved operating income of about 40,341 million yuan, an increase of 251 per cent over the reporting period; and the net profit of belonging of about 9,607 million yuan.
A 9% increase in the same year. A faster increase in net return relative to income is due to a 3.84% decline in operating costs compared to a 3.84% decline in sales costs compared to a 4.18% decrease in sales costs, a drop in R&D costs compared to a drop in demand, the risk of policy change, the risk of increased competition in the industry, the regulatory climate abroad
Risk, loss risk of core technicians, exchange rate risk, etc.