q1 performed beyond expectations, looking at gypsum billings + water-resistant margins + billions, +7.28 per cent, net profit + 540 million, +459 per cent. Companies sold Māori, net interest rate shares for sales.
The method of financing has gained 70% of each share in the Great Rain (Tangshan) and the High Rain (Change State). The cast board has grown for profit, with short-term pressure on water-resistant profits: while the volume of cardboard sales is expected to be affected by the epidemic and the landscape, prices are estimated to have risen on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to higher costs and higher market share rates, and companies exercise pricing authority (2021 products).
Refurbishment needs and logistics to account for the impact of the epidemic. 3 Waterproofing continues, with pressure on raw materials continuing, 22q1 leachate, 22.4% blubber, +42.2% acrylic acid, ring ratio + 6.7%, -7.5% respectively. Waterproofing continues, and the North China map is intended to work: we expect the industry to be ranked around Top10:
One long-range flood and rain mountain base, with 168 acres of land, 80 million square metres of modified asphalt and water-resistance materials, and molecular water-resistance rolls 1. New North material (000786.sz) 2021 Annual Review: Illustrative reprogramming, water-proof profits continue to be under pressure.
Billion. High-rise rains in 32022 ranked 9th out of the top 500 suppliers in our real estate development industry, with a 3% preference. After the M&As, we expect the new Northern Water Protection operation to be close to 5 billion, 13 million in 2021 and watch camp year) + not counted as Dodsett ' s income for the entire year 2021 (70 million in 2020) + the Great Rainfall for the whole year 2021
In mid-April, the company convened the first meeting of its seventh board of directors to consider the adoption of a bill to elect the chairman of the seventh board of directors, vice-chairpersons, special committees, and the continuation of the general manager.
Other statement concerns: the total cost rate for the period of the company was 14.89 per cent, corresponding to 0.8 pct, sales, management, research and tax relief, tax laws plus deductions for specialized equipment and tax credits; net operating cash flows of $4.12 billion, 21q1
157 million, recalling the performance of q1 in the last 10 years, positive in 2018 and 2021 only, negative in the remaining years and negative in the first quarter
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.