In 2023, sound operations were maintained with high levels of R & D inputs 66.6 per cent of the annual operator network business, which grew by 3.4 per cent over the year, and companies continued to consolidate their technological leadership, steadily increasing market patterns in this area. Government enterprises accounted for 10.9 per cent of the business.
The decline of 7.1% over the same period is mainly due to the decline in operating income from domestic integrated projects, data centres and international markets. Consumer operations account for 22.5% of revenue, while the decline is 1.3% over the same period, mainly due to a decrease in international end-of-home and international mobile product receipts.
On the cost side, the Māori rate has risen steadily, and R&D has remained strongly invested. The Māori rate of company combined gross 9.59 pct in 2023 and consumer operations (the Māori rate has increased by 4.50 pct on a year-on-year basis) has been significantly optimized by 8.2 per cent, of which management rates and sales rates have remained roughly equal to those of sales and management efficiency has been stable;
Corporate positioning for 2024 to maintain growth as a top priority and to continuously strengthen the strategic orientation of “connectivity plus arithmetic”. (1) In the first curve business, which is dominated by “connectivity”, the focus is on wireless and wired areas.
Competitiveness, according to the dell'oroggroup report, the company's 5g base station delivers four years in a row.
In China Communications (000063.sz) and the first half of 2023, the net return profit was increased by the same year as the growth of the terminal gigabytes. (2) In the second curve operations, represented by “arithmetic”, software and hardware research and development capabilities in the field of communications, based on the accumulation of more than one year, are in the fields of computing infrastructure, software platforms, large models and others.
China Communications (000063.sz) - The first quarter net return profit increased by 19 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with increased inputs in areas such as applications, a stereo layout around servers, data centre exchanges, and a steady improvement in the quality of the operation of China Communications (000063.sz) - 22 years net return
According to the Centre, distributed databases, etc., to enhance product and solution innovation, accelerating the deepening from connectivity to arithmetic. Communications (00063.sz) - benefiting digital economic development, communications equipment taping up and expanding. Company-wide servers support the acceleration of liquid cooling and isomers, and a new generation of switchboards.
400g/800g with a single slot capacity of 14.4t. Performance grew steadily in 2023, with income and profits growing steadily in 2023 in both domestic and international markets and across three major business lines
The company earned $12.225 billion (+1.1 per cent year-on-year) in 2023, resulting in a net profit of $9.326 billion for the mother (ibid., figure 2: revenue from the single-season period of communications in Central China and the rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) and figure 3: net profit from communications in Central China and the rate of increase in the mother (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) in the middle-swing communications season. Sub-products: the company ' s operating income grew by 1.1 per cent in 2023, of which the operator network ' s revenue grew by 3.4 per cent in the same year, mainly because of wireless and cable products.
Decreased revenues from consumer operations and government enterprises, 1.33 per cent lower revenues from consumer operations, mainly due to reduced revenues from international household terminals and international mobile phone products, and 7.14 per cent lower revenues from domestic integrated projects, data centres and international markets, respectively.
There are differences in the timing of the launch of the server and the pace of the construction of the smart money, and the pressure on income growth. For political entrepreneurs, companies insist on strengthening their self-research products and solutions, but are subject to industry investment and priority customer build-up.
As a result, income growth is a challenge; for consumers, companies have a window period of rapid growth in the gigawatts of light, driving household end-of-end income growth and pursuing cost-leading, differential and innovative strategies to achieve negative growth in income from mobile products. The international market has generated 37.8 billion yuan (+0.2 per cent for the same year) over 23 years.
The growth of income from household end-of-life and mobile phone products is challenging because of falling market demand and increasing competition. Māori rose steadily in 2023, and continued innovation research and development. Company overall Māori increased 4.34 pct by the same year in 2023.
The business Māori rate increased by 4.50 pct from the same year, mainly due to changes in income structure and continued optimization of costs. Corporate management was stable, management and sales rates were almost equal; and 5g related products, chips, servers and inputs in technology areas such as storage and innovation were continuously increased, with R&D costs increasing by the same amount.
Deepening the “connectivity plus arithmetic” business system, where companies were positioned to grow in 2024, above all, to remain in the lead in the wireless and wired field on the “connection”-based first curve business.
For the fourth year in a row, the 5g base station and the 5g core network were ranked second in the world in terms of volume, the Rand and 5g core network products were rated by industry leaders, and the 10gpon market share of light access products was ranked second in the world. At the same time, innovative technologies and programmes, such as 5g-a, the All-Light Network, the 5g new applications, were evolving, and the co-operators were able to make a big difference.
Commercial validation and deployment of multiple scenarios, such as experience, industrial field network, generalizations, redcap, etc. On a second curve operation, represented by “arithmetic”, software and hardware research based on multi-year accumulation of communications fields \triangleright
Development capacity, increased input in areas such as arithmetic infrastructure, software platforms, large models and applications, stereo layouts, introduction of products such as servers and storage, data centre switches, data centres, large nebula array models, and accelerated expansion from connectivity to arithmetic.
Accelerating, a new generation of switches supports 400g/800g, with single slot 14.4t capacity. In the terminal area, communications is dedicated to building ani-driven landscape smart ecology 3.0 around mobile terminals, smart families, cloud computers, auto electrons, and continuing to roll out multi-firm innovations.
Products and programmes, including 5 g+ai 3d flat-eye nubiapad 3dii, all-power image flagship Nubia z60ultra, ai5gfwa products, w-fi7 and fttr series, 5g cloud pens, etc.
The world's highest sales of red magic are in the global market for electric phones, and cloud terminals have the highest share of domestic operators. Automobile electro-promotion is deep with many head cars like one, east wind, long-anse, upper steam, etc.
Figure 14: Nubiapad 3d 2024 was a year of corporate “strategic overstretched” operations, with companies facing a more complex external environment, and the current slowdown in the growth and completion of business capital expenditure and the absence of a clear business and terminal landscape
Improved, but companies continue to maintain technological leadership, high-quality development, and steadily improve the quality of their operations. Revenues and profits. Companies focus on nationally owned, controlled and core chip research and development, and the Māori rate continues to rise, while research and development costs continue to be invested, profitability and net interest rates are expected to improve in the future:
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject