5g-a sails on a new wave of growth in the country, communications (000063.sz) – the leading global ict field, research and development enabling “connectivity + arithmetic”, building a new engine of growth in the second curve
The company is the leading global provider of integrated communications and information technology solutions, with a complete, end-to-end product and solution for the industry, and is in the lead. Based on its core and strong bottom-level R & D capabilities, the company anchors the “connection plus arithmetic” to build an efficient digital base. In the short term, the company's R & D capability.
The performance of the network of operators continues to optimize and profitability increases; in the medium and long term, the ai era, where the arithmetic-based second curve business is expected to grow rapidly, network-building is accelerating towards 5g-a, the first curve business is expected to move towards a new turning point, and we are expected to drive firm growth in corporate performance, and we continue to look to the public for good.
The value of the Division’s strong R & D strengths in new applications is realized. We expect the company to return to its parent net profit era in 2023-2025, with its second curve, represented by arithmetic products, highlighting competitive power, opening up new growth space, keeping pace with the wave of computing power, issuing training machines and a completely new G5 series of services in the computing base.
Devices include i-server, g-pu server, mail server, etc., to support liquid cold program, product sustainability, server market share is expected to break; high-end routers and 400-ge/800-speed data centre switches are introduced in connection with network connectivity, product matrices are enriched, and overall solutions are competitive
In terms of large models, self-researching the nebula has been introduced, using the “1+n+x” strategy, to cover a number of vertical areas; in terms of databases, self-researching the goldendb distributed financial-level database has been leading many of the sub-division areas, and as of the first half of 2023, China was the first country to move and China's share of connectivity.
• High R & D inputs shaped core competitiveness and pre-positioned 5 g-a multi-areas in the first three quarters of 2023 in a telecommunications, electronics, media and computer plates.
In the last 10 years, companies have accumulated more than $140 billion in R & D, and high R & D has shaped strong technology and product core competitiveness. Companies have completed tests in the 5g-a area of redcap, 5g-a senses as one network, 5gntn, etc.
The company is the leading global provider of integrated communications and information technology solutions based on the core of the ict core.
Power, built around connectivity (ct technology), arithmetic (it technology), cloud network integration, focused on the network of operators, government enterprises and consumer operations. Operator network: based on core capabilities from the end of the ict to the end, oriented towards the traditional network of operators, launched 5g
Wireless products such as base stations, the 5g core network: release of cable products such as fixed nets, light transmissions, routers, switches, light modules, etc.; launch of products such as cloud computers, servers and storage products, data centre switches and routers, data centre electrical modules and liquid cold systems for operators of cloud network operations.
Government and enterprise: follow the wave of arithmetic, build on the bottom core of technology such as chip, database and operating systems, expand into the domestic political and business market, with products such as a big model for nebula development, a model driver, whole-system servers (ai servers, gpu servers, general servers, mail servers, etc.) and storage equipment,
Data centre switches and routers, databases, 5g+ digital nebula platforms, car-level modules, etc. Consumer operations: companies continue to roll out multiple new items, product matrices are constantly enriched and products consist mainly of mobile phones, tablet computers, argoscopes, bmb&fwa, poncpe, top box, routers, etc.
Figure 1: China’s communications business structure The company has become the world’s first-tier provider of communications equipment. Dell’oroggroup data show that between 2018 and the first half of 2023, China’s communications, Nokia, Ericsson, and China’s communications were stable at the global level.
The global market share of companies has gradually risen from 8% in 2018 to 11% in the first half of 2022, and the global market for telecommunications equipment has eased since 2022, the market share has stabilized and the company continues to be in the first echelon. In the first half of 2022, China was the market for telecommunications equipment.
The share reached 58 per cent, the market share reached 32 per cent and the share of other producers was 10 per cent.
The company’s connection-based first curve industry is located on the communications track and consists mainly of wireless access, cable access, core networks, carrier networks, etc., and develops robustly and continuously leading the industry. The second curve business, represented by arithmetic, is expanding at an accelerated pace.
Digital energy, smart terminals, and other tracks, including servers and storage, terminals (intellectual family end), industrial digitization, digital energy, automobile electronics, etc., seek to generate additional amounts of performance. A fast-tracking second-curve business, with arithmetic infrastructure products becoming a new dynamic for growth.
Over the past six months, the size of the corporate server and storage market has reached the top five in the country, with the telecommunications industry continuing to be in the top five, with extensive applications in finance, the Internet, electricity, etc.; by the first three quarters of 2023, corporate arithmetic infrastructure products had sold three times as much overseas as in the same period last year, and servers and storage products had served more than 50 countries.
The firm's internal resilience has been highlighted by the steady growth of the operator's business and the sustained corporate commitment. After the trade friction of 2018, the company has been actively restructured and quickly organized to resume production, and the former board members and the management involved have all resigned and appointed a compliance coordinator.
In 2019, the company had a high net profit level, mainly as a result of the proceeds of asset disposal. After 2018, the company recovered gradually, and in 2021 the volume exceeded its 2017 level, reflecting the firm’s strong operational resilience.
The anchoring of "connectivity plus arithmetic." Opens up new growth space. 2024 is the year of the "strategy beyond" deepening. The firmness of the company to expand to "connectivity plus arithmetic" strengthens innovations such as 5g-a, full light networks, arithmetic infrastructure, ai large models, and 5g new applications, while ensuring the core competitiveness of the first curve business.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company’s first-curve operator network continued to lead the industry, with products such as the 5g base station, the 5g core network, the 200g light network, and so on.
The product continues to be innovative, providing ai servers, high-capacity switches and routers, as well as end-to-end solutions such as the Huanka large-scale clustering, a single booster, etc., using the "1+n+x" strategy to develop a generic large model from the main.
In terms of the distribution of business, the operator’s network income was reduced from 2018, mainly as a result of the decline in international mobile product revenues. The share of government and consumer business on the whole was gradually rising, with the second curve accelerating.
The network of operators accounted for 67.23 per cent of the total revenue in the first half of the year: the total revenue ratio for consumer business showed an upward trend, with 23.09 per cent for consumer business in the first half of 2023; after 2019, the total revenue ratio for government enterprises was 1, the international market: 5g construction was behind the domestic level, or it would drive companies to achieve wireless and cable business.
On wireless products, companies focus on large-scale t-nets and seize opportunities for new and modernized 5g overseas, and harvests are expected to continue to grow; on cable products, companies capture the tide of offshore light-to-copper withdrawals and fixed grid access.
With regard to arithmetic infrastructure products, the company launched a new g5 series of servers in 2023 to enhance product competitiveness on a continuous basis. As of the third quarter of 2023, overseas market numeracy infrastructure was sold three times as much as in the same period last year. With regard to household consumption end-of-life, there was a strong promotion of home terminals to meet the needs of overseas family light networks.
2. The domestic market: 5g base stations continue to be built, and the wireless share is expected to increase: transmission networks + fixed broadband access Networks to large capacity: operators ' large-scale computing networks: network building into the 5g-a age, with many scenarios leading to technological innovation, or leading to robust growth of operators ' operations.
Arithmetic + network products, such as machine and switchboards; a big one model, using the “1+n+x” strategy, with a steady growth of the second curve. By the end of the year, the total number of 5g base stations in the country stood at 3,377,000, compared with 6.295,000 base stations.
Building space; in 2023, we measured a cumulative build-up of 1.65 million stations, which exceeded the construction of 887,000 stations in 2022, reaching a new peak of 5 g base stations. For conversion to radio frequency units, base station data with conditions for use are dynamically updated and cannot be adjusted retroactively.
In the domestic operator base station collection, companies are becoming more competitive in wireless products, with a steady increase in the winning share. Companies have been ranked second in the number of wireless product collection projects, rising from less than 30% in the early years, to the second-largest in the world and the second-highest in the world in the core 5g network.
Core chips such as multi-mode softband chips, multi-moded digital frequency chips have been successfully self-researched, product performances and costs have been optimized, the market for wireless equipment has become less competitive, corporate profitability has been increased or will continue to increase. We recognize that, with the growing competitiveness of the company's products, Ericsson and Nokia's share has been shrinking, and the company's wireless equipment has been reduced.
The market share is expected to increase continuously. (2) The transmission network is expected to expand and access to 50 gpon, and the share of wired products is expected to rise. The internal transmission network is expected to expand from 200g to 400g and greater capacity, and the long-range transmission scale is expected to be commercial in 2024.
The company launched a real 400gotn light transfer program and the first 800gotn industry can be pulled out of the module, and the market share is expected to increase: fixed broadband access continues to evolve from 10 gpon to 50 gpon, the company pre-positions 50 gpon, the first to introduce 50 gpon technology and complete the first 50 gpon & xgs-poncombo
As of the first half of 2023, companies were ranked first in the world in number of unt shipments and second in number in number of ponolt shipments. (3) Three operators are expected to benefit from the second curve, represented by arithmetic, by an increase in arithmetic capital spending.
In 2023, the Division launched a new g5 series of servers and supported a multiplicity of new products, such as liquid cooling, high-speed exchangers and routers, with multiple partnerships with the three major operators, which are expected to continue to benefit in the future.
By the first half of 2023, the company’s domestic operator’s market servers had remained in the lead. (4) Networking had entered the 5g-a era, with companies taking the lead in areas such as redcap, 5gntn, car networking, etc., and ushering in new development opportunities.
Tests were completed in the 5g Consolidated Redcap project; in the 5g satellite communications scene, the ntn satellite broadband and architecture technology validation was completed, companies were on the cutting edge of technology in a number of areas and were expected to hold in the commercialization of subsequent technologies.
In the new construction cycle of 5g-a, we believe that the company ' s first curve business is expected to continue to benefit; in the 'i ' era, the division owns multi-industry chain layouts such as ai servers, storage, switchboards, routers, liquid cold idc, which can provide end-to-end solutions, and we believe that the second curve business, represented by arithmeticals, is expected to grow rapidly and open up to growth.
The business Māori rate has increased significantly and the profitability has increased significantly. The Māori rate achieved in the first three quarters of 2023. Sub-operational panels, 2018-2023h1, the network of operators as the company's main business, and high Māori business, where the Māori rate is on a year-to-year upward trend, with gross gains from the low Māori product income ratio in 2020.
The main reasons for the continued increase in the Māori ratio of commercial operations are: (1) the easing of competition in the 5g equipment market, the continuous increase in the share of the corporate market, the significant scale effect and the continued optimization of the Māori ratio; (2) the strong corporate chip design and development; the continuing capability of multi-products such as the base station, routers, switchboards, etc.; self-research of the core chip; and optimizing the cost of the product
The structure was accompanied by an improvement in product performance and a steady increase in product Māori; (3) a gradual improvement in the collection structure, a consistent increase in income from sequestered products and carrying products, and a steady improvement in Māori ratio; a year-on-year downward trend in the Māori ratio in government enterprises, with improvements in the first half of 2023; and a gradual improvement in the Māori consumer business.
Companies value R & D inputs and create core barriers. By the third quarter of 2023, companies were ranked first in terms of R & D inputs in each quarter of 2023 in communications, electronics, media and computer plates. Over the past 10 years, companies have invested more than $140 billion in R & D, and high R & D inputs have been made strong.
The technological and product strength of the chip has accumulated over nearly 30 years of research and development, with continued and enhanced inputs in advanced process design, core ip, architecture and encapsulation design, digitally efficient development platforms and industry-led process-wide design capabilities. Companies have continued to increase their R & D costs and R & D rates in recent years.
At the end of 2022, the company had 36,000 R & D workers, spent 10 billion yuan on R & D for nine consecutive years, invested in technological areas such as film, server and storage, innovation and new products, and, on the technical side, invested heavily in forward technology such as 5g-advanced, 6g, ai large models and vertical models, and built on the truth.
Companies are in the first bloc of global patent placements and reserve-rich patents. As of 30 June 2023, companies had about 865 million global patent applications, and cumulative global patents over the years were about 44,000.
Disclosure of the 5g standard required patents to get the number of active families to the fourth highest in the world.3 Arithmetic products are new, 5g-a multi-area layouts 3.1, ai are emerging and second-curve operations continue to benefit from the technological revolution
The aigc development brought with it a strong demand for arithmetic infrastructure, which led to the construction of the network. At the end of 2022, the generation of a big one, a big model,chatgpt, came out of thin air, launched a new wave of the ai, and companies such as Internet manufacturers and research institutes, both in and out of the country, were increasingly involved in the development of large models.
In the example of the gpt model, the total capacity of the gpt-3 model is approximately 36.40 pf-days. According to the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the number of gpt-4 parameters introduced in 2023 may have expanded to 1.8 trillion, 10 times the level of gpt-3 and the training capacity requirement has risen.
68 times the size of gpt-3, which requires training for 90-100 days at 25,000 a100. Either the training of the i model is supported by extrapolative resources, or the fast development of the ai has created a great demand for numeracy, which has boosted the base of numeracy. At the end of the month, the total size of the data centre is over 7.6 million standard racks, and the total size of the numeracy has been reached.
In October of 2023, the Ministry of Technology and Communications, in conjunction with six departments, issued the Plan of Action for the Quality Development of Arithmetic Infrastructure, which, in terms of computing power, exceeds 300 eflups, with a 35% smartness ratio. Arithmetic is an important resource for the digital economy.
We believe that the future of servers as the base of computing power is expected to continue. According to idc data, in the first half of 2023, China ' s market for AI servers reached $3 billion, an increase of 55.4 per cent over the same year.
The model will be $9.1 billion, an increase of $82.5 per cent over the year, and $13.4 billion in 2027, a five-year compound increase, and the launch of the ai server, which will help with the development of artificial intelligence. The company will launch a new g5 series server, which will enrich the product matrix.
, r5300g5 global view server, r55500g5 mass storage server, r6500g5 isomer algorithm server and r8500g5 high performance server with high density numeracy, flexible expansion, isomer numeracy, sea volume storage, stable reliability, etc., and supporting liquid cold radiating heat. For large models, companies at the end of 2023, (1)
Launch of gpu server r6900g5 with large model training to carry 8 h800 nvlinkgpu modules or 8 ocpoam8-gpu modules to assist in artificial intelligence development. (2) Launch of aacube training drive hardware platform, arithmetical, capable of matching multimodel cpu/gpu; network, non-destructive network support
Roce and ib network: for software, training resources can be managed uniformly through infrastructure software, with arithmetic distributed according to needs; for example, the one platform software provides a full life cycle of training and efficiency enhancement for operators and business users.
A combination of unique application scenarios or business data can accelerate the penetration of the generation of artificial intelligence into the industry and enable it in multiple ways: (1) From the business function landscape, by integrating a model (or models) with an enterprise data set, which can be used by a particular business or functional sector (marketing, marketing, procurement, etc.)
Operational requirements for functional scenarios; (2) accelerated software development through specific job design, such as the generation of scripts, pictures, videos, etc., which can inject the generation of artificial intelligence functions into existing applications and increase productivity: (3) industry landscape based on sufficiently large training data sets or in conjunction with industry ecological partners
Figure 23: China's AI application landscape development presents a big one, using the "1+n+x" strategy. Companies rely on hundreds of thousands of their own years of sedimentation.
Model pre-training of high-quality language materials such as wireless/core network/coated code materials in the field of communications, release of a fully self-researched coding model, Large Model for Nebula Research and Development, full-process assistance in research and development and, as of October 2023, the number of people living was 12,000, with a code adoption rate of 40 per cent to 45 per cent, code efficiency 30 per cent, overall
R & D benefits 10%, located in the first ladder of code-type models. The strategy of "1+n+x" is to develop the `1' series of generic large models, and to pre-train `n' broad models in fields of knowledge enhancement, including the development of code large models, communications large models, large government models, parks large models, etc., and to produce `x' applications, continuous enabling codes.
In addition, companies can provide customized services such as model training, fine-tuning, and integration of large model application systems to help firms embrace each other. Over the years, research and development has built up self-researched financial-level distributed databases, goldendb, in the domestic financial and operator markets.
In the area of finance, the industry has maintained a leading role in core business applications, with clients covering more than 50 gold-contributors, such as state-owned banks, share-stock banks, and headbillers; in the area of operators, companies maintained China's mobile and China-connected first in the first half of 2023.
Shares. According to the China Financial Database Industry Study (2023), 2022-year-oldkogoldendb ranked first in the bank-level distributed database market share, 24.4 per cent; 50 per cent in the banking core system (excluding sub-core) and 50 per cent in the banking core system, and 50 per cent in the sub-core and non-bank core system.
32 per cent, all industry-first, financial-level distribution database number one. Figure 24: Market share of distributed database in Chinese banking, financial-level distribution, 2022: Operating income of distributed relationship database for customer procurement (local deployment; oltp, htap, not olap)
3.2. Accelerating the entry into a new phase 5g-a, where the industry is expected to reach a new turning point. According to the 3gpp plan, the technological evolution of 5g is divided into two phases, r15, r16 and r17 are the first phase of 5g, followed by r18, r19 and r20 are the second phase and the second phase is known as the second phase.
It's 5gadvanced (5g-a.) based on three main areas of 5g-a, the company has a seamless layout, a couple of billions of things, defined capabilities, a global sense of common sense, an empty space, and an intelligent six scenes.
Incoherent omens: the company industry’s first achieves medium frequency from 64 tr to 128 tr, providing doubling capacity; based on high frequency products with the largest 1.6 ghz bandwidth, achieving 28 gbps with excess capacity.
Large-scale deployment, during the 5g-a phase, the introduction of lightweight 5g-associatedcap technology to achieve end-downs and accelerate multi-scenes-connected landings. The Ministry of Industry and Communications issued a circular on the advancement of 5g light-quantity (redcap) technology evolution and application of innovation development, which states that by 2025 cities above the county level will have achieved 5g light-quantified requirements.
The company has joined forces in large-scale deployments in several provinces, in October 2023, with the company ' s combined Guangdong mobile team spearheaded the deployment on the 700m network, and has now achieved the commercial capacity of the core cities of Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Fushan, and we believe that the company is expected to continue to suffer in the light-quan coverage of the next 5g.
As a ground-breaking evolutionary technology in the field of satellite communications, Ntn (5gnon terestrialnetwork) provides connectivity to Haiti in the sky with the advantage of satellite coverage and the integration of mobile communication standards.
The 5g core network, as well as the first domestic nr-ntn low-orbiting satellite broadband operation validation laboratory, etc., and the first national 5gntn mobile phone direct satellite field validation and the first maritime scene 5gntn combined securities
Figure 26: Developments in mobile network technology Figure 27: Satellite communications 5gntn transparent transmission architecture Transfer networks from 200g to 400g and greater capacity, with companies expected to benefit from cable operations.
The demand for stable data transmission, arithmetic movement across regions, etc., continues to evolve towards higher speeds, larger capacity, and longer distances. Currently, the single wave capacity of 400g short distance transmissions is gradually mature and is expected to be on a commercial scale in 2024. The single wave capacity of 800g is about to be released and is expected to open short distances in 2025.
Transfer pilot applications. The company issues the real 400gotn ultra-wided long-range transmission program, which is the base of the light base in the East and West; The first 800gotn-plugable module in the publishing industry, which can increase monolithic density one-fold and reduce gbit power consumption by 68%. With the 400g long-range transmission scale commercialized in 2024, the company is expected to benefit the core.
10 gpon continues to evolve to 50 gpon, and the company has pre-positioned and completed the tests. 50 gpon, the key technology for the construction of the megascopic network, can bring the network down from the millisecond level to the microscopic level, significantly improve its reliability and stability, and further satisfy precision automated control, xr production control, autopilot, remote medicine.
The 10 gpon-based gigabytes of broadband are now in the mainstream, and fixed broadband access technology is starting to smooth down to 50 gpon. The three major domestic telecommunications operators, as well as foreign telecommunications operators, such as Spanish, Swiss and French telecommunications, are actively engaged in testing and piloting the current network technology, which is expected to be achieved by 2027.
Scale deployment. The company has taken the lead in completing the first 50 gpon&xgs-poncombo current network pilot and launching a new generation of fttr products roompon 5.0 and a large capacity tbit level that meets the 50 gpon mass deployment platform xxa10c600e, supporting the gpon to 10 gpon, and moving to 50 gpon.
Slide to continuously improve market competitiveness of sequestered products.4 Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 4.1, business segmentation and profit forecasting
The company is the leading global provider of integrated communications and information technology solutions, with the complete, end-to-end products and solutions of the ict industry, and is in the vanguard of the industry. Based on the core of ict, anchoring the "connectivity plus arithmetic" to build an efficient digital base, the ai era, where a second curve of business, represented by arithmetic power, is expected to lead.
Rapid growth leads to an increase in corporate performance. We expect the company to earn its operating income in 2023-2025 to be (1) a network of operators: the international market’s 5g network is lagging behind, leading to growth in the company’s offshore wireless business: the domestic 5g construction continues and progresses to 5.5g, the operator’s equipment market is less competitive, wireless + in some cases.
The market share of line services has continued to grow, and product Māori rates are expected to increase as products switch to self-research chips; operators, cloud networks have been transformed, large-consumption networks have been created, or ict equipment, such as company servers, switches, routers, etc., will be brought into operation (2) Businesses: in the digital economy era, aigc has developed fast and is expected to boost gpu servers and storage
The market share is expected to grow as a result of fast-tracking of network products, such as storage, high-speed exchangers, high-end routers, and a large-scale model of the ai, which is expected to be re-released as the national chip is gradually replaced by a short-term, international chip policy that hinders the delivery of the ncardai server.
As the server is a low-moric product, we expect (3) consumer business: end-of-life products capture product upgrading as a result of growing domestic and foreign household bandwidth demand: bottom-level R & D enabling mobile phone products, continuous roll-out of new products to strengthen market position, aigc wave
The power of strong R & D is expected to be realized in the major applications of network building, servers, digital data exchange and routers, consumer electronics, auto electrons, chips, databases, etc.
9.73-fold, we have selected the three domestic ict companies of purple-light shares, sharp-speed networks and fire communications as comparable listing companies, with medium-evolving communications values that are low compared to the average valuation of comparable companies. As the wave continues, the network moves into a new phase of 5g-a, 6g, and there is wide scope for companies to develop over the long term, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
If the operator ' s capital expenditure and the construction of 5g fall short of expectations, it will affect the advancement of the entire 5g industrial chain, as well as the operator, government and consumer operations of the Department ' s main business. (2) Arithmetic infrastructure will fall short of expectations.
If arithmetical infrastructure is not built as well as expected, it will have a negative impact on the management of the middle-aged enterprises, which in turn will have an impact on the operation of the Chinese-owned telecommunications company. (3) The trade friction between China and the United States has intensified.
If trade friction between China and the United States increases, it will affect the advancement of the domestic 5g, arithmetic industry.