A combination of security margins and elasticity, with the potential of retailing not being fully recognized The value of less than 7 per cent of space is estimated to be as high as 13.50 per cent, but actual non-performing loans + asset quality: 1) is currently comparable to the four major State-owned businesses, with a negative rate and a ratio of overdue loans.
2) Active disposal of stock loads and control of additional risks over 14-18 years, including: (i) increased wind control; (ii) increased disposal. Close to 120 billion non-performing loans have been written off and transferred over 13 years to date, accounting for 31.5 per cent of the accumulated profits of the period, the highest in the State-owned sector; (ii) adjustment of credit flows.
Good industry loans (e.g. wholesale retail loans from 12% in 13 years to only 3 in late June 18) are more robust and robust in terms of the quality of current assets than they were in 14 years. Stock indicators have steadily improved, with poorly identified gaps being met at one time, and loan provision coverage over 90 days has increased to 189%, with a higher level of risk resistance.
Loan demand is robust, capital money is adequate, and asset liabilities are not subject to adjustment pressure (non-specify + peer asset share is only about the same if retail loans reach the average of four major lines and loan as interest-bearing assets, measuring net interest differentials can increase by 31 bps, which is more flexible; and deposit balances at the end of liabilities increase by 1 bps against each increase of 1 pc.
• Specialized operations: Ten years of accumulation to build “general wealth management” and larger retail space. 1) Ten years of sedimentation to form “general wealth management systems” with stable fees and net revenue from commissions. 2) Increased investment of resources and greater retail space.
Capital expenditure in the retail sector rose from 46 per cent in 12 years to 63 per cent in the first half of 18 years, and credit card operations became visible cards.
One billion (10% of the city) jumps to third and second place in the industry.
(4) A start-up customer base, a structured client-management system.
In the future, efforts will be made to raise aum per capita (after recruitment). A significant increase, with bright performance growth, is evident.
Highest. On the line: two of the apps grew faster, with the number of customers “buying the bill” exceeding 53 million, the retention rate of 60 per cent the following month, both sticky and active, the number of days' work of the “Travel Bank” apps equal to 3, the number of days' work of the “Travel Bank” (601328): currently
Roe is expected to “touch back to the bottom” with only 0.63 x, considering the robustness of its asset quality, with nearly 5% high dividends, potential performance elasticity, high investment value, and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
“low value, security margin” + “high interest rate, high configuration value” or low level compared to their own history. As far as asset quality is concerned, the ratio of bad transaction + concern loans (i.e., “potentially bad”) is only 4.09%, State-owned
The lowest of the five lines, while the current valuation corresponds to an implicit disadvantage rate of 13.50 per cent, higher than the total of the four State-owned banks and the 14-year period, indicating that the current valuation adequately reflects the market’s pessimistic expectations of uncertainties, such as the quality of future assets. From the point of view of the return on capital, the turn-over roe is slightly lower than that of other state-owned majors, but considering its future interest.
The elasticity and sustainability of the difference, improved profits, and the prospect of a “circumstance” in 19 years. Moreover, from the point of view of the h-equity premium, the performance of the h-stakes has been markedly better over the 18 years (a year-round increase + 11.79 per cent, the highest of all a+h bank shares) and the rate of the h-suppliers has fallen to about 9 per cent (below the average of the a+h bank share).
This is basically the lowest level in 14 years, indicating that the share of the transport bank is undervalued. Figure 2: The implicit disadvantage rate of cross-entry is higher than that of the partner, which is historically higher. 2) The interest rate is close to 5%, with a high allocation value.
Robust. Even with the worst operating environment of 14-16 years (impacted by interest cuts, sharp drops in interest differentials, pessimistic economic downturns, long and short-end interest rates having been significantly lower than at the beginning of the year, the value of the configuration is extremely high.
2.1. The indicators are essentially comparable to those of the four main lines. (i) The stock indicator is based on the average position of the industry at the end of September, at 1.49 per cent and 1.85 per cent, respectively, and on the average at the end of June, at only 2.6 per cent.
The lowest of the major lines; (ii) the poor perception gap is one-time, and the company ' s bad-90-day or more-over-the-scissors gap has been an important reason why the Division ' s valuation lags behind its peers, but the ratio of poor/90-day-over-the-year loans at the end of September is somewhat worrying compared to the favourable rate of production at the beginning of the year, but mainly because of the negative perception that it is becoming more severe, and is expected to be negative for 19 years.
Indicators such as poor rates perform slightly better than their counterparts; (iii) adequate security provisions are available with a coverage of 171.1 per cent at the end of September, roughly equivalent to the four main lines.
Risk exposure in the steel industry and the economic downturn began in 14 years, with asset quality and valuation double burdening. Risk events such as risk exposure in the long triangle, the steel industry, etc., concentrated on fermentation in 12-13, with some impact on the quality of the assets handed over, with 17.3 billion new non-performing loans in the first half of the 14 years, of which about 65 per cent came from the steel industry.
By contrast, the value of the stock exchange has been falling steadily and the valuation has been frustrated, reaching almost 10 years at the bottom of the valuation (0.64 x) at the beginning of the 14-year period.
However, from 13 to 18 years, there was a positive response, with increased control, write-offs and disposals to reduce the burden on the stock, and active adjustment of the credit structure to control incremental risks, including: 1) Greater control over the public wind.
(b) Increase in the write-off and disposal of non-performing loans. 13 years to date, there has been a steady decline in the balance of outstanding loans, which had been reduced by $18.4 billion by the end of September 1818, and a gradual reduction in the historical burden.
In the past 13 years, more credit restructuring has been implemented, mainly in two areas: 1) stock has partially reduced the allocation of loans to high-performing industries.
In the case of wholesale and retail trade, the largest drop has been recorded in State-owned major banks in 13 years, with a net decrease of $132.2 billion in total investment in wholesale and retail trade, representing a steady decline from 13.22 per cent of total lending in 12 years (which is significantly higher than in other State-owned major banks) to only 5.42 per cent (which accounts for the lowest percentage).
Low-risk sectors, such as energy supply, transport storage and water public management (the industry as a whole suffers from an overall poor rate of less than 1 per cent), combined with prudential operations, greater disposal efforts and optimal credit structures over the past few years, the quality of the company ' s assets is now stronger and more robust than during the same period of 14 years.
Improved, poor rates, interest-type loan ratios, overdue loan ratios decreased by 0.03 pc, 0.58 pc, sexual completion, and asset quality was significantly more robust and robust. And, during the 18-year period of opportunity for companies to increase their performance at a faster rate, the provision was increased by a significant increase of 51 pc to 189% over the start of the year.
At the same time as the quality of assets is improving, the profitability of the current transactions is also clearly stronger, as a whole, as compared to the 14-year period, over the past few years, when the swaps have been heavily pressurized to reduce the risk of stocks, new credit has been concentrated in low-risk areas such as retailing, which is really the “bottom zone”.
Over the 18 years, the performance of companies has been impressive, mainly as a result of: 1) the increase in profitability has improved on a quarterly basis. The previous three quarters saw a 5.3 per cent increase in net profit relative to the previous three quarters and a q1~q3 increase in speed points.
Not 3.97%, 5.23%, and 7.05%, the growth rate is increasing on a quarterly basis.
3) Significant asset quality repairs. While the poor rate has steadily declined to 1.49 per cent, the overdue target has improved significantly: late loans, loan balances of more than 90 days have fallen by $9.7 billion, $11.3 billion, or 32bps, respectively, at the beginning of the year; 18 years of performance have rebounded only at the beginning, and we expect 19 years of performance to be both flexible and sustainable.
On the basis of several logics: 1) 19 years of scale increase will return steadily; 2) interest differential increase will be flexible and will provide greater scope for increasing corporate profitability if it is sustained; 3) fee revenue will remain stable; 4) asset quality will remain robust. We have discussed asset quality in detail earlier, followed by a focused analysis of size and net interest differentials, fee revenue
Part of the analysis is detailed in Part IV, in conjunction with its wealth management business. The scale expansion, with constant restructuring of credit to low-risk retail operations, looks forward to a future in which turn-over continues to tilt the source towards retailing, and where risk controls are expected to be in place at a steady increase in scale.
The four main factors underpinning the 19-year growth include: 1) overall credit demand remains robust. For 13 years, corporate credit has been channelled gradually to lower-risk retail outlets, with mortgage lending at 46.1% and 25.8% respectively.
The demand for credit at the retail end is more stable. For the public sector, companies act as State-owned majors, with better capital projects and better customer resources, with capital sector loans accounting for about 33.4 per cent (including energy supply, transport storage, water and utilities management).
With the 19-year policy emphasizing the “baseline” of infrastructure, it is expected that the demand for public credit will be more robust as well.2 Capital money is largely unbridled. At the core level, level I, and capital adequacy rates of 10.87 per cent, respectively, at the end of September, corporate capital consumption is also declining, with a rising share of retail business and a risk-weighted coefficient.
From 71.7 per cent in 13 years to 60.7 per cent (the lower the efficiency of capital use, the faster the capital per unit increases). Thus, overall, current capital funds are less constrained by their future scale-up.
On the other hand, increased credit investment will also drive deposit derivatives; (2) in the case of low interest rates, 19.7 per cent of the current joint inventory + peer liability ratio, with some scope for regulation of the red line (33 per cent). 4) There is no pressure to adjust the asset liability structure.
Traditional loan holdings are dominated, asset-end non-valued (property management products and fiduciary gains), peer-to-peer ratios are only 2.7 per cent, 7.9 per cent, and well below medium-sized and small-sized banks, and liabilities end-of-service certificates plus peer liabilities account for less than 20 per cent, all meet regulatory requirements and orientations, and there is little structural adjustment pressure on the capital.
An increase of 6 bps to 1.47% in the three quarters prior to the rollover (a significant increase of 14 bps in the first half of the year) is achieved, with the bottom up. From a simple split of the spread, the return on the loan is higher (53 bps above the overall level of the four rows) and the end-of-asset rate is actually available.
A certain advantage (20bps above the overall level of the four major lines) and due to the relatively low ratio of loans (52.9% vs IV row 58.7%), the trend towards an increase in future lending ratios provides further scope for their asset end-of-end rate of return. The weaker interest spreads are mainly due to the burden of indebtedness, which has a relatively high interest rate for the first half of the year.
+The share of joint stock statements is relatively high (about 10 per cent in the top four lines of 19.7 per cent vs), while under the new regulations, the impact of high transaction costs structural deposit schedules is greater, and the impact of these end-of-the-life shocks is expected to improve over 19 years, with the end-of-the-life liabilities continuing to benefit from a lower rate of inter-operability interest. 1) The share of inter-occupational liabilities plus inter-operability statements is relatively high, with co-operative benefits.
The downside can significantly reduce the combined cost of the liability end of the year. A 19.7 per cent share of the inter-operability liability plus the joint inventory at the end of September, 8 pc or more above the four major lines, fully benefiting from the fast downside of the inter-operability interest rate (q3 joint liability cost rate of 3.15 per cent, and therefore more than 200 billion even if the interest rate of the new loan fell slightly every year).
The negative impact on the cost of the liability will be gradually absorbed by the negative impact of structural deposits on the cost of the liability.
An important reason for upgrading 42bps is that under the new regulations, large amounts of structured deposits are released in lieu of financial security to prevent the loss of customers (only $617.5 billion remained in pure off-the-shelf finance at the end of June, and about $1 trillion in products are expected to arrive in the first half of the year, or nearly 20 per cent of the total deposits are made at high cost structural savings or savings) and in the first half of the year.
Higher prices, mostly between 3.6 and 4 per cent, raise the overall cost. But with the downside of joint interest rates in the second half of the year, one aspect of structural deposit costs is declining as market interest rates fall, and the other side can be replaced by low-cost inter-banking, peer liability, and the impact of structural deposits on deposit costs in 19 years is expected to be gradual.
1) There is room for an increase in the ratio of loans to retail loans: Hand-in loans represent a lower share of the average daily balance of interest-bearing assets, with only 52.9 per cent at the end of June, the lowest in the State sector (58.7 per cent on average in the four main lines), where retail loans account for only 31.7 per cent of the total, and the lowest in the State sector, where the average level of 37.4 per cent on the four main lines remains relatively high.
Credit resources have also been heavily skewed towards retail (new retail loans in the first half of the year accounted for 73 per cent of the credit disbursed, well above the four major lines) after 16 years of shifting the focus on expanding sizes. 2) Loans have a relatively high rate of return on public loans relative to other interest-bearing assets, retail loans, and have been flexible: 18 years.
In the first half of the year, the rate of return on loans was 4.81 per cent and the rate of return on other interest-bearing assets was 1.82 pc, the highest rate of return on State-owned assets, which meant that the ratio of loans to interest-bearing assets rose by 1 per cent per year, while the rate of return on interest-bearing assets could rise by 1.82 bps, with the greatest elasticity in State-owned businesses.
5.43 per cent higher than the interest rate on public loans of 0.93pc, which is well above the four major lines, means that retail loans represent a 1 per cent increase in each loan, that the overall rate of return on loans can be increased by 0.93bps and that the elasticity is also the largest in the large State-owned sector.
The ratio of deposits to total liabilities is much higher. The deposit ratio is 65.6% at the end of September, and has been rising steadily for 16 years, but it is still about 14 pc below the total of the state-owned majors, and there is much room for improvement.
Debt cost management, 18 years after the creation of a dedicated secondary department to manage the cost of liabilities, with a large number of deposit products and strategic innovations, is expected to yield results in 19 years. On the other hand, the increase in credit lending over 19 years will also increase the yield of deposits, and it is expected that the ratio of low-cost deposits will continue to rise in the future, sustaining a continuous improvement in interest differentials.
In the long run, there is little room for marginal upward pressure on deposits in the long triangle than in other regions. Approximately 35% of deposits are from the long triangle, which is much higher than in other countries (about 20%).
Fuller and more competitive financial services are important reasons for the “first-in-the-shelf” cost of deposits in the last few years of interest rate marketization. And that is why, in the long run, the long triangles or other regions will take the lead in reaching a stage of “full competition” in which financial services in other regions, such as the central and western regions, begin to penetrate the future.
There is a relatively limited space for further increases in marginal competitive pressure in the long triangle, which facilitates the transition to future savings costs, and the steady rise in the ratio of deposits over the past 16 years. In terms of profit break-ups, the transition has been driven by a decline in net interest earnings over the past few years.
The negative drag on profit growth for 17 years continues to grow, with the contribution to profit growth falling from 14 years to 14.63 per cent, but the contribution of net interest income to profit growth remains only 4.14 per cent as a result of the slowdown in scale, and the effect of the difference increase is not fully reflected. From the point of view of roe breakdown, the main reason for the relatively low turnover of roe is the low roa.
The main drag factor (less than 0.27 pc in four rows) is the negative net income of interest, which drags down roa 0.61 pc. With the increase in size + the difference in interest, the elasticity of performance is greater. We do static measurements based on 18q3 data.
Increases 1.2pc, and increases in size by 1pc lead to a 1.7pc increase in net profit. Assuming interest differential increases by 1bp and interest-bearing assets by 4.53 per cent on a year-on-year basis (figure rough).
4.1 Ten years have passed since the beginning of the decade, when a unique “general wealth management system” was built. The Bank of Transport formally launched its strategic vision of “building the best wealth management bank in China” in 2007, and in 2013 it further clarified its branding strategy, which has lasted more than 10 years.
As a result, a structured wealth-management banking strategy, management, and management system has been put in place, with strong corporate synergies, in conjunction with the "Friday Redest" campaign, the launch of Waldegaly, the cashier's special property, and the introduction of a pay-as-you-go package for wage-earning clients. The balance of financial management, both internal and external, exceeds $1 trillion, the size of assets held in trust exceeds $4 trillion, and the position of the largest pension trustee bank has been further strengthened.
(a) The system is fully operational, with the establishment of a leading business information processing system in the country;
The first mobile credit card in the industry opened up the credit card second-class service experience with the introduction of the Quantified Financial Services Assessment System and the Smart Products Reference System, the creation of the “Ward Financial Advisor” for mobile banking, the creation of the Smart Products Reference System, the creation of a unique “wide wealth management” model, and the formation of a mature organizational framework, products, business systems.
Most banks focus their wealth management mainly on the retail sector, where the cross-cutting financial services operate under the concept of “integrated wealth management”, creating a parent-brand + business subbrand system for public, retail and peer clients, involving four modules, “breathing wealth” for public business, “Word wealth” for retail business and “business wealth” for business.
The platform, whose international operations are “consortized wealth”, targets customers of companies, retail customers, financial institutions and foreign exchange, and figure 31: The cross-cutting “general wealth management” model, which forms a mature organizational framework, products, business systems The entire “general wealth management” business framework can be understood in four main clusters:
1) The four levels of Corporate Business, Gold, Financial Institutions, and International Operations formulate marketing and service programmes directly to their respective clients. The core of the business model is the ability to receive customers and live customers. On this basis, and for strategic clients (e.g., investment clients, business strategic clients), there is a separate level II division to make a difference.
The line of business focuses on building its own core competitiveness. Most of the line of business departments are business ministries, sub-firms, or para-professionals, which motivate the business sector to become more competitive through self-accounting, independent appraisal, and independent recruitment of talent.
The Card Centre, the Financial Market Operations Centre, the Asset Management Operations Centre, the Precious Metals Operations Centre and the Billing Operations Centre have developed their core competitiveness and have become more profitable (the profit growth has been ahead of the corporate level, with a profit contribution of more than one third to the company), with a significant increase of 12.74 per cent in the previous three quarters.
3) Independent subsidiaries: Full financial licence plates, integrated business base. Handing over financial licence plates, holding subsidiaries covering funds, leases, insurance, futures, trusts, securities, financial management, and more integrated business.
In May 18, the “new 531” project was officially launched (it will gradually increase its input to 10 per cent of operating expenses), using the “1+2+5+n” as the overall framework 2, to integrate group resources through technological empowerment in order to break the division between sectors and lines and to provide integrated services.
Within this framework of sector-wide coordination, cross-fertilization of resources can, on the one hand, create standardized service products, and, on the other hand, combine resources more specifically to provide customized financial solutions for different clients. Currently, cross-fertilization has created a full range of product lines for various clients, including Ward’s wealth, credit cards, etc.
In 10 years of wealth management business development and accumulation, large shareholders’ HSBC banks played an indelible role. In 2004, they were fully integrated into the stock exchange, reaching a one-time ceiling on shareholding (19.9%).
There are major banks with the highest shareholdings (9 per cent of the second-highest US bank-in-equity build-up) and the strongest support, i.e., in the financial crisis of 08, when foreign parent companies faced an increased financial burden and had to withdraw their capital in large numbers, the HSBC bank had never lost its shareholding, and it was actively involved in the portfolio in 2010 as a sign of its confidence in the development of the turn-on.
HSBC's rich experience in wealth management has provided important support for the development of cross-border operations, including: a. a well-developed global network system. The company has 178 local networks (with the largest number of foreign banks), with more than 6900 branches globally, and a combination of approximately 3,300 local + global links has created a “local + global” combination of channels.
(b) Experience in middle- and high-end customer management. Retailing business experience. HSBC retail and wealth management services. Nearly 37 million retail customers, experienced in mid- and high-end customer services, and in-depth cooperation helped to deepen the inventory of customer value.c. In addition, the Pacific Credit Card Centre, which was established in collaboration with the two parties, has been a major success in the country and is a cross-section.
The cooperation between the two sides in the areas of international business, public business, hosting, etc. is also deepening. 4.2. Formal opening of retail business space for the past 10 years has led to a mature business system, with the support of HSBC.
Built a good foundation for wealth management operations. But 13 years ago, in terms of both asset handling and performance contributions, the public end remained at the core of the cross-cutting business (the ratio of assets to profits in retail business was only around 10 per cent). 13 years, it further clarified the brand and strategy of the wealth management bank and began to focus gradually on retailing.
In terms of inputs, the share of capital expenditure on retailing increased from 46% in 12 years to management changes in the first half of 18 years, making it more clear that expanding retailing was the focus of the transition. The transition to trade retailing has had a clear effect.
Retail operations as a share of revenue and profits rose from 28.4 per cent in 12 years to 11.9 per cent in the first half of 18 years. The development of the wealth management plus credit card business led to stable intermediate income for companies. The net revenue from fees and commissions was 20.79 per cent in the first half of 18 years, of which 36.3 per cent were for wealth management and banks.
Card fees account for 40.9% of the revenue, all of which are the highest in the state sector. In the past few years, the net revenue from hand-over fees and commissions has continued to outpace the remaining four major lines, and even with the negative growth in bank charges in most of the industry in 17 years, companies have been able to sustain positive growth and become more procyclical.
Figure 35: The contribution of retail trade performance has been increasing over the past 13 years Figure 37: The share of net revenue from hand-over fees and commissions is the highest in the State-owned sector Figure 38: Lead State-owned firms with the rate of increase in hand-over fees and net revenue from commissions
Behind the increase in the share of retail transition performance, turnover has achieved good results in various operations, with initial advantages, as evidenced by: 1) credit card business has become a visible business card; 2) retailing customer size and layered operations have become systematic, providing deep-exploitation space for wealth management; 3) serving under traditional lines
Strengths, extended to "online + under" double-wire. We will elaborate on the three main business advantages. 5. Three business advantages: credit cards, customer systems, channels 5.1. Credit card operations: hand over a bright business card.
After 13 years of strategic transition, companies have increased their investment in credit card operations. On the one hand, credit resources continue to go to credit cards, and on the other hand, companies have been very aggressive in marketing and promoting high-quality branding activities such as “Friday the Redest” that attract a great deal of excellence.
Qualitative clients (the number of cards in the last five years has doubled, the number of live cards has doubled). Institutional advantages have stimulated business dynamism. Inter-operation has been a precursor to institutional reform, with no exception for credit card operations.
In the middle of the line, only a credit card is issued as a department of business management. In November 2012, it was upgraded to become a department-level, provincial branch of ownership. (i.e., credit card centre headquarters + 55 branches are licensed, and the current line-up of a single enterprise has been instrumental in stimulating credit card activity, as evidenced by: 1) greater independence in the organizational framework, such as the letter.
The card centre has its own marketing department, customer department, risk management department, targeted client marketing strategy, wind control strategy, etc.; 2) `marketing' operations are conducive to motivation, business innovation, efficiency and profitability (credit card centres contributed more than one sixth of the total operating profits in the 18th quarter and non-interest revenue medals).
5.1.2. The technology layout is at the forefront of the industry, creating a core advantage. 1) The advantage of onlineization is evident. 2 years after its creation, its “buy the bill” app has grown rapidly, with more than 53 million customers tied to cards, more than 24.8 million live monthly clients, and the second largest number of co-workers (app’s specific advantages will be detailed later).
2) The first cell phone credit card in the business is a second-class service leader. The credit card business is now becoming weaker and the account-based vehicle (the primary cell phone in the moment) is becoming more important. This requires a lot of technical support, and 17 years of transition has been the first to achieve a second batch and a second, with a direct sale of pda, the quickest two seconds to open a card and tie a purchase order after a live audit.
In addition to the fact that the "second batch" currently accounts for more than 40% of direct sales, the client experience has increased considerably. The "video-face signing" of the new business has also been piloted on a small scale, and, at the practical level, the client's experience and safety are better (for more than six months, no one has been found to be overdue and the risks are significantly lower than those of other channels).
Basic maturity, waiting for regulatory liberalization to be extended, and greater scope for the future. 3) There is a commitment to promoting the application of artificial intelligence in industrialization. The technology is now mostly mature, but few applications are available to tens of millions of users at the same time, and efforts are being made to promote “a massive application of artificial intelligence industrialization” as in 18 years.
The industry's first passenger robots, both technologically and efficiently, are at the forefront of the industry, with an average capacity of 500 per day, with a 35 per cent problem resolution rate and a 13 per cent diversion rate. The transition is now initially based on intelligence, operation, smart marketing, smart wind control, etc., and has a large user database plus a high-quality basis of calculations.
On top, further breakthroughs will be sought in the future from an arithmetical point of view to create a core competitive advantage. 5.1.3. Credit card indicators perform brightly, and their advantages continue to grow.
A total of 70.9 million cards, with a consumption of 2.3 trillion yuan in the previous three quarters, have more than doubled over 13 years, making it to the third and second place in the industry. 2) Client quality is high. The live card rate has remained stable at about 60% for five years, with only 1.1 cards (i.e. most customers hold only one credit card) and a 0.14 pc drop in customer number in 18 years.
At the same time, consumption, revenue collection, and market share are higher than 0.30 pc at the beginning of the year, and customer quality continues to improve; 3) profitability is high. In the last three quarters, operating income amounted to 39.5 billion yuan, with a total of 19.3 billion (communities ranked third, with a 9.1% share), accounting for nearly one sixth of the total industry, a 25% increase. 4) The poor quality of assets at the end of September was only 1.44%.
5.2. Client system: stratum-based customer operations are institutionalized, deep-seated customer values. The initial stages of corporate wealth management have begun to implement client-level strategies, and over a decade has begun to bear fruit. By the end of September, the total number of retail clients of companies had reached 110 million (about 10 million fewer than the total), of which the root was found.
According to the size of the management assets: more than 6 million clients are private-sector clients, about 40,000 households, 0.04% of the retail customers in the trade, and aum is $52 billion.
(b) More than 500,000 to 6 million clients are “Wad clients”, with a total of 1.12 per cent of the total, managed by a division of behaviour, using a one-to-one model:
More than 30,000 clients are “substantiated financial clients” and 8.33 million (8.03 per cent of clients) are serviced mainly on a coordinated human resource basis; 40,000 clients are under 50,000, mainly on-line centres.
The number of retail clients at the end of September has reached 110 million, with a well-established client base. Ward clients and private clients are priority development clients, and after more than 10 years of rapid growth (with an annual growth rate of over 15% in 12-16 years), the number of customers is already at the beginning of the day, both of which account for the total number of retail customers.
Of the total, 1.16% are less likely to be recruited in comparable banks (about 2%). Ward clients are about 40 years old, 70% open for more than five years, more stable, and better brand recognition.
On the basis of 100 million households, the growth rate of all types of clients is slowing down and entering a “maturity period”, and its client operations are moving from a “quantitative” to a “quality” model, and will be further committed to exploiting the value of the stock in the future. The company’s current average per capita aium is 27,000 yuan, and is ranked among the listed banks that disclose the data, taking into account its large customer base, aum per capita
Figure 48: Turn-over client growth into a “mature stabilization period” 5.3. Channel: leads from underline service to below-line dual-line power.
5.3.1. The traditional offline network has established a service advantage as a large State-owned bank with a network advantage. The coverage is wide, with 239 local municipalities covered by the intersection at the end of June, with a coverage of 71.56 per cent, 3259 sites, 23,000 atms, and the fifth largest bank in the list, one.
There is already a leading capacity for offline services, and the network has a strong capacity to generate income. The business is mainly economically developed, and the eastern region, where financial services are adequate (54.5% of the revenue comes from the East, China and South China) has been able to train and obtain excellent underline services over the years in intense competition.
The network's ability to deliver services is also reflected in its high income-generating capacity, with the network generating 1,088,000 retail revenues in the first half of 18 years, with the highest number of State-owned businesses.
The current focus is on building online channels to achieve “two-line power” that the Group currently attaches great importance to building “line-up” platforms. In recent years, cross-line upgrading has been brought to the higher strategic level, and efforts have been made to extend the advantages of traditional underline services to the line and “two-line power” to enhance the competitiveness of retail operations.
In 14 years, the Internet Financial Operations Centre was set up on the basis of the former Department of Electronic Banking, operating under the direct business system and under the direct responsibility of Mr. Xu Xian, Director General of Retail Operations, who has a very strategic position in the entire retail business section.
Cellular banks are set to provide “online banking services” such as search, transfer, fund, securities, foreign exchange, finance, etc., at the core of which is to move offline client resources online, and the key is to improve service efficiency. As a result, mobile banks have applied in recent years.
This is reflected in: 1) the size of the number of subscribers: the number of subscribers to mobile bank applications was over 71 million at the end of September, and the volume of transactions on the first half of the year reached 5.23 trillion, an increase of 35.5 per cent. 2) Active clients: the number of active users of mobile bankers was 1.48 million on May 18, a 60 per cent increase on the same date, the fastest growing rate in all types of bank applications. 3)
Household structure: Middle- and high-end consumers account for a relatively high proportion of consumers, which is close to 44%, followed only by Poupau Bank. “ Buy a bill” is located on consumer Internet platforms, working to create a “cross-border network effect.” Unlike mobile bankers, p.p., buy a bill focused on permeating the client’s life scene (online consumption, catering, etc.), nuclear
The idea is to form a “cross-frontal network effect”, that is, to develop high activity, high sticky c-end and b-end users, where both end users have access to each other to create externality, where the demand of both end users is to grow in “positive feedback”, to form a closed Circumpolar circle, and for most Internet platforms, to create a “cross-front network effect” based on the premise that both end active users need to meet the needs of both end active users.
To a certain threshold, it is often necessary to spend a large amount of subsidies on both ends of the c and b in the pre-development process. It is in this process that numerous platforms have fallen in the midst of intense competition. But the “natural advantage” of the transition lies in the traditional financial sector, where 53 million card-bond users, 71 million cellular bankers have been deposited and used.
Households have a “hard demand” for financial scenes such as checking accounts, transfers, payments, etc. The process of transferring users from need scenes to life scenes using hand-in-hand bar apps is actually the development of a “just need-to-life scenario” development model, which is driven by demand-driven traffic, and which is used to increase household activity and frequency of use.
The core of this layout requires large-scale, sticky, highly active customers, which is based on the rapid spread of credit card operations, and the “buy on the bill” has formed this condition. 1) Clients are huge: they've been chained to them for two years.
More than 53 million households, with 24.8 million live monthly customers, have maintained their presence at around 4 per cent in the same category of apps, and the industry ranks second, with a clear advantage over the third. 2) Clients are highly sticky: based on monitoring data from the third-party platform, "Illiful sails", customers who pay for bar apps have a monthly retention rate of up to 60 per cent, far higher than their counterparts, and the customer is extremely sticky. 3)
High user activity: 3.3 days per person per month, followed only by recruitment, Pufa, and better client activity. The number of front-end b business households has reached 50,000, and the online financial consumption biosphere is gradually forming.
There is a certain disadvantage in receiving and living visitors, and therefore the future trend toward Internetization and onlineization is irreversible. A forward-looking layout in this area has yielded good results, and a “two-line” layout in the future will become a cutting edge for a breakthrough in retail sales.
In summary, the Bank of Transport has improved its performance on a quarterly basis over 18 years, driven by an increase in interest differentials. Moreover, there is a continuing trend of improvement in the quality of corporate assets, with a significant increase in the ratio of poor/over-90-day loans by 21pc to 110%, a one-time gap that has been poorly identified, and a steady increase in the coverage of the provision to 171%, with asset quality indicators corresponding to the four major branches of the State.
In 19 years, the interest differentials are expected to continue to rise, and profit growth is expected to continue at a higher rate than in 19 years, given the continuous release of lower-end dividends from the interest rate and the optimal asset-liability structure. In 19 years, the interest-rate differentials have increased by 2 bps, with credit costs remaining at 0.73 per cent. The current 19pb turn-over is only 0.63 x, below the average of around 0.7 x in four major lines.
(a) The intersection is roughly the same as the four main lines and is more robust and robust than the 14-year period (low historical valuations); considering their future elasticity from the point of view of investment returns, Roe is expected to hit a bottom up in 19 years, and is covered by the 19-year Red Ratio 1) with more clients or affected by the economic landscape of the company ' s medium- and large-sized enterprises;
The company, as a major state-owned company, unlike small and medium-sized one, has a client structure that is dominated by large and medium-sized state firms. If the future economic climate falls sharply, it will directly affect the client’s credit demand and solvency, and thus the firm’s financial regulation at the operational level is over-intensity, which may have a negative impact on market sentiment and lead to a shift in investment style;
Over the past 17 years, regulatory policies have become frequent and have had some impact on the structure of assets and liabilities, both inside and outside the bank accounts. If financial regulation is not more robust than expected, or the pessimism that exacerbates the pressure of the market on the banking sector has led to investment style 3) interest rate fluctuations that are more predictable or raise the cost of indebtedness, with a negative impact on interest differentials;
The banking sector earns profits mainly through net interest earnings, which account for about 60% of the revenue. The cost of liabilities is associated with interest rate markets, with a negative impact on interest differentials if interest rate market fluctuations are higher than expected or directly higher.
In the event of a macroeconomic downturn and a significant decline in the profitability of the enterprise, the quality of the assets will deteriorate and may seriously delay the banking sector.