Merchant Bank (600036.sh): Scale up, ring up, year-round net profit up and back-up: 14 January, Business Bank published a 2024 performance report, which achieved a year-round net return to the mother.
Founded in 1987 at the top of China's reform and opening up, the Bank of Merchants was 337.54 million lubricant and 148.39 million lubricant, i.e. 0.5 per cent and +1.2 per cent respectively, and the Roe was 15.1 per cent, i.e., along the Shenzhen Snake Pass, the first enterprise in China.
Reduction of 1.7 pct; end-of-year negative rate of 0.95 per cent, ring ratio of 1 bp, provision of 411.98 per cent coverage, ring of shares held by legal persons, commercial bank, and the State ' s external decline of 20.2 pct.
In the 35 years since it was established, the Bank of Merchants has been listed in Hong Kong, with commercial banks, financial leases, fund management, life insurance, offshore investment banks, and other banks.
Bank groups with financial licence plates such as consumer finance, finance subsidiaries, and other non-interest income improvements, driven by a higher scale of growth, have experienced a narrow year-on-year decline. The 2024 campaign has a strong global development character and significant market impact.
Commercial bank revenues equal to -0.5%, with a reduction of the ring by 2.4pc over the previous three quarters. Of these, (1) net interest charges are either slashed or slowed below net interest differentials as the cost of the liabilities improves faster. (2) Other non-interest income ratios are good, the heat of the transaction is significantly higher, or promote the scale of sales of products such as funds, finance, etc.
After one year of implementation, the base is gradually falling, and it is expected that the revenue from large wealth management fees will be good assets, and that the net profit from the provision of anti-breathing will return to normal. At the end of the year, the rate of non-performing loans from the merchant banks will be 0.95%, which is equal and the ring will rise slightly by 1 bp. With stable asset quality, credit costs are expected to decrease steadily, and a provision will be made.
Continuing the anti-breeding profits with a year-on-year net profit ratio of +1.2 per cent and an improvement of 1.8 pct over the previous three quarters. Quick increase in asset size and expected increase in non-credit assets; increase in deposits to double digits; indebtedness.
Retail lending is expected to warm up. Total assets are projected to increase by 1 pct over +10.2 per cent. The projected non-trust rate is higher, and the expected increase in call-in deposits is better than in comparable national equity companies (higher pressure is placed on deposits than their counterparts in the context of 24 years of consolidation of manual interest, increased demobilisation of deposits); it reflects a strong recruitment of customers.
(a) Basic and integrated service capabilities. Investment proposals: Basic marginal improvements are time-limited, robustly high dividends allocation is of high value. (1) From the fundamentals, retailing is expected to stabilize as policies such as consumption promotion, domestic demand expansion, and building stability move forward.
Retail lending has the potential to continue to improve the structure of public business in recent years, and is expected to follow the recovery of the economy. The advantages of attracting wealth management operations are strong, and as base effects subside and capital markets warm, it is expected that revenue management will grow resiliently.
It is hoped that there will be sustained improvement: retail risk pressures are expected to slow down with the recovery and the overall asset quality is expected to be robust. In summary, the company’s basic marginality can be improved over time, and is expected to benefit from the recovery as a typical pro-cyclical indicator.
Leading by peers; strong internal capital retention capacity, high capital adequacy and long-term stability. 23 and robustly high dividends allocation value. Maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
Figure 2: Merchant Bank 4q24 revenue, net profit of the same year + 7.6%, + 7.6% Source of financial and intellectual excellence in the East
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Employer.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Inc., Inc. (600036.sh): Increase in scale speed loops, return year-round net profit growth - fast-track evaluation of performance in 2024
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.