The cost of deposits continues to be favourable.
The net profit increase ratio of 2024q4 increased. In 2024, the merchant bank realized business income of $337,488 million, a decrease of 0.48 per cent in the same year, of which 2024q4 increased at a rate of 7.53 per cent, the average gross asset return (roaaa) belonging to the bank ' s shareholders and the flat amount attributed to the bank ' s ordinary shareholders.
The average net asset rate of return (roae) was 1.28 per cent and 14.49 per cent, respectively, a decline of 0.11 per cent and 1.73 proxies, respectively. The split-up structure resulted in interest collections of $374,271 million by merchant banks in 2024, a decrease of 0.36 per cent in the same year, mainly due to a decrease in interest-bearing asset returns.
Commission revenue of $720.94 billion, a decline of 14.28 per cent in the same year, increased by 44.84 per cent in the same year due to both the increase in the scale of sales and the better structure of the product; the cost of deposits continued to be optimized by the impact of insurance deductions. In 2024, the net interest differential for the hiring bank was 1.98 per cent, a decrease of 17 bases in the same year.
Point: The net interest rate of 2024q4 is 1.94% and the ring is down by three basis points.
With lower interest rates on deposits, strict restrictions on high-interest deposits, such as manual interest collection, and continued corporate push for the growth of low-cost core deposits, the fourth quarter cost ring continued to fall by 14 basis points to 1.40 per cent, with a positive effect on net interest rates.
There is still some pressure on the quality of retail loan assets. At the end of 2024, a percentage point in the balance of non-performing loans was raised by retail loans by 0.07 percentage points over the same period, retail loans such as credit card loans by percentage points, and risk offset capacity remained high in the industry.
The risk of weak demand for credit and pressure on the quality of bank assets as a result of output recovery is not as high as expected; the risk of lower market interest rates leading to lower yields on banks’ assets and continued pressure on net differences. “positive” investors are considered suitable only for research with a risk level not higher than “medium and high” risk, and “radical” investors are considered to be suitable for our division’s categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.