In return, the overall quality of the assets was robust: on March 25, the Bank of Merchants published its annual report for 2024, which achieved a year-round recovery and net return of profits.
Along - Shenzhen Snake, the first enterprise in China to fall by 1.73 pct; a negative rate of 0.95 per cent, a slight increase of 1 bp ring, a reduced coverage of 411.98 per cent ring ratio, a corporate share-holding commercial bank and an outside-of-the-system State commercial bank
The first pilot bank to promote banking reform. In the 35 years since it was established, the commercial banks have been listed in Hong Kong, with commercial bank accounts, and the net profits have been reduced by a narrow margin. In terms of revenue collection: in 2024, the commercial banks received 3,374.9
Bank accounts, financial leases, fund management, life insurance, offshore investments, billions of dollars, a small decrease of 0.5 per cent over the previous three quarters, a decrease of 2.4 per cent over the previous quarter, and a four-quarter increase of +7.5 per cent over the same period.
Specifically, the main contribution is a steady increase in volume and other high non-interest rates. (1) Net interest income is the same as in the previous year - 1.6 per cent, with a strong global development profile and significant market impact.
The Division has increased its lending, bond allocation, and interest-bearing assets at a faster rate; at the same time, interest-bearing income as a percentage of revenue collected on a continuing basis amounted to 37.4 per cent of the cost of the liability, with an increase of 0.7 per cent. Of this amount, net fee income was 34 per cent per year, mainly in the fourth quarter of last year.
Compared to +1.2%, an improvement of 1.8 pct over the previous three quarters.
Investment in priority areas such as manufacturing, technology, green, inclusive, etc., increased faster than average loan growth. (2) Retail loans increased by +6% over the year, and fourth-quarter round by + 2% over the quarter, accounting for 55% of new loans in the fourth quarter. Of this, mortgages increased by +2.3% over the same period.
The demand for credit card loans has increased at a low rate, compared to the average of current deposits, and is expected to benefit mainly from four quarters of the boom in capital markets and a better deposit structure.
In the context of prices, interest rates on new loans continued to fall, and interest rates on stock mortgages were adjusted, the downward pressure on the rate of return on loans remained high. (2) The interest-bearing liability ratio dropped by 14 bp to 1.5%; of this, the interest-bearing ratio was suspended with the deposit.
The interest rate dividend continues to be released, the demand deposit ratio rises, and the cost of the deposit ring drops by 14 bp to 1.4 per cent; under the peer deposit self-regulation mechanism, the cost of the peer liability also falls by 17 bp to 1.87 per cent.
1 bp. In 2024, the negative production rate was 1.05%, an increase of 2 bp, an increase of 3 bp over the same year. The breakdown is: (1) for public: a double drop in bad real estate.
The negative rate is 1.01%, and the ring drops by 4bp. Of this, the real estate industry is at a negative rate of 4.74%, the ring drops.
In terms of forward-looking indicators, the rate of concern, the rate of delay, has risen by 8 bp, and the rate, by 2 bp to 0.48%. Refinancing is common in the retail sector, mainly due to increased pressure on employment income in recent years, loss of repayment capacity, and falling housing prices.
Follow-up trends are yet to be seen in the housing price freeze and the population’s balance sheet repair process. On the provision side, the year-end provision shows that, as policies such as consumption promotion, domestic demand expansion and building stability move forward, retailing is expected to stabilize, and retail lending has the potential to deliver; and it is expected that the public business will continue to be better structured in recent years and will follow the recovery.
The net income gap is still under narrow pressure, but it is expected that the cost of the debt will improve, decrease, or shrink further over 24 years. The advantages of attracting wealth management operations will be strong, and it is expected that there will be a resilient growth in wealth management as base effects subside and capital markets warm.
Improved; retail risk pressures are expected to slow down with economic recovery, and the overall asset quality is expected to remain robust. In summary, corporate fundamental margins can be improved over time, and, as a typical pro-cyclical indicator, are expected to benefit from economic recovery.
Domestic capital has a strong retention capacity, with high capital adequacy and long-term stability. Company shares were valued in 2024 by a factor of three pb. Watching recruitment benefits from economic recovery, improved fundamental margins, and robustly high-valued dividends.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the Business Exchange Bank (600036.sh): the rate of increase in profits and the overall sound quality of the assets - the year 2024.
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Employer.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Inc. (600036.sh): The profits are rising at a positive rate and the overall quality of the assets is robust -- 2024 Annual Report.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.