On April 27, 2025, the Cedars published the 2024 annual report and the 2025 quarter of Sunss@cfsc.com.cn
▪ Strong growth in performance, better performance in sales return, better performance in terms of expectations, and a strong increase in income profit. Total revenue/net return in 2024 increased significantly in comparison with the year in which q1 sales return performed well. Net cash flow from operations in 2024
/Sales refunds of $19,182,403 million, respectively, increase in profitability of new and emerging channels, increase in sales of medium- and high-quality liquor, by product, mid-2024.
The price is 2, and the price is 2, and the price is 5000568.
According to the channels, in 2024, the traditional/emerging channels received different revenues than expected, and the tax-deficit ratio was stagnated. Highland markets such as Kyoto grew rapidly, and opportunities markets such as China, China and South China continued to break down.
The “buy-in” investment rating is maintained. The macroeconomic downside risk, the size of the cellar is not as high as expected, and the size of the special 60 is not as high as expected.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into the wine, is a sub-high-end white wine and soft drinks plate, and it's a tasting, fast-frozen, and a real-estate wine plate in addition to an insignia.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.