2024 and 2025: sound business, red-handedly highlighting long-term values, solid years, rapid accumulation of corporate assets in clearing bottle openings and member data, core monolithics.
The open-air rate has reached nearly 30%, and consumer scene construction and channel full-link management have been more responsive. For each product, in 12024, high-end alcohol revenues were equal to +2.8%, volume/prices were lower than they were, and the old-word features and silo-age earnings were lower than they were.
Compared to +7.2%, the volume/prices were equal to +3.5%, +3.5%, and the light bottle headlines were digested through the pre-period inventory, and continued to be closed after the billing in October to allow channels to ease the pressure and better consolidate the price system. 24fy earnings met expectations and sales rates contracted significantly.
The contract liability of $3.98 billion, an increase of $1.31 billion over the previous year, increased by the same year as the annual collection and collection of pre-receipts, with a corresponding decrease of 0.4 per cent and 2.5 per cent for medium- and other liquor and a 9.5 per cent increase in the cost of other ton, respectively, related to the conversion of smart packaging centres.
In the context of digitalization, corporate marketing-cum-cost controls have become more stringent, with costs on the end of the line falling by 11.0% and 0.3% respectively.
It is also more accurate; the improvement in the management rate is the result of a fall in the share incentive amortization cost. 3 All-year tax.
251 has a robust start, and the culture of the main cost area remains active. 1) End of revenue: 2501 received the same year + 1.8%, with estimates of headlines growing faster than the same year, a slight increase in the size of the cellar, the 60th year of the special, the age of the guest, the old word and the same period of stress.
The use of marketing tools such as wine and wine blending and ac/bc connection has gradually improved, the spring 2025 companies Huabei and Sichuan are still active in opening bottles, and Operation Spring Thunder has been taking over the terminal and vip clients since March, further promoting the downfall of the channel and single-point upgrading.
The company ' s entire product is not digested in a timely manner in order to provide a basis for paying back and selling during the luncheon season and to ensure that it is orderly.) At present: at the end of 25q1, the company ' s contractual liability increased by 530 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of a slight drop in product structure and an increase in the use of red packages.2 Management (including R & D) rates
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies based on healthy and sustainable development, short-term downs and without hiding their potential.
The three major financial forecasting tables of the Panzhou Sanctuary have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.