Xiangzhou old cellar (000568.sz) A smooth start in the first quarter of 2025: the company failed to achieve the same growth in business income proposed at the beginning of 2024.
The product structure continues to be stable: sub-products, which in 2024 generated 27.6 billion yuan in high-end alcohol in companies, compared with the previous factoring in sales costs to a reduction in sales income. Other alcohol generated 3.5 billion yuan, the same ratio.
+7.2% share brands, the cellar brands are solid at 20 billion yuan, the old cellar brands in Xiangzhou are outnumbered by 10 billion, and future sculpturing products in Xiangzhou are expected to accelerate their development, driven by the influence of the sculptor brands. To boost sales performance with real consumer demand: in marketing, companies accelerated their smart marketing in 2024.
The marketing effort in 2025 focused on a massive expansion, opening of bottles, project points, and the implementation of a number of smart market management, improved profit lines, and better branding.
On the whole, we believe that in 2025 the company aims to achieve a sales performance driven by the demand of real consumers by doing fine market work. The interest rate is equal to 0.8 pct, the cost of sales is equal to 1.8 pc, the change in the cost of sales is a red one.
The amount of the dividends corresponds to the current market value of 4.7 per cent. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, taking into account the fact that the market position of the company remains attractive and that the dividends are attractive.
This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.