In 25 years, we've made a steady transition to the Southwest Securities Institute, building confidence in the distribution plan.
In 2024, against the background of external demand pressure, the billion camps, the 60th edition of the special, the headlines and other monoliths grew faster, and market coverage and penetration expanded further.
The siltage and old-word features are under pressure; other wines earn 3.47 billion yuan, or 7.2 per cent, of which sales are equal to +3.5 per cent, and ton prices are equal to + 3.5 per cent, mainly the headlines, the black cap growth contribution. 3. Sub-channels, the structure of the product, influence the level of profitability, and the cash flow is slightly pressurized in the inventory cycle.
The sales cost rate fell by 1.8 percentage points to 11.3 per cent over the same period, with a 0.2 percentage point decrease in the management cost rate, a 0.4 percentage point increase in the sales cost rate of 25q1 and a 0.4 percentage point decrease in the management cost rate, with a net interest rate that boosted confidence and sustained robust growth.
The company’s management has taken the initiative to continuously improve the “five yards one” system, effectively seizing market shares by raising the profile of the game, channels, profits, brands, channels and consumer fundamentals.2 The company’s annual business goal is to achieve a steady increase in operating income throughout the year; looking ahead, the country’s cellar is one of the three high-end white wines.
With the recovery of macroeconomic and consumer confidence, firms continue to grow robustly over time, 13 times, 12 times, 11 times, respectively. The cellar is one of the three high-end wines, steady growth, pressure, and distance from light-loading (2024-11-03).
(b) Other types of wine include, among others, the headlines and the black caps, the preponderant price of the headlines, the black-posted high light bottle track, the future.
We expect to achieve sustained growth: other alcohol sales are expected to increase at 3%, 3%, 3%, and ton unit prices in 2025-2027, respectively. For comparable companies, we use the white industry as a front line for wine, five grains, and Shanxi wine as a comparable company.
Companies are expanding steadily in the well-established and emerging mid-sized markets of South-West, North-East China. Without prospects, and under the leadership of good management, companies are expected to grow robustly and consistently through stock-mining and incremental expansion measures.