In response to the pain of the transition, rationality actively took advantage of the opportunity: the company's recent 2024 Shareholders' Conference, at which it took its own strategic considerations into account.
At the meeting, the chairman and the director-general undertook a thorough analysis of the state of the white wine industry, and 1) the white wine industry increased its price reduction, head businesses increased their concentration and consumption showed up.
The following trends have changed: (a) the shift in consumption perceptions towards a greater focus on emotional resonance and value recognition; (b) the need for consumption to favour individualization, low degree of sophistication, salience and self-fulfilment; and (c) the increased diversity of the consumption landscape, which is expected to lead to a substantial exit from the demand for “policy-making” and a return of white wine from the social attributes of resources to the emotional properties of life;
4 Consumption channels accelerate, and the focus of industry marketing shifts from channel pressure to precision touch and user operations. 2) In the long run, the current restructuring of the industry needs to be viewed in the context of the macro-level transformation of China’s economic structure, along with the transformation of the industrial structure, the pressure of the main consumer population after 70 to 90 years, and the re-establishment of the ai.
Personal learning and competitiveness construction, and white wine as a spiritual consumer, are still in line with future consumption trends. 3) In the short term, white alcohol consumption will shift from public to private, and will be able to build on six advantages and focus on opportunities for change.
In this round of adjustments, the old cellars in Chenzhou will be determined to take advantage of the six main advantages and take advantage of the six main opportunities: one strategic advantage and one market opportunity.
Accompanied by the established strategies of “12345” and “136” and a combination of market fists. 2 High quality, taking advantage of digital opportunities, enhancing the traceability of the entire industry chain, and building a digital system of supply chain management.
Crafts, a “double national treasure” that builds a cultural ip matrix and promotes a wine brigade integration project. 4 makes use of innovation, seizes technological opportunities, and strengthens research and development reserves. 5 makes use of layout advantages, and seizes opportunities to travel to the sea.