The product+channel is two-wheel drive, the king of Africa sails, the dragons out of the sea series, the head of the foreign emerging market smartphone, the product+channel is two-wheel drive.
On the 15th of April 2024, the three major mobile phone brands of tecno, itel, infinix created digital accessories brands oraimo, after-sale service brands of carlcare and home appliances brands of syinix, etc., and created "hands."
The commercial ecological model of Ma Youngzheng + Mobile Internet Services + Household Digital Parts further enriches or will continue the trend towards a warmer global smartphone market, with an expected increase in the share of the sound market.
Intelligence consulting data show that global smartphone exports in 2023 were estimated at 1.11 billion, corresponding to -3.9 per cent, with a narrow to low percentage of revenues, with 23q4 global smartphones reaching about 310 million, an increase of about 6.2 per cent over the same period, with the sea rising for the first time in the last 10 quarters.
Market sales in the out-of-market markets were impressive. According to Canalys, in January 2024, smartphones in five major markets in South-East Asia rose to 7.26 million, compared to +20 per cent, with Indonesia, Philippines, Thailand and other markets growing by 12 per cent, 77 per cent, and 5 per cent, respectively.
The market shares are 50%, compared to 2022 +1 pct, other emerging markets such as the Middle East and Latin America.
By +54%, 110%, benefiting from the rapid growth of overseas emerging markets, in 2023 sound intelligence, mobile phone sales went back to the top five globally. Ai enabling company products continued to upgrade and fold high-end markets for new products, and the company will be able to grow in the future.
According to idc data, China's folding screen market in 2023 grew by 114.5 per cent over the same year by about 707,000, and its first headlines were later launched in the Indian market, followed by Africa and Latin America.
The last year’s stock compares 300 with the deep market. In addition, the Voiceed Tecon rolls out mobile phone aios to further enhance product competitiveness by working with the first triads of Google, UNDG, etc.
End demand recovery is less than expected, industry party disputes are increasing, R & D is less advanced than expected 1 company product matrix is becoming richer, and performance is expected to increase at a high rate by 1.1 diversified business layout and mobile connectivity accelerates user penetration
Software + Hardware + Content co-creates corporate products in all three directions, protects the river, and the company has taken root abroad for many years, deep-ploughing channels, and is moving into high-speed growth. Product: Voicework builds three mobile phone brands: tecno, itel, and infinix.
Creation of digital component brands oraimo, after-sale service brands carlcare and home appliances sign syinix, etc., and autonomous development of smart end-of-pipe operating systems such as hios, itelos and Xos, application shops, game platforms, advertising points around os operating systems
Tools and software such as development platforms and mobile phone butlers. And many of the leading Internet companies in the country, e.g., web access, telecommunications, etc., work together in many areas to develop and incubate mobile Internet products. There are many applications that have been developed autonomously and cooperatively.
More than 10 million active users per month, including African music stream media platform booplay, newspopper, comprehensive content distribution application phoenix, etc.
The model further strengthens the competitive edge of companies. Channels: Voice calls to create multiple manufacturing centers around the world, including China, Ethiopia, India, Bangladesh, etc. Its after-sales service brand carlcare has over 2,000 after-sales service outlets around the world.
(including third-party cooperation points) is one of the major electronic and home-based product service providers in emerging markets. Currently, the Voice Global Marketing Network has reached more than 70 countries and regions, including Nigeria, Kenya, Tanzania, Ethiopia, Egypt.
and, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Indonesia, Philippines, Colombia 1.2 performance has continued to grow at a high rate and profitability has steadily increased
High-speed growth. The company achieved 62,392 million revenues in 2023, i.e. +33.90 per cent; the parent figure is figure 7: R & D costs of sound holding, figure 6: cost during sound holding
Two companies have a solid base of business in Africa and emerging markets have built up new global real gdp growth rates of 3.1 per cent a year, with advanced economies such as the United States, Japan and others slowing down the gdp growth rates of 2.1 per cent, 0.9 per cent, respectively, and new ones such as India and the five ASEAN countries.
The growth of the market countries continued to increase at a high rate of 6.5%, 2.9%, and the trend of global smartphone market sales continued, with emerging markets showing remarkable performance.According to the data of the group of intellectual consultants, there were about 1.11 billion smartphones worldwide in 2023.
A 3.9 per cent decline in the same-year decline to a low-digit percentage, with 23q4 of them worldwide intellectually capable mobiles delivering about 310 million units, an increase of about 6.2 per cent over the same period, and a strong recovery in the last 10 quarters compared to the third quarter of the year, Latin America/Africa/ 2023
In the Middle East, smartphone exports grew by 2 per cent, 6 per cent and 11 per cent, respectively, while in mature markets such as North America, Europe and others, such as low consumer spending and reduced investment in channels, mobile phone sales are under pressure, with sales falling by 9 per cent and 8 per cent, respectively.
In January 2024, smartphones in five major markets in South-East Asia increased to 7.26 million, compared to +20 per cent, with Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand and other markets increasing in volume, respectively, Figure 8: Global smartphones (millions)
Figure 9: In 2023, smartphones from all regions of the world increased at the same rate as before, benefiting from rapid growth in emerging markets abroad, the negative sales of sound smart phones have increased, and the market share has risen steadily. According to idc, sound smartphone sales have reversed.
In the top five of the world, the top five smartphone brands of the world registered an increase in apples and sound sales, compared to 30.8 per cent in 2023, with a market share of 8.1 per cent, yoy+2.1pt. Regionally, the sound spreads in the Middle East, Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean.
In Europe and Europe, smartphone sales grew by 54%, 8%, 110%, 68%, respectively. We believe that sounding Africa’s business is on the rise, and emerging markets such as the Middle East and Latin America are on the verge of rapid growth.
A co-catalyzing terminal innovation, the company is expected to meet the high-end market for the brand-new product of the SMS, with a strong value-for-product advantage. The front-of-the-speech phone, phantomvfold, uses the 9,000-plus processing of the UNDAC.
, marked 12 gblpddr5xram and ufs3.1rom, of which 128gb was sold for $1099 (approximately 7,600 MKK) and 256gb for $1222 (approximately 8,400 MKK). Both screens are supported
With 120hz high-stamped ltpoamoled panel, it's in a state of almost "zero folding." Pantomvfold has five cameras with 50 million pixels in the back, +50 million pixels with 2 times as much focus + 13 million pixels with one on the outer screen.
Thirty-two million pixel cameras, with a 16 million pixel camera on the internal screen, will be the first to be launched in India, followed by Africa and Latin America. We believe that the future one will be able to upgrade the company’s products, and that there will be room for future growth.
Wide. Sounded tecon rolls out cell phone aios, co-operated with third parties like Google, UNRISD, etc., and the i is integrated to a mobile end that can provide the user with a generating ai capability with the full-scale design of the UNDAC 9,300 chip.
Not only can you perform routine tasks such as web search, notebook generation, but it also has real-time phone translation, automatic video subtitling, accurate photo search, etc. In addition, you can use an enhanced camera with a person that can adapt to a variety of colours and generate high-quality images; you can provide an acorn.
Scrub function, easy to wipe out the unwanted parts of the picture; synchronized video talk experience through ai beauty, simulation, makeup effects, and aar face enhancement. 4 Profit predictions and investment suggestions
We believe that the company's business base in Africa is solid, that its market share is steadily rising, and that it continues to expand emerging markets, opening up new growth space, achieving product-plus-drive double-wheel drive, and that with new products such as ai, a folder and so on, we expect the mobile phone industry to do so.
We believe that the creation of digital appliance brands oraimo, after-sale service brands carlcare and home appliances syinix, and the creation of a business eco-model called “Mobular Internet Services + Digital Domestic Parts” further strengthens the competitive edge of companies and enriches their products.
(c) Increased competition in the industry and the company's failure to open up the end-brand market, which will affect the public.
The Department ' s production operations have a negative impact.3 The pace of R & D is not as high as expected, and the speed of R & D of new technologies in companies may affect the expansion of their operations.
A summary of data projections on corporate financial statements The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for portfolio investment, produces the present report independently and objectively and with due diligence and professionalism, and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately, and that any conclusions are not in any third position
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.