The purchase of 39% of Xinhua's shares has gone well and has accelerated into the long term.
Ma Chenglong announced on 27 May that it was proposed to purchase Xinhua shares in cash from Hpe Cayman, Xinhua shares in cash, Xinhua shares in cash, and Xinhua shares in Xinhua shares in Xinhua in cash, and a total of Xinhua shares in Xinhua in Xinhua in Xinhua in Xinhua.
At the same time, companies are planning to raise up to RMB 12 billion from specific targets to acquire 39% of Xinhua’s shares. 1) The acquisition of Xinhua’s 349% shares is gradually falling to the ground, and the net return of Xinhua shares to the mother is expected to increase significantly. In 2022, Xinhua 3 received 49.8 billion yuan.
2) Xinhua San is the leader in the domestic ict sector and is expected to continue to benefit from the growth of the digital economy and the +ai industry.a. Digital economic policies are frequent and are expected to be an important engine for the economic development of our country, with continued benefits for network infrastructure providers;b. Operators have increased their investment in cloud network construction for 23 years, China's mobile arithmetic spending has increased by 35% over 23 years, China's expenditure on digital capital in the telecommunications industry has increased by 40% over 23 years, and China's connectivity network capital has increased by 40% over 23 years.
This expenditure has increased by 20 per cent over the same period; c.aigc applications have increased demand for data centres, firms have increased cloud infrastructure and firms have increased their resilience to demand for products such as company-owned servers, switches, etc. 3) The completion of transactions has helped to further optimize corporate governance and equity structures, and companies will continue to focus on their main industries and to consolidate digital solutions on a continuous basis
Programmatic capacity to facilitate the transformation of the digital economy. Completion at the end of the year (the firm’s actual trading announcement is at the point of completion of the particular transaction, with the specific projection assumed below), the company’s acquisition of Xinhua’s 39% share in the Xinhua stock is on the ground, and the net profit from the return of the purple share to the mother is expected to increase significantly.
In May 2015, the Xinhua Company, a subsidiary of the Xinhua Group, acquired 51% of Xinhua's shares in Xinhua and became a controlling shareholder in Xinhua's Xinhua III. The Xinhua shares officially entered the Xinhua Basic Equipment Market. Xinhua's growth was robust, with revenues of $368/443/49.8 billion in 2020-2022, compared to the same amount.
On January 5, 2023, the company announced that the hpe entity would sell 39% of its shareholdings in Xinhua to Purple International, and that upon completion of the deal, Xinhua would hold 3 100% of the share in Xinhua, the price of which would be determined by 15 times Xinhua III's profit after deduction of non-recurring gains and losses, as agreed in the Shareholder Agreement for the 12 months prior to April 30, 2022, divided by the total number of Xinhua shares on the date of the notice of entitlement.
On 27 May 2023, the company announced that it was proposed to purchase from Hpe Cayman a 348 per cent share in cash, and from izarholdingco a 31 per cent share in cash and a total of Xinhua III in cash.
RMB: At the same time, the company is planning to raise up to RMB 12 billion from specific targets to buy 39% of Xinhua's shares, and the net profit from Xinhua's return to the mother is expected to increase significantly after the acquisition of Xinhua's 3nd share. According to the company's financial statements, Xinhua's revenue was $368/443.98 billion in 2020-2022, up from $368.498 billion in 2020-2022.
After Xinhua III, a fully-owned stock-act plant leader, it is expected that the new opportunities for the ict industry will continue to benefit from digital economic growth. Xinhua III is the leader of a domestic ict firm. Xinhua is a 3com company that was founded in 2003 with 3com.
In the area of data communications, the main production of equipment such as routers, switches, etc., the company has deep ict equipment technology and market accumulation; the company continuously upgrades its digital and intellectual performance through the whole industry chain of the layout "Cycenic-Cloin-Network-End". More than three products from Xinhua are at the top. The main product lines are the Ethernet exchange, enterprise routers, enterprise level wlan, x86 servers, enterprise level storage, security hardware, supermixing.
The main products are at the forefront of the sub-markets, providing digital services for a global picture of intelligent cities, government, transport, education, medical care, manufacturing, etc. Digital economic policies are frequent, accounting for a significant share of gdp, which is the main engine of economic growth in the country.
By 2025, China's digital economy is projected to grow from RMB 39.2 trillion in 2020 to RMB 650.0 trillion, with a combined annual growth rate of over 10%. Operators increase capital spending on the cloudnet side. Operators increased investment in cloud network construction in 2023, and China's capital expenditure on mobile arithmetic side increased in 23 years.
Thirty-five% of China’s telecommunications industry’s digital capital expenditure increased by 40% in 23 years, and China’s connectivity network capital expenditure increased by 20% in the same year. The aigc boomed, with businesses investing in cloud infrastructure.
The task of this, document, translation, code, writing papers, etc., ghatgpt3.5 has broken millions of users in the two months since it was launched in early 2023, domestic and foreign manufacturers have actively deployed large models of 100 billion or 100 billion parameters, and demand for data centres has increased significantly.
As early as 2019, Microsoft invested up to $1 billion in openai products and obtained exclusive authorization from gpt (chatgpt early model), while at the same time, it agreed to move from Google Clouds to Microsoft Clouds. In 2021, Microsoft reinvested in new tools (e.g. githubcopilot) for the integration of openai with its own product depth.
And then on January 23, again, Microsoft announced an additional billions of dollars in investment to openai, and on February 2 it announced that all products under the flag would be fully integrated in chhatgpt, including, and not limited to, the bining search engine, the office family drums containing Word, ppt, Excel, the azure cloud service, the teams chat program, and so on, although they were later taken up by Microsoft, Google started studying the i chat robot in 2013 and spent $600 million to buy Deepmind, a British artificial intelligence company, in 2016.
The year was changed to lamda, but the announcement was cancelled by the controversial Google. But, as a result of Microsoft’s recent moves, Google began to tilt toward the one, and in February this year it invested $300 million in the match company Athropy at chhatgpt, and is planning to launch a series of ai products this year, such as the sparrow internal survey.
On the evening of 7 February, 100 degrees announced the forthcoming launch of a new large model project, erniebot, and revealed that the first station would be directly connected to the 100-degree search. At present, 100 degrees are probably the most powerful technology companies in the country to launch the type of chhatgpt products.
Ali is in the process of developing, and is in the process of internal testing. At the bottom of the technology needed for chhatgpt, i.e., large models, etc., the Dharma Academy has previously launched a 10-billion-scale m6 model that goes beyond Google, Microsoft, the "m6" of the open-source community of i. On 21 April 2022, the public disclosed the "mix "ai model, which includes but is not limited to computer visualization, natural language processing, multimodule content theory.
Last December, the first low-cost, landable Nlp Billion Model in the country was launched, and the training methodology for the large model was published – with 256 cards as soon as possible, it could be completed within one day, with a direct reduction of the cost to the original one-eighth. On February 9, it was announced that it was now available in the relevant direction of Chatgpt, and that specific research was proceeding in an orderly manner.
On February 10, Kyoto officially announced that the JITAC platform would integrate past industrial practices and technology accumulation, launch the industrial version Chatgpt:chatjd, and publish the Chhatjd Landing Application Road Map “125” plan. Chatjd will use the “125” plan as a landing application road map, including a platform, two areas, and five applications. On February 8, the Web made it easy to say that the company would launch or launch the Chatgpt co-source technology products around online education.
In September 2021, the large “source 1.0” model was officially launched, and in March 2022, four skill models for dialogue, question-and-answer, translation and ancient script were developed, based on the “source 1.0” model. To date, there is a gap between the general capabilities of the large “source 1.0” model, in particular with regard to the understanding of user intent, and the broad “source 1.0” model displays a wide range of competencies from general wisdom and capacity, with the risk that it will not be able to reach industry on a large scale in the short term.
On the evening of 8 February, 360 announced that the company’s current type of Chatgpt technology was capable of reaching a level slightly higher than that of gpt-2 and that it was still lagging behind in its current chhatgpt. The Xinhua 3 Main Camp server, the switchboard, is the core of the data centre, and the beneficiary’s major model needs are increasing.
To include servers, switches, and light modules. With the expansion of the network bandwidth within the data centre, and the evolution of the network structure, the related communications facilities will be upgraded to include switchboards and light module deployments. According to our chhagpt 4.0 model, the global server and switch elasticity of the 100 network under the Inveda network is 60/19 per cent, and the global server and switch pair under the 100 network under the Inveda network is 60.19 per cent.
The elasticity should be 78 per cent-8 per cent respectively. For a detailed measurement process, please refer to the light-driven process driven by the theme "Nin Communications Cloud-building " (iii)ai; for a detailed measurement process, refer to the light-driven model driven by the theme "Nin-Telecom Cloud-building " (iii)ai
Modular trend outlook and elasticity measurement. Trends outlook and elasticity measurement.
Companies will continue to focus on their main industries and build up their digitally integrated solutions capabilities to facilitate the transformation of the digital economy. At the end of the year, the company’s stock in Xinhua III was changed from 51% to 100%, and Xinhua III’s ability to integrate solutions in the digital transformation of society maintained a “buy-in” rating.
Transactions could not be successfully completed, transactions were completed late, upstream clients invested less than expected, chips supply was limited, networks and integrated solutions were available. Purple shares (000938.sz) - stock transfer was completed, a new business chapter was opened - 2022-07-12 Schedule: Financial forecasting and valuation
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject