China Consignment (601,800): Investment returns drive performance.
In terms of sub-operations, the main operating income from capital construction operations, capital accounting operations, dredging operations and other operations was 40,866 million yuan, 26,965 million yuan, $34,085 million and 6,920 million yuan, respectively. During the same period, the operating income from capital construction and dredging operations increased faster and the operating income from capital construction increased.
The increase in the revenue from dredging operations is mainly due to higher revenues from offshore engineering, ppp investment projects, mainly due to the increase in the volume of dredging operations in coastal areas, while the increase in income from other operations is mainly due to the increase in the trade operations of the Sub-Department of Public Administration, which together led to an overall increase in the overall total.
On a quarterly basis, q1 to q4 achieved business income of $82,699 million, $10,403 million and increased operating income on a quarterly basis. On a regional basis, 36,661 million yuan and 1,17,627 million yuan, respectively, respectively, were earned in the home and abroad, representing an increase of 5.6 per cent and 35.79 per cent, respectively, respectively.
While the Māori rate for capital construction and dredging operations declined, the overall Māori sales rate increased slightly 13.75 per cent, a decrease of 1 percentage point from the same period: the Māori rate for capital construction operations, BIM operations, dredging operations, equipment manufacturing and other operations were respectively
-1.29, -7.94 percentage points. The Māori rate is higher in all operations and is the only increase in Māori rates. The decline in Māori in the capital building blocks is largely offset by income growth, partly by the impact of re-engineering policies. The decline in Māori in dredging operations is mainly due to the higher sub-contracting costs of some of the projects.
The most significant decline in the Māori rate of his portfolio was due mainly to the relatively low level of Māori, which represented a net operating profit of $18,136 million, an increase of 6.70 per cent over the same period: net profit grew faster than income, mainly as a result of a significant increase in investment earnings in the current period, reaching $7.05 billion, mainly in the disposal of Cyanhua heavy industry shares by companies.
A subsidiary disposes of part of its financial assets and long-term equity investments; during the reporting period, the net interest rate was 4.42 per cent, an increase of 0.43 percentage points over the same period.
-38.73% of the building blocks are built by type of project and by geographical area. The number of new contracts between ports, roads and billions of yuan, $298,140 million, $15,487 million, $23,929 million and $208,811 million, respectively, from overseas areas, is $225,585 million (approx.) for new contracts.
The equivalent of $33,971 million represents approximately 25.1 per cent of the company ' s newly signed contracts, of which the capital construction business is that, in the newly signed contracts, the amount of contracts recognized by the various operations in the form of investment projects in the form of ppp was $189.92 million (of which the amount of contracts recognized by the participating projects in proportion to equity was $77,710 million), representing the group ' s new signature.
21 per cent of the contract amount. Optimized. At the same time, in terms of operational capacity, there was an increase in the turnover of inventory and receivables, and the cost of sales remained almost the same as last year, with the management rate declining from 6.43 per cent to 6.28 per cent.
The higher rate of financial costs (+0.21 percentage points) was mainly due to an increase in long-term borrowing. Taxes and attachments in 2017 amounted to $1,895 million, representing a decrease of 57.80 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the increase in returns due mainly to the transfer of 29.99 per cent of the stock of Zhenhua Heavy Worker during the reporting period.
In response to the country’s “one-way” strategy, the company actively “gos out” and fights against the country.
By 2017, companies had entered 141 national markets and 215 offshore aircraft. In mid-2017, the Group ranked third among the largest international contractors in ern, and the company, as an important controlling subsidiary of the Centralized Group, played a decisive role in its business performance.
The company ' s main growth drivers abroad were currents, frameworks, investments, park construction, etc., with $8,838 million in new contracts in 2017 in African markets; $14,843 million in new contracts in Asia-Pacific neighbouring markets, such as Malaysia, Hong Kong, etc., throughout the year; and gradual entry into Afghanistan and Nepal in new markets.
In addition, the Brazilian top engineering consulting firm was acquired, and the third largest engineering company in Canada (aecon) signed an agreement to do so.
During the reporting period, companies transferred 29.99% of the shares held in Shanghai Zhenhua Heavy Industries (SGG) Ltd. to the group and affiliated public divisions of shareholders in the company by private agreement. After the transfer was completed, the company held 16.24% of the total shares in Zhenhua Heavy Industries and the equipment manufacturing industry.
Business will no longer be the company’s main business, and other business within the original business section, apart from Zhenhua Heavy Work, will be transferred to the company’s other business section in 2018. By transferring Zhenhua Heavy Industrial Holdings, the company will be more focused on core capital and more focused resources, which will further enhance the company’s core competition.
(c) The `additional' rating is given to companies with adequate hand orders, good performance security and an `enhancement' rating, interest rate, exchange rate change risk;
Foreign market risks and risks of changes in the international economic and political situation; Peband real estate industry, construction materials industry study. New wealth surged in 2011, crystal ball fifth and gold cow fifth in 2012. Eight years of vendor research.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.