The whole car and spare parts manufacturing started early, from joint ventures to autonomous development: the company's history can be traced back to the autogroup (stock code: 600104.sh) which developed in 1955 for about 70 years and became the country's old-fashioned lead vehicle company.
Since 2011, the company has built up technology in the joint venture phase, accelerated its own innovation, built and built a series of autonomous brands, and built up its own brands.
New energy, intelligence, and internationalization have continued to progress.
A new round of top-down and super-large personnel adjustments covering the core leadership of group executives, several important sections of the flag, management moves towards rejuvenation, helping to build the talent ladder and bring new management concepts and business ideas to the company; on the operational side, the company has set up a large-scale vehicle block, including a car branch,
Autonomous + joint ventures form a multi-brand matrix, and new vehicles like H5 are expected to boost sales.
This is the only high-end IED brand in the group, and the brand has increased its sales upwards and technology surges.
(c) Technology: Enhanced autonomous research and development, with the “Seven Technology Bases” leapfrogging and upgrading.
Sales are up; 2) Upwards: double performance since 2019, active stock-led sales in 2024, steady, and optimized production capacity to streamline production lines in 2025, concentrating resources on new energy sources and intelligent paths. H5 is expected to be marketed in September, with high-level intellectuals penetration into markets of less than $200,000, and it is expected that corporate sales will go up.
The company, the country’s first “whole chain” automobile enterprise, is currently building its full value abroad, including innovation research and development centres, production bases, marketing centres, supply chain centres, and financial companies.
The era. Monsignor mg is the backbone of corporate export sales, the Euro-Eng market constitutes the base plate for mg overseas sales. In 2024, the mg brand sold 24.31 million vehicles in the European market, an increase of 5.5 per cent compared to the previous year.
The share of the Mg brand in Europe continues to rise. With the growing power of the Mg brand 's overseas model, the introduction of hybrid models helps to counter the negative impact of the EU ' s 35% tariff on the Chinese pure motor vehicle model.
The hybrid model will be a new dynamic for growth in mg exports to Europe.
(i) The early start of the manufacture of the whole car and spare parts, from joint ventures to autonomous development, dates back to 1955, and has grown from about 70 years to a country’s old-fashioned lead-car company. The development of the rediscovery company can be broadly divided into four phases, with the company growing rapidly through the joint venture model, initially complete.
Since 2011, the company has built up technology in the joint venture phase, accelerated ownership, built and built a series of autonomous brands, and continued to move towards new energy, intelligence, and internationalization. (1) Start-up and whole-car manufacturing exploration (1955-1978): the company was created in Shanghai in November 1955.
In 1958, the first Phoenix sedan became one of China’s largest sedan production bases in Shanghai. (2) The initial phase of joint and joint ventures (1979-1997): July 1984, the Shanghai Auto-Trailer Industry Consortium.
In response to the call for reform and openness, the company opted for a market-for-technology development path, establishing joint ventures with the public in Germany in 1985 and the United States in 1997, respectively, which marked the beginning of a new phase in the opening up of the Shanghai automobile industry to the outside world.
The first joint venture in the field of auto parts and spare parts, and outside it, Shanghai Telefox Axis Ltd., focuses on R & D in the use of vehicle transmission systems. (3) Rapid development and diversification (1998-2010): the company has been expanding its joint ventures by setting up multiple joint ventures, such as the United Motors Electronics Company Ltd., the High-Market Mass Marketing Corporation, the Angxon Motor Logistics Company Ltd., etc.,
It covers a number of areas, including auto manufacturing, parts and components production, marketing, logistics, and the gradual establishment of complete auto supply chains and ecological systems. (4) Autonomy and internationalization (2011-present): companies are listed as a whole in 2011.
Research and development inputs in the field, in collaboration with Ali, Hua, China and others, are committed to electricization and intelligent transformation; on seaboarding and globalization, companies are actively engaged in internationalization, the establishment of factories and R & D centres abroad. (ii) Sales of 25h1 are back on track, with autonomous brands, new energy sources, new troikas abroad, etc.
Since 2019, the domestic car market has been facing serious challenges, such as the restructuring of the car market, the impact of the epidemic, and the shortage of chips. The overall volume of car sales has entered the lower lanes, the company’s entire volume has continued to remain under pressure, and the share of sales in the period 2019-2024 has risen further to 63.53%. The share of corporate ownership in brand sales has been steadily increasing, with the brand structure being optimized according to the company’s structure.
Overseas markets continue to grow robustly, and export numbers remain at the forefront. Since 2015, companies have been active in the offshore market, with international operations at full speed, rising overseas sales from 1.46% in 2015 to 25.88% in 2024.
For eight consecutive years, in 2023, China’s car companies were champions of export sales, with more than 1 million annual sales abroad for three consecutive years, while Europe’s developed countries accounted for 25% of sales and Europe’s 2024 & 2025h1 exports, which, despite their decline, remained in the top three positions. New energy sales fell short of industry, setting higher targets in 2025.
Key development periods. While companies took the lead in proposing a “new four-fold” strategy for “electricization, smart network connectivity, sharing and internationalization” in 2015, new energy critical systems and core components were relatively slow to be laid in the process of electric transformation, so that the growth in the volume of new sources of automobile sales was slower than that of the industry, causing a certain drag on overall sales. In 2024, companies achieved the sale of new energy vehicles.
The sale of 1,234,100 vehicles, representing an increase of 9.89 per cent in the same year, accounted for 30.75 per cent of the company ' s total sales; 2025h1, the company achieved a new energy vehicle (iii) financial analysis: performance has come to a point where cost controls and the rate of parentation have slowed, but it is still growing. Until 2019, the country ' s autonomous branding has turned over in the new energy sector.
Internal integration leads to lower cost rates and is expected to lead to higher profitability. Since 2011, increased competition in the industry has led to an increase in the efficiency of the price war and a recovery in profitability. At the cost side, the corporate cost ratio has generally declined. In 2024, the corporate sales cost rate, 1.19 pct, -0.17 pct, -1.06 pct, the company achieved some efficiency in cost control and overall profitability as a result of internal integration.
The net operating cash flow of 2025h1 was positive and the asset-liability ratio was further reduced. Net cash flow from corporate operations, II. Human operations were recombined in 2024, resulting in significant transformational reforms (i) overscale personnel adjustments were completed and business restructuring and brand integration were advanced in tandem with the consolidation of brand names
In 2024, the company started a new round of top-down and top-down super-manager adjustments. At the executive level, former President Chen Xiaoqiu retired and former President Wang Xiaoqiu took over, former Vice-President Ja Ken Xu was promoted to head the company; at the middle level, this round covered the core leadership of several important sections under the flag, including the upper car,
On the whole, the company’s management has been rejuvenated towards rejuvenating and developing, helping the company to build a talent ladder and bring new management and business ideas to the company.
The restructuring of the company’s structure involves the whole of the car plate and the parts system, with the bulk of the company’s power forces taking the lead and leading the breakout. In the area of business integration, the company has set up large-scale car plates, including the sub-firms, Steam International, the General Research and Development Institute, zero-band technology, and travel abroad, to implement one.
In the area of brand integration, in October 2024, two major car brands were formally merged, and in the interior of the brand, Eonway and Flying Man were removed from the list, and the future will be served.
To assume the role of leading brand name, the new-end energy vehicle series; to perform as a whole, to ensure the practical effects of the reorganization; to perform as a whole; to promote synergies and synergies among the firms concerned, guided by the performance of the plate; to develop a research and development system, with zero technology and upper steam; to complete the merger of the General Research and Development Institute for Innovation, which has been incorporated into a large passenger car block and has become a higher research and development department under its umbrella.
A unified spectrometry plan for the creation of a motor vehicle executive board, integrated management.
Increased product definition, platforming, flattening, block performance as the driving force for synergy, Emeritus and Feifan integration.
The central and local governments attach great importance to the transformation of the company's company, market value management, etc. The automobile industry as a national.
The backbone of the economy, which is closely linked to the country’s economic development and the improvement of people’s lives, is important for stabilizing the economy. The automobile industry’s long-chain, high-connectedness, wide radiation coverage, and its associated high number of upstream and downstream industries, has played an indispensable role in boosting domestic demand and boosting the national economy.
As a result of this trend, the country’s motorization, the slow pace of its intelligent transformation, and the considerable scope for improvement in the areas of product competitiveness, market ownership, forward-looking and leading technological innovation have been highly valued by central and local governments. Since 2021, the National Investment Commission and the various levels of government have strengthened their management and management of automobile companies in terms of direction, business appraisal, and market value management, respectively.
As Shanghai’s leading company, the company has received strong support from Shanghai’s city governments in the process of reform and transformation. Shanghai’s government’s support for the company covers a wide range of policies, markets, and technologies, ranging from local subsidies to incentives for car consumption to strategic planning to technology targeting, focusing on synergies between territorialized industrial chains and internationalization through equity cooperation.
Participation in car chip investment and layout, support for the formation of a car chip expert group and industry alliance, the establishment of a common services platform for vehicle chip design and testing, and the promotion of solutions to the challenges of vehicle chip development and development; and, in the area of industrial synergies, the promotion of upper gas groups working in partnership with the Middle and Far Maritime Group and the Shanghai Group to promote deep synergies among the three parties in areas such as the vehicle supply chain, spare parts import and export logistics, and the expansion of the sea by enabling companies
In 2024, Shanghai municipal leaders (City Council Secretary Chen Jiining, City Council Deputy Secretary, Mayor Gong Jing) and the City Council branch conducted research on companies in November and July to provide direction, advice and support to companies in their transformational development. With Shanghai City's empowerment, companies have increased their core competitiveness, have continued to consolidate their leadership in areas such as new energy sources, smart networks, and so on.
It provides a solid guarantee that the world’s leading car companies will move forward. Thirdly, autonomous + joint ventures will form a multi-brand matrix, starting a new car cycle in the second half of the year.
1. Positioning: Each brand has its own main vehicle model in a misalignment of competition, and its precise matching of market demand with that of the market. The company’s flag consists mainly of Emeritus, Monsignor, Mitsubishi, Intellectuals, Treasures, and the six major autonomous brands of Upstream Chase, which are both connected and complementary to each other, and which together constructs the market layout of the company’s own brand.
Quality life, a broad consumer group that focuses on technological experience; rejuvenation, motorization and globalization, with a focus on less than 200,000 price bands, targeting young consumers who pursue driving pleasures and personality styles; intellectually positioned high-end smart electric areas, targeting consumers with high demand for cutting-edge technology and high-end quality; and Mitsubishi's broad audience, especially following, to build a “good car for the people”
High-priced, functional-car-type consumers like to be; bouncing brands that provide smart and comfortable travels, target customers that seek comfort in driving their experience and intelligent configurations; and going to Chase to focus on commercial cars. Flying vans return to glory, re-engineer their new energy branding.
Sub-brand changes, from the “Emergency Marvelx” in 2018 to the “r” in 2020, and the independent “flying cars” in 2021, have made it difficult for markets and consumers to develop a clear and effective identification and understanding of brands. Thus, the market for flying products continues to show a long-term underperformance, low sales and persistent decline, failing to occupy a seat in the high-end new energy segment.
Wei's brand positioning has also undergone several shifts, from the initial British luxury to the launch of rx5 to the Smart Network in 2016, to the compact Internet sub-market, and the launch of a new lion in 2020, which opened up a “state boom” . Changing brand positioning, while responding to market trends, lacks coherence and depth of focus, and product line layouts are not distinguishable and are not conducive to brand image formation.
With increased competition in the market, the triumphal follow-up has not been sustained, and the area of smart network connections has been lagging behind the rivals. According to Marklines, 17.37 million brands were sold in 2024, a 13.13 per cent decrease in comparison, 57.8 million in new energy vehicles, a 27.07 per cent decrease in comparison, and 33.3 per cent in new energy vehicles; flying vans were sold only in 2024.
As flyman returns to glory, it is expected that Ewe and Feifan will become deeply integrated at multiple levels, such as channels, R & D, and product systems. At the product level, flyman will assume the role of a high-end series of glory brands, and will in the future expand the product line with hybrid technologies such as Toronweedmh, which will continue to exercise its advantages in terms of intelligence, rejuvenation, etc.
By the end of the year, more than 100 Distributors' offices had opened, attempting to increase brand influence and product sales by expanding their marketing networks; at the research and development level, Eonwei and Feifan would be jointly responsible for R & D by the Group's General Institute for Innovation Research and Development, and were expected to improve R & D efficiency and deliver more competitive products by integrating R & D resources.
The only high-end intellectual power brand within the intellectual-positioning group, which leads to an up-and-up-of-tech surge in sales, is the company’s high-end electric, dynamic, technology-student brand that has risen rapidly in the high-end intellectual-electric field since 2020, when it was created jointly by the upper-air group, the Zhang Gang Goko and the Alibaba group. On the product side, it has built a rich and well-targeted matrix of products covering pure power, incremental power, etc.
In 2023, the hot-car type Ls6 came to the market in medium-sized and pure electricity, and in 2024 it became the champion of the segment, the consumer of household travel and space and transit demand. In 2025, it was planned to launch three pure trams and two boosters, covering sub-markets such as sedans, suv, etc.
With top technology configurations to attract users who want performance and intellectual experience; the next generation of super-incremental technologies that will be launched in the second half of the year will further broaden the user community. On the technical side, intellectually, the two-wheel drive of the "Self-Research + Eco-cooperative" has been chosen, with one side looking at the bottom of the structure, such as the line control chassis, the digital compartment, and the other, introducing the main Alia model, which will build the "Insortable alai Matrix".
On April 23, 2025, in Shanghai Car Fair, Wire-controlled digital chassis technology was officially released and nearly 5 metres long, leading to an extreme turn-over radius of 4.69 metres. The response speed was 2 to 3 times faster than the traditional hydraulic system, the brake distance was 6 to 8% shorter, and it was the perfect combination of 1 3 and 4 grades.
Four quarters, when the third generation of technology will be launched on a new flag ship model with pre- and post-carrying line control, it will become the first brand in the second half of this year to move pure line control to a large volume of technology. 2. Structure: new energy penetration is robust, and plug-in creates an effective kinetic supplement to pure electric power.
The sales of new energy vehicles amounted to 1,001,000 vehicles, or 59.96 per cent of the total, showing a steady upward trend; the structure of the new energy vehicles was dominated by pure electric power, with 2025h1 pure electric power and plug-in vehicles selling 70.3 million and 29.7 million, respectively, representing 70.28 and 29.72 per cent of the new energy vehicle pattern.
It is expected that, as new models, such as flying vans, intellectuals and others, are marketed, brands will form a much better product matrix in each of the new energy sub-dynamics, and the share of new energy vehicles is expected to continue to rise.
Steam, including pure electricity (up there), mixing (up there), hydrogen energy platforms (up there), three whole-car technology bottoms and batteries (cubes), power drive (green cores), power all-round (blue core) systems, smart car all-round solutions (zero-barrelled Milky Way)
The challenge is to achieve the industry's 12-km lead target, which is more than 30 per cent higher than the current level; a fully integrated vehicle structure for the new Everest, with a maximum conversion efficiency of more than 3.75kwh/l, which has been demonstrated on the Eid 7dmh; an integrated whole of the new Star River, with an incremental fuel reactor p4m system with a rated power of 45kw, with more than 50 per cent efficiency at the most commonly used workpoints, with maximum efficiency breakthroughs.
The annual total solid-state battery output, with an energy density of over 400wh/kg; the total power-driven success rate of 4.4kw/kg, with an average of more than 40% ahead of industry; and the total combined power drive efficiency will be increased by 10% further, with a 46% increase in the combined exclusive engine heat efficiency. In the case of the all-smart truck solution, the flat-load of 3.0 is down, effectively reducing the low-pressure power of the whole vehicle and reducing the number of controllers by more than half.
The program is capable of achieving `centralised plus regional control', with a focus on cost control and level 1.3 autopilots, and the future 4.0 program will focus on closing smart people's structures, ai large models, aios, and supporting class 14/l5 autopilots.
The release of version 2.0 of the new generation base technology, version 2.0, adds six core technologies, namely solid-state batteries, energy closed-ring systems, efficient power aggregates, smart chassis, full-store software architecture and a completely new electronic architecture, forming a full-fledged electro-smart network coalition that will in the future be fully equipped with a brand-new model of autonomous brands under the corporate flag.
(ii) Joint venture branding: moving to the second half of the technology output, trying to create a new picture of joint ventures1 and the general public: optimizing the efficiency of production and efficiency and increasing the profitability of the sales; the joint venture period was again extended to 2040, when “audi” launched the first high-end smart network combined vehicle model. November 2024, Public
The Department and the German public renewed the joint venture agreement in advance, extending the joint venture period to 2040, to further stabilize long-term partnerships. Audi and the company announced a joint venture to create the new brand, “audi”, and launched the concept model, “audie”, which will create a multi-size smart electric vehicle based on smart digital flats. In August 2025, the first high-end smart-net joint vehicle, the Odia5l, was marketed.
Xinghua is a top-level driving support system, opening a new model of local development cooperation. Figure 27: Corporate and Audi created audi and launched the concept audie 2019 with a high sales performance and profitability challenge. Group sales and profits were high between 2014 and 2018
In 2014, the combined sales of the upper- and upper-gas-based public accounted for more than 60% of the total sales of the group. In 2018, the amount of revenue and profits from the upper-lower public, $259.3 billion and $28.16 billion, respectively, peaked. But, as the country’s new energy penetration rate continued to rise and competition increased, the sales of new domestic and autonomous energy brands were squeezed on the joint-brand fuel truck.
The volume and performance of sales began to decline, with a total business income of $13,57.35 billion in 2024, down 47.65 per cent from 2018, and the meb platform helped to transform the motors, driving the id. family series upwards. The meb platform is a modularized platform created by the Mass Motors Group for electric cars, which provides strong and multifaceted support for the electrical transformation of the uppercomers.
There's a great deal of expansion, with batteries of different sizes, depending on the use of the different types of vehicles, and a variety of body types, ranging from compact to vans. On this platform, the id. family models, including id.4x, id.6x, id.3 etc., have been introduced to meet the needs of different consumers. id. Family models have been recognized by the market and sales have steadily increased.
In November 2024, Id.3 showed the brightest performance, with a cumulative milestone of 200,000, and took the crowns of the annual “jointly owned pure tram” and “class A two-car crowns.” We believe that with the power of the meb platform, the influence of the id. family series will continue to rise, driving up sales will continue to accelerate.
Electrodynamic and intelligent uplifting pace. 2. Up gas: full release of de-pool pressure and re-starting of lightweight. Double performance since 2019, active re-entry of sales to reservoirs in 2024.
In 2024, GVA took the initiative to reduce the volume of wholesale sales to go to stock, reducing it to 43.5 million vehicles for the year to the same value, of which $456 million was written off, mainly to deal with the stock of deflated fuel trucks. In January-July 2025, the total volume of GVA sales was 28.73 million, an increase of 19.43 per cent compared to the previous year, and the volume is expected to stabilize at the bottom.
In the second half of the second half of 2024, the upper gas was launched as a "big monolithic strategy" and the product sequences were streamlined. The Buick brands kept the base plate, with the gl8 and Ankoway models as pillars, April 2024, and the heavy-pound Bgl8 Lt.P.P.P. was listed to hold Buick's base while making the new and old kinetic energy switch.
This disk, which helps gl8 to return to the top of the mpv sales list; Cadillac's surge in high-end markets, with the introduction of xt5 and ct5-type incremental buy-in policies that significantly improve brand competitiveness; Chevy's focus on contraction and transformation, a sharp reduction in fuel truck product lines, and a focus on new energy sources (e.g. equinox ev), releasing resources for transformation through a silo strategy.
In the second half of the year, the first model of a van based on the structure of the section is 1,700 to 300,000 yuan.
Optimizing production capacity by streamlining production lines and concentrating resources on new energy sources and smart lanes. The upper output is distributed mainly in Shanghai, smoke stations, and days, and the General Motors announced plans to record non-temporary impairments of $2.6 billion to $2.9 billion for their joint ventures in China, and it is mentioned that it is not temporary.
Approximately $2.7 billion in additional equity losses resulting from the implementation of the reorganization plan, including the costs that the joint venture will identify in connection with the plant’s closure and reduction of non-profit models. In the first half of 2025, the economic observation network confirmed that the upper gas plant was about to close down the Shenyang North Sein factory, which was established in 2004 as one of the four major production bases in China for the upper gas industry, mainly Bekkgl8, Ankoway,
We believe that, along with the reduction of excess capacity, the upper generality will concentrate resources on new energy sources and smart lanes, company sales and performance are expected to make a long-term transition and development. Figure 40: The upper general-power utilization rate in 2024 was only 22%.
(iii) New car cycles, such as H5 in Shanqian, are expected to boost new vehicle-type planning in the second half of the year, looking forward to the next half of the year, the next six months, the next two months, the next two months, the next two months, the next six, the next six, the next nine, and the first five, the first five, the next five, the next one, the next Audia 5sportback, and the second half of the year, the best Buick.
A series of brand-named new vehicles, such as the “border”, will be officially marketed to further boost the company’s marketing structure and brand sales upwards. H5 will be based on the SMS (1360 km) + HW on ads 4.0 (192-line laser radar + 4d mm wave radar) to achieve a different competition for “low-price, high-value matching.”
In an hour, there are 25,000 small orders, and in 18 hours, there are 50,000 orders, displaying extremely high market heat. As the first model of a Chinese car to work with the upper gas depth, H5 is rapidly becoming the focus of the 200,000-grade suv market, thanks to its full-system logo, the huawayeads4 smart drive system, and the large space versus high value ratio.
Table 7: Brand positioning and characteristics in the foreign world I. Product strategy: technology sinking and market coverage H5 of the foreign front-line car is located in the main suv market (1,098,000 upgrades and 20,98 million pure electric tops)
Key chess pieces for price-seeking. On the basis of the ATM system (combined renewal 1360 km) + HW is expected to be marketed in September and H5 is expected to penetrate the market of up to $200,000. In April 2025, the company and HWW's smart car brand “Shanghai” officially appeared at the Shanghai International Car Fair, with both parties adopting the “smart car selection model” in July.
Release of the 397th edition of the Bulletin of Road Motor Vehicle Production Enterprises and Products, with H5 positioning medium suv with a size of 4780/1910/1657 mm with an axle range of 2840 mm. Provides a pure electrical and incremental version with a pure electrical version of cltc continuing 655 km, electrical power 150/180kw; and an extended version with a combined extension of more than 1300 km with 1.5l booster (72kw) + 150kw power.
In our view, the Chinese brand is a strong alliance with China, a company with a leading whole-car manufacturing capacity and a foreign layout, and a short board with the potential to supplement it as a channel for mass delivery and globalization; The first-car-style positioning between $150,000 and $250,000 marks China's penetration from the mid-to-high-end market to the mass market, covering the full price belt, the product matrix.
It's more sophisticated; it is expected that China's strong marketing and channel capacity will drive corporate sales upwards, using core technology such as smart driving, cabins, etc. Figure 42: H5 locate medium suv, expected to be marketed in September Figure 43: H5-hour break-through of 25,000
China’s competitiveness is largely reflected in its strong self-research technology, deep ecological integration, and clear strategic positioning. With deep accumulation in the ict field, China has integrated the core technologies of intelligent driving, smart cabins, power systems, and car clouds into the automobile business, creating smart car solutions with the heart of the ‘Hong Man’s Smart Line’. In the case of smart driving, China is ads.
The system, using a “laser radar + visual integration” technology route, combined with self-researching mbc chips and lift-to-calculation platforms, has achieved leadership, high security and stability in the urban piloting landscape without high-precision maps. Although Tesla has a pre-emptive advantage in data loops and pure visual algorithms, China has demonstrated strong competitiveness in the Chinese market, thanks to full-scale self-research capabilities and indigenous adaptation.
China’s core competitiveness for automobiles is based on the three pillars of technology, ecological integration, and strategic cooperation, showing unique advantages in the current market for new energy sources and smart cars. The smart chassis combines air suspensions with cdc barriers, and Benz gls users verify that feedback is better than traditional limo chassis performance.
(iv) Robotaxi services are entering a quasi-commercial phase. The company has developed a complete ecological closure in the field of Robotexi, from technology development, vehicle volume production to commercial operations. In May 2025, a strategic collaboration was reached between the RV and auto-driving momenta, based on a hardware platform based on the above-intelligent sls6
Robotaxi motorcade. The program reuses mass-car sensors (laser radars, cameras, etc.) to significantly improve hardware stability, reduce the cost of retrofitting, and lay the foundation for scale.
(i) From product to system, the Global Overseas Strategy 3.0 opens up an active overseas market and establishes a well-established system of overseas travel. The company is the country's first car company, the All-Incorporated Out-of-Sea, which has built the auto industry abroad, including innovation research and development centres, production bases, marketing centres, supply chain centres and financial companies.
In terms of production R & D sales, companies have three major new R & D centres abroad (London, Silicon Valley, Tel Aviv), three full-car manufacturing bases (Thailand, Indonesia, India) and one kd factory (Pakistan), over 100 parts and components production R & D bases and over 3,000 marketing service points; in terms of ecological chain synergies, companies are involved in the development of a network.
(a) The establishment of Indonesia's first offshore financial services company, which provides comprehensive automobile finance loans and insurance services to local distributors and end consumers;
On April 23, 2025, the company officially released its overseas strategy, 3.0 - the “global strategy”, or the “global strategy.” The corporate overseas strategy went through the 1.0 era, with product exports at its core, and the 2.0 era, with localization at its core, and will officially enter the 3.0-hour era, with the global + native at its core.
The globalized layout of the corporate logistics system provides strong support for regional connectivity, and in May, the company's largest global car-rolling ship, “Angyan Sein” and its sister ship, “Ange Hong Sein”, under the umbrella of the Angel logistics investment, will help companies to reduce the cost of bicycle logistics and take ownership of the sea logistics supply chain. In the next three years, companies will build on their deep-seated technological build-up of powered smart networks.
The construction of 17 new overseas models, including suv, sedans, mpv, and pickups, with a new hev hybrid system, will cover the global mainstream market segment, and subversive technologies, such as solid-state batteries, will be deployed. (ii) Monsignor mg will be the main source of export sales, and the European region and hybrid model will be the key to the increase in the share.
Mg brands continue to be rich in sealines, with high overseas vehicle sales leading to higher profits. Companies acquired the Luvv 75 platform and the Mg brand in 2004 and 2007, respectively. The title was a British royal brand with a certain degree of foreign awareness and a good branding base for exports. In 2022, the mg brands launched China’s first global car, mg4ev.
More than 10 products, such as sedans, suv, have been introduced, with more than 5 million vehicles sold globally, and more than 20 countries abroad are listed as Top10. At sales prices, the market price of the mg brand is generally higher than the price of domestic guidance by about 40%, and it is expected that, driven by export price differentials, scale effects, and fine management, there will be much room for increased corporate profitability in overseas markets.
Mg became the company’s main export brand, and the Euro-Eng market formed the base of the company’s overseas sales. In terms of export volume, the number of mg exits peaked in 2023, with more than 640,000 vehicles and 2,225h1, mg exports increasing by 2.75 per cent compared to the previous year, achieving a steady upward trend; the share of mg exports increased from 36.17 per cent of total company exports in 2019 to 36.17 per cent of total exports.
60.40% of the 2025h1 market; in export areas, the EE-England market is the strategic backbone of corporate globalization, with the European Design Centre now in place, the European Engineering Centre is in the process of being established, and the European Localization Programme is being explored. In 2024, the MG brands sold 24.31 million vehicles in the European market, a 5.5% increase, with 8.15 million vehicles in the UK and 22.93% of the total overseas sales of the Mg brand in Europe.
The share of the mg brand in the European region has continued to rise. Figure 49: 2025h1mg exports account for 60.4% of total corporate exports.
Cars have been sold hot in the European market and, since the second half of 2024, sales of pure trams affected by the EU ' s countervailing duties have declined. The Department has adapted its export strategy to include multiple hybrids, which have become the backbone of exports to Europe and have won the preference of overseas users by virtue of their high-value, low-cost and intellectual advantage. In the case of mgzshybrid+, they have been cut to Renoclio at a price of less than 15,000 euros.
With the price zone of Dacia Sandero, which led Mgzs to sell over 5,300 vehicles in the Spanish market in May, an increase of 114% over the same month, becoming one of the fastest-growing vehicles on the ground. We believe that with the growing power of the Mg brand ' s overseas model, the introduction of the hybrid model will help to counter the negative impact of the EU ' s 35% tariff on the Chinese model, which will become an export for the mg.
(i) Joint ventures: in 2025, with a focus on steady sales, a steady profit, and a steady market share for the public, with the growth of new products in the second half of the year, annual risk factors have been largely eliminated, sales are expected to be stable, and harvests are expected to shrink. Overall, joint ventures are expected to be intelligently powered.
It is expected that the upgrading, especially the collaboration between Odyssey and Hua, will further boost brand up, with joint brand sales expected to be stable in 2025, and sales expected to pick up again in 2026, leading to a recovery in revenue growth. (2) Autonomous plates: through integration with Flying Man brands, the location of a sunk market with a focus on value for money benefits from greater enrichment.
The product matrix, which is expected to rebound quickly after sales hit the bottom in 2024, will lead to recovery; the consolidation of branding channels, research and development, etc., is expected to achieve a synergetic drop, and the Māori rate will be expected to rise. Once smart-assed cars are on the market, the dynamics will become more abundant, the overseas layout will be faster, the market will be more successful, and subsequent sales will be expected to increase significantly in Europe’s new energy vehicle high-growth track.
Foreign markets have focused their efforts, and the introduction of hybrid vehicles has helped to counteract the negative impact of the EU’s 35-per-cent tariff on pure trams, and exports are expected to lead to a gradual recovery in sales, leading to a steady increase in revenue. New cars in the foreign world are expected to open up a new situation with the release of new cars that are expected to leverage core technology, such as smart driving, cabins, and strong marketing and channel capabilities.
(3) Parts and components plate: company parts block focuses on the new track, accelerates the upgrading of technology, expands new market openings, tracks changes in user demand through initiatives such as a number of intellectual capacity building initiatives, strengthens penetrating controls, and effectively improves cost competitiveness and anti-winding across the chain Division joint venture brands due to significant impairments in stock counts, reduced impairments in 2025 and gradual consolidation of autonomous brands
Absolute valuation method: In the case of weighted average capital cost (wacc) with positive and negative fluctuations of 0.5 per cent, sustained growth rate (g) with positive and negative fluctuations of 0.5 per cent, the company has a reasonable value range of $27.75 to $27.86 per share, corresponding to market value Relative valuation method: we have selected a representative whole vehicle for the production of the Dragon Company Biadi, the Wall, the Chang An Car, Jiang Huai Mob
Currently, companies are facing significant declines in performance and high valuations as a result of large generic impairments, but starting in 2025 they are expected to see the risks of less than expected sales of new energy vehicles. New domestic energy markets are now maturing, and there is a potential risk of slower growth in new energy markets, which may expose companies to less than expected sales of their products, affecting the growth of their performance;
2. Risks of increased competition in the market. With the current number of players in the new energy vehicle market, firms may be exposed to the risk of increased competition in the market, affecting the company’s sales growth rate and product prices, and consequently the growth of its revenue and profitability; 3. The risk of less-than-expected intelligent technologies. Smart technologies are the core competitiveness of the company’s products, but high-level smart drivers, etc.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.