Quarterly performance was delayed by heat exchanger operations, and the rate of inverse growth was still bright
The company announced a net return profit of about 120-150 million yuan in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 19.4 per cent in January-February 2022 and an increase of 95.9 per cent in the value of exports from Zhejiang province compared to the average increase in exports from Zhejiang province.
Quick, reversible business is still bright. The reversible business is expected to grow faster in the second quarter. Corporate prices are showing an upward trend of 300 degrees, and domestic production of household air conditioning decreased by 1.3 per cent in January-February; sales grew by 0.8 per cent in the same period.
The cumulative volume of sales decreased by 4.4 per cent over the same period, and the cumulative volume of external sales increased by 4.7 per cent over the same period, influenced by weaker season sales, softness and customer clean-up, and the business of company heat exchangers is expected to decline significantly over the same period. With the start of the second quarter of the year entering the air conditioner supply period, an improvement in the household power ring is expected.
• The company ' s inverter is replacing the gbt and the new storage machine is opening the market further, and now the company is moving towards a national product, the company ' s delivery capacity is increasing and costs are decreasing in the absence of cores. In addition, the company launched new storage machines this year, targeting Europe and the United States.
Markets. The value of new products is high, competitive, and the Māori rate is higher. Companies are using new products to expect a further increase in market share in the European and American markets.
Photovoltaic demand is not as high as expected, Māori is not as high as expected, large customer risk, etc.
Question 2021-6-15: The second half of the year recommended that attention be paid to the benefits of the policy.
Song Wai Jing: Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master ' s degree in the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, car parts and components, New Niejie University Economics and Finance Master ' s degree in the Bank ' s General Bank, one year of industry research experience, coverage of lithium electricity, use of information on legal compliance, independent and objective presentation of this report, data and information used in this report from the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.