In February 2021, real estate monthly reports turned to the left, business performance, right, changes in investment strategies and adherence to the "two-centre" strategy.
The annual sales of 17.4 trillion dollars have kept the three red line targets low for real estate under the epidemic, with no gains but 8.7 per cent growth (January-December 2020) in the form of monthly readings.
Quarter 2020 strategy report -- housing is still in place, and anchoring resources are the key to future competition.
32.7 per cent, but with the company ' s revenues growing at a rapid rate, there has been a marked decline in net profits and a similar decline in gross profits and net profits. First, we believe that there are two main reasons for this: the cost of developing and operating the business in the community where the main business is being developed has increased.
Longer-term increases of 38.9 per cent over the same period were far greater than the growth in operating income: second, the increase in sales costs, the decline in the price of other receivables and the decline in investment returns eroded the net profits of companies.
Relying on the central urban advantage, a steady increase in sales, a well-developed soil storage site in the core city, long-term urban deep-farming experience, and a proactive marketing strategy that helps companies to achieve a steady increase in sales.
Long. At the same time, with the maturity and development of park development and port operations, companies have the advantage of reducing land acquisition costs in a multi-dimensional manner, thereby achieving higher unit sales prices and higher profit margins.
High-speed growth in operating income, but a marked decline in profitability.
There has been a relatively significant increase in operating costs, to $78.03 billion, compared with the increase in stock impairments and the disposition of shares in the collection of the loft and the services of the Minghua Seafarers.
The impact, resulting in the erosion of net profits, is that the greatest advantage is the ability to finance.
In 2020, the firm ' s asset-liability rate was 58.8 per cent after the cancellation of pre-collected payments and the net liability rate, in addition to the financial advantage of the firm, the cost of which was further doubled, the amount of money available was sufficient and the risk of short-term debt service was lower.
28.8 per cent, well below the three red lines, and well below the industry average, provides ample room for growth in the size of the company's interest-bearing debt, as well as long-term development
In the context of growth, there has been a marked decline in net profits and a similar downward trend in gross and net profits. We believe that there are two main reasons for this: first, the cost increase in the development and operation of the major business community, which increased by 38.9 per cent in the same year, is far greater than the growth in operating income; and second, the increase in sales costs, and the decline in the price of other receivables.
First, taking advantage of the central urban advantage, sales grew at a steady scale, by 6.3% over the year, and sales at a unit price of $22,324.2 per square metre, reaching a new high.
With the rise in power, the company's strategy of pushing a “one city, one template” to compete across the board, raising the ability to do a comprehensive game, eventually leading to high-quality de-listing and high-scale marketing. Seven cities in Hangzhou, Sunan, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Nanjing, Guangzhou and Ningbo have sold more than 10 billion dollars, and five regions in China, East, Shenzhen, Southwest, South China, and Jiangnan have increased their sales by more than 20%.
The overall distribution of performance is relatively balanced. But the direct impact of the overall growth in the scale of sales is a small increase in the cost of sales, which in 2020 stood at $2.99 billion, or 35.3 per cent above the previous level.
In 2020, the company acquired 98 land reserves, adding 16,248,000 square metres of land, 10,448 million square metres of equity building, and the Hong Kong city alliance, production union, production union, etc., became a caller.
The main means of gaining access to land resources for snakes are through the Hong Kong City Association project, which provides access to the South Tunghamang River and the Smoky Tianjiang River, the Trans-Congress Association project, the Taiwon Small Shop project, the Wuhan Dragon Factory project, the Western An Port Area project and the Bojong City project, which enriches the way companies take land and helps to reduce the cost of land.
In our view, merchant snakes are well placed in the core cities, long-term urban deep-farming experience, and aggressive marketing strategies help companies to achieve a steady increase in sales. At the same time, as parks mature and port operations mature, firms are encouraged to reduce land acquisition costs through multiple land acquisition, thereby achieving higher unit sales prices and higher profit margins.
Chart: Additional land reserves at commercial points (m3m) from 2017 to 2020; II. Rapid growth in operating income, but a marked decline in profit margins. In 2020, business income at commercial points was $12,962 million, an increase of 32.7 per cent over the same period, achieving a better growth.
Of these, the business of community development and operation, which is dominated by the sale of real estate, generated business income of $101,260 million, an increase of 19.8 per cent over the same period; of the multi-operative development and operation of parks, such as parks, complexes, businesses, hotels, etc., an increase of $28,230 million, an increase of 126.3 per cent over the same period; and of the Ministry, the construction and operation of the cruise industry was affected by the epidemic.
The sub-operation was suspended for 130 million yuan, representing a decrease of 79.2% in the same year, which did not have a significant impact on the overall income, owing to the relatively small share of the business. As a result, the company achieved a better income growth in 2020.
10.3 per cent; the net return to the mother was $12.25 billion, a decline of 23.6 per cent in the same year; on the other hand, the decline in the gross profit rate of the company, as a result of a more marked increase in the operating costs of the business predominantly based on community development and operation, amounted to $78.03 billion, a 38.9 per cent increase in the same year, and the decline in the net profit rate was subject to an increase in sales costs, impairment of other receivables, inventory.
We believe that the impairment treatment of receivables and the impact of the disposition of shares on the company’s net profits are temporary and are expected to recover in the future. The gross profit rate continues to decline or is due to the company’s influence on the carry-over of high-value projects in 2015 and 2016, leading to Maori.
For the second year in a row, the rate of lubricant falls, but the rapid rise in operating costs is alarming. Thirdly, the ability to finance is the greatest advantage, the three-way red line index is the full green line, the ability to finance is the greatest advantage in the marketplace, and the company's three-way red line is the full green line, and the interest-bearing liability is well increased.
In terms of financing, in 2020, due to the impact of the epidemic, the marginal easing of the financing environment, the business community actively seized the opportunity, opened up the financing process directly, rolling out products such as super-short-term vouchers, medium-term notes, etc., with a cumulative total of $20.65 billion, all of which were higher interest rates in the market during the same period, effectively controlling the increase in the cost of corporate capital.
Effectiveness, through initiatives such as optimizing debt varieties and increasing the application of supply chain products, the average annual financing cost was 4.7 per cent, compared with 2019, when the interest-bearing liability of the merchants expired within one year amounted to $60.5 billion, or 37.4 per cent, depending on the maturity of the debt, but the short cash debt after deducting restricted funds was still 1.2 times higher, the available currency was abundant and the short-term debt service risk was high.
In addition, the asset and liability rate of the company after the withdrawal of the advance payment was 58.8% and the net liability was 28.8%, well below not only the three lines of red line requirements, but also the industry average. Overall, the short-term risks of the merchants are manageable, and the three indicators of red line are all green, providing ample space for growth in the size of the company ' s interest-bearing liabilities and laying the groundwork for long-term development.
This report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the GWK, which includes, but is not limited to, a wide range of channels such as corporate publicity, housing sector websites, Internet access, but which does not guarantee the complete accuracy and completeness of the information contained in it. For reasons of time and calibre, the content of this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, for which the GWK is concerned, and for which the GWL is concerned.
The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to business operations. In any event, the information or views expressed in this report do not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual.
The information contained in this report, the tools, the opinions and the property rights of this report are in the hundreds of thousands of Han think tanks.