Rating
Date
Company
Hengrui Medicine
Buy
Company Update
Asia
China
Reuters
Bloomberg
Exchange
Ticker
Health Care
600276.SS
600276 CH
SHH
Pharmaceuticals /
Biotechnology
Updates on middle/late-stage pipeline
Valuation & Risks
Jack Hu, PhD
Multiple catalysts ahead; late-stage pipeline represents 17% market cap by DBe
We update pipeline progress following the meeting with Chairman Sun. Major
Research Analyst
catalysts are: 1) approval of 19K and Abraxane generic by YE17; 2) resubmission
of retagliptin in the near term; 3) clarity on pyrotinib development, including
an earlier submission of marketing approval; 4) updates on clinical progress
Price/price relative
for camrelizumab; and 5) phase 3 data release on Incyte's ECHO-301. We also
highlight potential upside from additional US IND approval and clinical progress
of its novel compounds in the US. Our NPV analysis indicated the pipeline value
is RMB9.2 per share. This comprehensive report includes key ongoing clinical
studies for all mid/late study compounds, as well as competitors' studies.
- Hengrui Medicine
Shanghai Composite (Rebased)
Camrelizumab as the largest driver; IDO inhibitor provides significant upside
We have updated our peak sales for camrelizumab to RMB5-6bn in China and
increased the probability of success to 75-85%, based on the strong ORR data
from the phase 1 study. Four registration trials are being conducted at present.
We expect Hengrui to get the first domestic PD-1 approval, with safe data from
sufficient number of patients required by the CFDA. Additionally, we expect IND
approval for its IDO inhibitor from CFDA in the near term, following US IND
approval in May. We believe it would be significantly positive to the IO franchise
and we forecast RMB3-4bn peak sales for the IDO inhibitor.
DB proprietary patient-based PD-1/PD-L1 model
Related Reports
Our model indicates that the addressable market for PD-1/PD-L1 would be
China Watch P263 - PD-1/PD-L1 patient-
RMB19bn in China in 2017 and RMB29bn in 2030, representing a CAGR of 15%.
NSCLC and GC are likely to be the largest indications due to a large patient base
Hengrui - Take-aways from Chairman
and unmet medical need. Our model is based on 14 tumor types, including the
Hengrui - The PD 1 race continues, 9 Jun
approved indications and major indications being investigated. Among domestic
names, we identified six companies that are conducting late stage studies for
Hengrui - Camrelizumab Phase 1 data
their PD-1/PD-L1 with Hengrui being the leader.
released; IDO US IND approved, 18 May
Valuation and risks
Hengrui - Revising estimates due to pipeline
Our current valuation for the late stage pipeline represents 17% of the market cap,
Hengrui - Deep dive into late stage pipeline,
vs. 15% as of our first attempt in September 2016. Our TP of RMB58.5 is based
on 42x 2018E EPS. We believe 42x is justified, as A-share peers are trading at 29x
China Watch P260 - ASCO take-aways:
with 18% EPS growth in 2017 (vs. the 24% we model for Hengrui). We believe
the premium is justified, given the top China pipeline, major upside from exports
and the potential earnings growth acceleration driven by blockbuster launches.
Key risks include product launch delays and price cuts.
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Late-stage pipeline
analysis
Revisiting our estimates to reflect recent updates
Our updated valuation for the late-stage pipeline represents 17% of the market
cap, vs. 15% when we first attempted to value Hengrui's late-stage pipeline. We
summarize the key changes to our estimates on Hengrui's pipeline below.
We increased our peak sales estimate for camrelizumab to RMB5-6bn
from RMB1.2-1.8bn as we expect substantial opportunities for China-
specific unmet medical needs, such as LC, GC and EC. Our POS is also
revised to 75-85% from 60-70%, as the company is already conducting
four registration trials with initial encouraging data.
We added SHR9146, an IDO inhibitor, to our analysis. While the drug
is pending clinical trial approval by CFDA, it has already received IND
approval from the US FDA. If successful, we estimate peak sales to be
RMB3-4bn. We believe this will be a significant value driver going forward.
We increased our peak sales estimate for pyrotinib to RMB2-2.8bn from
RMB1.2-1.6bn, Our POS is also revised to 85-95% from 80-90% as we
anticipate Hengrui to file production approval to the CFDA, based on
phase 2 data. We expect better efficacy data vs. T-DM1.
For henagliflozin, we revised our POS to 85-95% from 75-85% as the
company initiated a phase 3 study in May 2017.
For hetrombopag olamine, we increased our POS to 80-90% from 70-80%,
as the company moved the drug into a phase 3 study in July 2017, based
on public records.
We added SHR4640 to our analysis. As an URAT1 inhibitor, a phase 2 trial
is being conducted for this drug in the treatment of gout.
We increased our peak sales estimate to RMB2.5-3bn from RMB2-2.5bn
as we are more upbeat on the growth outlook on COPD therapeutics.
We removed Exforge generic from the model as we are unable to identify
a new BE study after the withdrawal of the application.
We now model NPV of RMB9.2 per share from these potential
blockbusters, vs. RMB7.3 previously in November 2016 and RMB6.8 at
first in September 2016. We summarize our estimates in the following
exhibits.
Despite the aforementioned efforts, we still believe we undervalued Hengrui's
pipeline because: 1) we did not model any early stage pipeline compounds, 2)
we did not model global opportunities for three drugs in early development in the
US, especially SHR-1314, which would be likely to become the third to market
IL-17 in the US, 3) we did not model US ANDA generic opportunities but expect
significant upside as it is highly likely Hengrui would address billion-dollar market
opportunities dominated by branded innovative drugs.
We highlight the innovative drugs developed by Hengrui in the following exhibit.
Camrelizumab: the largest value driver in the pipeline
We highlight camrelizumab (SHR1210) is the top priority for the pipeline of
Hengrui. There are four registration studies being conducted at present, including
study for relapsed/refractory esophageal cancer, and a P2/3 study for relapsed/
refractory liver cancer.
These data suggest Hengrui has the largest PD-1 clinical program among all
domestic players. Recall recently that CFDA articulated a willingness to approve
IO drugs based on a single arm P2 study; however, CFDA also made it clear the
approval would also require sufficient safe data from a large number of patients.
patients from all ongoing P2/3 studies.
We continue to think that Hengrui is likely to be the first domestic company to
launch PD-1 in China. Among domestic competitors, Beigene entered cHL in April
2017 with a P2 study scheduled to enroll 68 patients (60 in China and the rest
in South Korea) among 17 sites (14 in China), while another compound, IBI308,
entered P2 in April, as well as targeting 90 patients among 29 hospitals. For
global companies, we highlight two PD-1 mAbs, pembrolizumab from Merck and
nivolumab from BMS, are in phase 3 while two PD-L1 mAbs, atezolizumab from
Roche and durvalumab from AZN, are in phase 3 in China. We summarize all
ongoing trials of the aforementioned drugs below.
Figure 4: Ongoing trials for JS001 by Shanghai Junshi
Figure 5: Ongoing trials for BGB-A317 by BeiGene/ Celgene
Figure 6: Ongoing trials for IBI308 by Innovent
Figure 7: Ongoing trials for GLS-010 by Gloria Pharma
Figure 8: Ongoing trials for KN035 by Alphamab
Source: Deutsche Bank, chinadrugtrials.org.cn
Figure 9: Ongoing trials for Nivolumab/BMS-936558 by BMS
Figure 10: Ongoing trials for Pembrolizumab/MK-3475 by Merck
Figure 11: Ongoing trials for Atezolizumab/MPDL3280A by Roche
Figure 12: Ongoing trials for Durvalumab/MEDI4736 by AstraZeneca
Diabetes
The company has several innovative compounds being developed for diabetes in
its pipeline. The lead compound is retagliptin, a DPP4 inhibitor, and we expect the
company to resubmit its application in the near term. Additionally, the company
started a phase 3 study for henagliflozin, a SGLT2 inhibitor. We believe the
inhibitor and SGLT2 inhibitor.
Additionally, according to clinicaltrial gov, there are three clinical studies
conducted by Hengrui for PEX168, a GLP-1 agonist. However, public records
indicated that the clinical trial approval for PEX168 belongs to Jiangsu Hansoh
and Jiangsu Hansoh is also conducting late stage trials for the drug. We expect
more clarity for the development of this program in the near term. We summarize
the ongoing trials by Hengrui and its major competitors below.
Figure 16: Late-stage ongoing trials by competitors in China
TKI (tyrosine kinase inhibitor)
We continue to expect indication expansion opportunities for apatinib, including
major cancer types such as NSCLC and liver cancer. Hengrui is currently
conducting phase 3 trials for these two indications. Additionally, we believe
pyrotinib is likely to be a key focus in the next few years as a differentiated
therapeutics with better efficacy/ AE profile vs. available drugs. It is likely that
the company would file production approval for pyrotinib based on phase 2 data,
and it might be the first Chinese oncology drug approved based on P2 data. We
summarize the ongoing trials for apatinib, pyrotinib and their key competitors
below.
Central Nervous System
Remimazolam tosilate is a GABA receptor agonist applied to general anesthesia.
Both the efficacy and safety of remimazolam tosilate are expected to be prior
to midazolam and propofol. Given that the domestic analgesics drugs market in
China is dominated by Hengrui, Humanwell and NHWA, we see good potential
of remimazolam tosilate. We highlight that Hengrui received phase 3 clinical
trial approval from CFDA this June, while Humanwell is doing phase 1 study for
remimazolam.
We summarize the major analgesics by Hengrui and competitors as follows.
Source: Deutsche Bank, chinadrugtrials.org.cn
We also summarize the ongoing trials for other innovative drugs from Hengrui
below; however, the majority of these drugs are still in early stage trials.
Generic drugs
The company has a decent pipeline of generic drugs covering a number of
therapeutic areas. We highlight the following key generic drugs.
Abraxane generic: the company is competing with CSPC being FTM
for this drug. We assign 60% probability on simultaneous approval of
nabpaclitaxel from Hengrui and CSPC, as a bear case scenario is now less
likely for either company. We expect Hengrui to grab the majority of the
market share and forecast peak sales of RMB1.0-1.2bn.
Advair generic: we expect the drug could reach peak sales of
RMB2.5-3.0bn if the company is able to launch it. However, due to
technical barriers, we assign a POS of 55-65% at present. We also believe
SBP might be ahead of Hengrui for this drug.
Cialis generic: the company started a BE study in Feb 2017 and we expect
resubmission of the drug in the near term. We forecast peak sales of
RMB1.0-1.4bn.
Celebrex generic: a BE study was completed in June 2017 and we expect
resubmission soon. We estimate peak sales to be RMB1-1.5bn.
Lyrica generic: a phase 1 study is being conducted and we forecast peak
sales to be RMB1.2-1.8bn.
We summarize the trials of key generics from Hengrui and some of its key
competitors below.
Figure 23: Ongoing trials by competitors for key generic drugs
We summarize the ongoing trials for other generics of Hengrui below.
PD-1/ PD-L1 patient-based
model for China
Summary of PD-1/ PD-L1 theoretical market size
We summarize the overall PD-1/PD-L1 market in China as below. Our forecast is
based on market breakdown of first line/ second line and beyond patient-based
model of 14 cancer types.
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Key assumptions of the model
Assume 75% discount vs. US pricing and NRDL inclusion
Executives engaged in late stage PD-1 studies believe that the government is likely
to accept a 50% price cut of PD-1 global pricing as an entry point for inclusion
in the NRDL, based on our initial discussion with them. As such, a listed price
of RMB250,000 per year is likely for domestic PD-1, translating into an effective
pricing of RMB125,000 for six-month therapy with additional courses for free. We
model each indication based on the aforementioned prices with RMB125,000 as
a price ceiling per patient regardless of treatment duration.
Treatment ratio and affordability
To start, we believe a treatment ratio of 20% could be reasonable as the number
represents the entire urban population.
These assumptions are the largest variables with the highest uncertainty. We do
not claim to have a crystal ball, while only listing our assumptions in the following
so that buyside could stand on our shoulder to make different but appropriate
assumptions.
We assume 20% treatment ratio for new cancer patients of each indication,
started from 1.4bn population and incidence ratios.
We examined distribution of population covered by three main insurance
schemes, distribution of respectively funding consumed, as well as the
source of funding. We highlight that urban employees, which represented
only 21% population, consumed 62% of the entire insurance funding,
as such, we believe a 30% treatment ratio is appropriate to start with,
assuming another 10% population would be covered (which would
consume the rest 38% of the insurance funding)
We shave off 1/3 of the aforementioned numbers to arrive 20% treatment
ratio, based on our belief that these pricy oncology drugs would have
a quota system set up by the government payors. Recently, we have
learned that it is likely a quota system would be introduced, for those
drugs included in the new NRDL through negotiation.
Pharmaceuticals / Biotechnology
Hengrui Medicine
We believe 60% affordability ratio is a reasonable starting point, as we assume
patients would have to pay at least 20% out-of-pocket fees, which include
an additional RMB25,000 (assume RMB125,000 effective price per treatment
course) on top of the entire expenses for a complete cancer treatment.
A recent survey included 14,594 cancer patients in China, who received
treatment between 2012-2014. The results indicated that average
spending for a cancer patient is USD9,739, vs. annual household income
of USD8,607. Assuming a USDCNY rate of 7, this represents treatment
expense of RMB68,173 per annum. Additionally, the survey indicated
that self-pay is about 78.8%, translating into out-of-pocket payment of
RMB54,000. (HY Huang et al, Chin J Cancer (2017), 36:41)
We assume an additional RMB25,000 price tag would reduce the
available number of patients by 1/3, which ends with approximately 67%
affordability ratio.
tier 1 hospitals from 13 provinces. Recall our previous assumption for
treatment ratio include patients from rural area, which may not have the
same household income.
Duration of therapy
We generally use clinical data from US pivotal studies. However we adjusted key
data based on feedback we received from physicians so far, including:
months demonstrated in KN-024 (pembrolizumab P3 study). We have
learned that response rate is lower at EGFR- patients from PD-1/chemo
combo vs. US studies (for all comers). While we are not sure whether ORR
would be much different in PD-L1 high level patients, we lower duration
of treatment in order to be cautious
We reduce duration of treatment to 4 months for 1L melanoma, from
(nivolumab). We have learned that ORR ranges from 20-25% among
Chinese melanoma patients, vs. 35-40% in US patients. We highlight
the difference resides in disease histology and etiology. (please see our
reported published on June 7, ASCO take-aways: physician feedback on
IO Chinese studies)
We await further clarity on key Chinese studies on GC, NSCLC and HCC to further
adjust this assumption.
Available number of patients for 1L vs. 2L/2L+ therapy
In our view, it is unlikely 100% 2L patients would receive PD-1/PDL1 again after
they receive these drugs as 1L therapy. While we realize the market opportunity
would be artificially lower than actual size by assuming a fraction of 2L patients
as available patients for IO therapy, our objective is to assess a proper overall
market size. This is the largest difference between our model vs. US model.
expressors among Asian GC patients (Liu et al, Onco Targets Ther
(2016) 9: 2649-54). As such, we assume 100% treatment ratio for all
high expressors and 60% for non/low expressors. Additionally, we only
assume 44% of the patients would receive PD-1 in 2L therapy, as 1)
aforementioned assumptions leave 20% GC patients as IO naïve for 2L;
2) we assume 30% patients that received 1L PD-1/PD-L1 would receive
these drugs again in 2L.
expressors, while assuming 51% treatment ratio for 2L patients because
1) our assumptions for 1L leave 30% patients as IO naïve for 2L; 2) we
assume 30% patients that received 1L PD-1/PD-L1 would receive these
drugs again in 2L.
(2) Concer Statistics in China, 2015
(3) Approminable y Doby of patients have locally advanced or metastatic disease at diagnosis (SERR database)
(4) Approminable y SON are BP-LL high expressors, Onco Targets Ther (2016)
(7) Based on the median PFS of 6.6 months for Keytruda in KN059 cohort 2 (8) An estimated 30% of patients in the US and Europe and 70-80% in Japan
(9) Based on the median PFS of 2.0 months for Keytruda in KN059 cohor
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company data
(6) Deutsche Bank estimates
(9) Wedian PFS was 10.3 months for Keyrtuda in KN024, however we estimate response rate of Chinese patients from 11 NSCL PD-1/chemo-combo study in EGFR patients is much lower than reported US data, as such we reduced durat
uda in KN010, 3.0 months for Opdivo in two trials, and 3.7 months for Tecentriq
(12) Based on the median duration of exposure of 3.5 months for Keytn
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company data
(11) Deutsche Bank estimates
(8) Deutsche Bank estimates
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company data
in KNO22 and 3.5 months for Tecentriq in Mulgar210 (cohort 1)
line threapy for metastatic underlial carcinoma of the bladder. Unlogic Oncology, 2011)
in threapy for copology, 2011)
and the same of the copology, 2011 and 3.
(5) Deutsche Bank estimates(5) Based on the mediain duration of exposure of 2.8 months for Keytruda(7) An estimated 20% of patients require 2.1 treatment (First- and second-(8) Based on the median duration of exposure o
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company data
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company data
(if Destrothe Bask estimates(§) An estimated 20% of the perfect experience progression within two years of initial chemoimmunotherapy (Journal of Clinical Oncology, 2015)(9) Restroinders assumption perfecting by State fr
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company data
(2) Cancer Statistics in China, 2015(3) Deutsche Bank estimates
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company data
Source: Deutsche Bank, Company data
Outlook of PD-1/PD-L1 treatment
The PD-1 (programmed cell death-1) receptor and ligands PD-L1/PD-L2 belong to
the family of immune checkpoint proteins, which can halt or limit the development
of the T cell response. PD1/PD-L1 interaction ensures that the immune system
is activated only at the appropriate time in order to minimize the possibility of
chronic autoimmune inflammation.
The PD1/PD-L1 pathway represents an adaptive immune resistance mechanism
that is exerted by tumor cells in response to endogenous anti-tumor activity.
Two cancer immunotherapy agents targeting the PD-1 receptor has been
agents produced high complete response or partial response in numerous tumors.
Three PD-L1 therapies have been approved by FDA, based on significant clinical
benefits in the immuno-oncology space.
Overall high response rate vs. other therapies
Anti-PD-1/ PD-L1 therapies stands out from the traditional anti-tumor inhibitors
on the back of superior ORR (overall response rate), duration of response and
moderate safety profile. We summarize the ORR rates for different tumor types
udner PD-1/PD-L1 therapies as below. Notably, melanoma has the highest ORR
with c. 43%, compared to average ORR of 20% for all tumors.
Source: Deutsche Bank. Company data
PD-1/ PD-L1 pathway future to IO treatments
As of FY2016, Rituxan, Revlimid and Avastin are the top 3 best-selling oncology
drugs based on worldwide sales data. Top three blockbusters achieved total
oncology drugs, three of them are from the PD-1/PD-L1 class, despite their relative
new appearance and approval. Evaluate Pharma projected that five checkpoint
inhibitors will be among top 20 best-sellers by 2022E, which are Opdivo, Keytruda,
Tecentriq, Yervoy and Imfinzi. Estimated sales for Opdivo, Keytruda and Yervoy
in 2022E are USD11.2bn/8.0bn/2.7bn respectively, implying CAGR 2016-22E of
15%, 34%, 17%.
The overall cancer/ immuno-oncology market is expected to surpass USD34bn
in 2024E, with checkpoint inhibitors leading the future treatment algorithms.
We summarize below the top 6 checkpoint inhibitors based on projected
2022E global sales. Among them, two PD-1 inhibitors (Opdivo and Keytruda)
captured accounted for USD19bn market size, followed by three PD-L1 inhibitors
and PD-L1 inhibitors are likely to become one of the mainstream treatment
algorithms for cancer and auto-immune diseases given its superior clinical
efficacy, and decent safety profile.
PD-1/ PD-L1 ongoing trials in China
As of June 2017, 6 compounds developed by domestic companies were
undergoing clinical trials, and 1 compound yet to start patients enrollment after
obtaining approval. Among them, Hengrui, Shanghai Junshi pharma and BeiGene
(camrelizumab), JS001 and BGB-A317 respectively.
SHR-1210/ camrelizumab (Hengrui)
SHR-1210 is a humanized anti-PD-1 lgG4 antibody that blocks the binding of
patients were treated with SHR-1210 at 3 dose levels and schedules: 60 mg Q2W
patients received > 2 cycles (each cycle was 28 days) while 36/58 patients were
receiving ongoing treatment at the time of abstract preparation.
SHR-1210 displayed decent safety profile, as the most common AEs are reactive
capillary hemangiomas (79.3%), hypothyroidism (29.3%), pruritus (19.0%) and
elevated transaminase (13.8%). Among the 46 cases of hemangiomas, only
5 patients were with grade 2, and others evaluated as grade 1. Potentially
serious AEs related to camrelizumab include acute exacerbation of chronic
obstructive pulmonary diseases, elevated cardiac troponin, thrombocytopenia
and neutropenia. Overall, the objective response rate (ORR) stood at 31.0%, with
a disease control rate of 46.5%. As for tumor response, zero patients had CR
(compete response), while eighteen patients had PR (partial response), including
10 esophageal squamous cell carcinoma patients (10/29), three gastric cancer
patients (3/8), one lung cancer patient (1/3), one nasopharynx cancer patient (1/3),
one hepatocellular carcinoma patient (1/3), one colorectal carcinoma patient (1/3),
and one bladder cancer patient (1/1).
We summarize the ongoing trials for SHR-1210 in the following table.
JS001 (Shanghai Junshi Pharma)
JS001 is a humanized anti-PD-1 IgG4K antibody that blocks PD-1 interactions
patients were enrolled for 3 indications (melanoma, n=22/ UC, n=9/ RCC, n=5).
JS001 displayed superior safety and tolerability profile, as the most common
treatment-related AEs were of grade 1/2, including hyper-thyroidism (42%), rash
(39%), fever (28%), leukopenia (22%) and elevation of liver enzymes (19%).
Grade 3 AEs include proteinuria (n = 1), and elevated lipase (n = 2). Company
highlighted that emergence of AEs is not dose related. Its PK analysis showed
evaluable patients, one melanoma patient has complete response, 7 have partial
response, and 10 patients achieved stable disease, registering an ORR of 23%
and a DCR of 53%. Notably, two groups benefited most from JS001 treatment,
patients with high tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL) (50% ORR) and subjects
with > 1% PD-L1 expression in tumor biopsy (46% ORR). Phase 1 study suggests
that JS001 demonstrated promising anti-tumor activity, especially in previously
under-evaluated acral and mucosal melanomas.
We summarize the ongoing trials for JS001 as below.
BGB-A317 (co-developed by BeiGene and Celgene)
BGB-A317, a humanized IgG4 variant monoclonal antibody engineered to have no
Fc gamma receptor binding, targets the programmed cell death-1 (PD-1) receptor.
mg IV Q3W. The Phase 1/1b study is designed to evaluate the efficacy of combo
therapy of BGB-A317 and BGB-290 (a potent inhibitor of PARP 1/2) in patients
with advanced solid tumors. Upon completion of the trial, further investigation
on indication expansion into ovarian, breast, prostate, gastric, bladder, pancreatic
and small cell lung cancers is expected to commence.
According to the ASCO abstract 3013, both compounds displayed solid safety
profile, as the most common AEs were fatigue and nausea . Immune-related AEs
were grade 3 hypophysitis (n = 1), grade 3/4 autoimmune hepatitis (n = 2), and
grade 2 elevated AST/ALT (n = 1). Decreases in tumor burden have been observed
in 16 subjects; 7 achieved PR (5 with ovarian cancer, one each for uterine and
pancreatic cancer) and one CR was observed in ovarian cancer.
We summarize the ongoing trials for BGB-A317 as below.
IBI308 (Innovent Biologics)
IBI308 is a monoclonal antibody developed for tumor immunotherapy, with R&D
and commercialization collaboration with Eli Lilly. As of July 2017, four trials
are being conducted in China for IBI308, with NSCLC in Phase 3, followed by
recurrent/ refractory cHL and esophageal cancer in Phase 2 status. We summarize
the current clinical trials on IBI308 as below.
We also listed the other three PD-1/PD-L1 drugs undergoing clinical trials, from
domestic companies including Gloria Pharma (co-develop with Wuxi AppTec),
Alphamab, and Gener Bio. PD-1 compounds GLS-010 and KN035 are both
targeting advanced solid tumor, in open-label, single arm Phase 1 trial setting.
As for GB226 from Genor Bio, the company obtained clinical trial approval in Dec
2016, but is yet to start patient enrollment.
We summarize PD-1/PD-L1 drug trials developed by global players as below.
Figure 49: Summary of ongoing PD-1/PD-L1 clinical trials (global companies)
Approved PD-1/PD-L1 drugs and indications from MNCs
We summarize the internationally approved PD-1/PD-L1 compounds with
corresponding tumor types and clinical trial efficacy details in the following tables.
Notably, Opdivo and Keytruda has 7/6 approved tumor indications respectively,
as the first two launched PD-1 inhibitors. Tecentriq is the first anti-PD-L1 agent
with two approved cancer indications, Bavancio/Imfinzi have 2/1 approved tumor
indications respectively.
We summarize the approved five IO treatments with corresponding indications
and lines of therapy as below:
Opdivo (nivolumab)
Opdivo is a human programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1) blocking antibody. It was
first approved by US FDA for second line and beyond treatment in unresectable or
metastatic melanoma in Dec 2014. The compound received accelerated approval
given superior overall response rate of 32% in advanced melanoma patients that
failed Yervoy treatment previously.
Following the first indication approval in year end 2014, Opdivo expanded
indications to squamous and non-squamous NSCLC, cHL, SCCHN, RCC, UC and
MSI-H cancer. As of July 2017, Bristol is conducting trials in cancers including
SCLC, GC, TNBC, OC, as well as combo therapy with other checkpoint inhibitors
or chemo drugs.
Keytruda (pembrolizumab)
Keytruda is the first anti-PD-1 therapy approved in the US and received FDA's
Breakthrough Therapy designation. It was first approved by the FDA for advance
melanoma indication in Sep 2014. The compound demonstrated significant ORR
of 24% among 89 patients, with one complete response and 20 partial response.
Following the first indication approval, Keytruda successfully expanded to
treatment for NSCLC, SCCHN, UC, cHL and MSI-H cancer. Merck is currently
conducting clinical trials for indication expansion to tumors including SCLC, RCC,
GC and HCC, under monotherapy or combo therapy setting.
Tecentriq (atezolizumab)
Tecentrig is the first PD-L1 inhibitor approved by the US FDA, under accelerated
approval track. It targets the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway (proteins found on the body's
immune cells and some cancer cells). By blocking these interactions, Tecentriq
may help the body's immune system fight cancer cells.
The first indication approved for atezolizumab was urothelial carcinoma/ bladder
cancer for patients that failed platinum-containing chemotherapy. In April 2017,
it was then approved for first line therapy of UC. Meanwhile, Tecentriq also
received approval to second line and beyond treatment of NSCLC in October 2016;
based on significantly enhanced efficacy from 1,137 patients. Roche is currently
conducting clinical trials for indication expansion to cancers including 1L NSCLC,
melanoma, CRC, and TNBC, under monotherapy or combo therapy regimen.
Bavencio (avelumab)
Bavencio is the second approved PD-L1 inhibitor, under accelerated approval
track from the US FDA. Similar to atezolizumab, avelumab is also an immune
checkpoint inhibitor that helps keep the immune system in check. Studies
suggested that Bavencio may also attack tumor cells through a second
mechanism, called antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity.
The first approved indication for avelumab is Metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma
(MCC), which demonstrated statistically-significant improved response rate with
decent safety/ tolerance. FDA granted Bavencio the second indication of UC
in May 2017, in second line treatment setting. The PD-L1 inhibitor is currently
undergoing clinical trials for tumors including NSCLC, GC, RCC and OC, under
monotherapy or combo therapy setting.
Imfinzi (durvalumab)
Imfinzi, a human mAb directed against PD-L1, targets to block the interaction
of PD-L1 with PD-1 and CD80. Durvalumabis currently undergoing clinical
investigation in the Phase 3 DANUBE trial as first-line treatment in urothelial
carcinoma as monotherapy and in combination with tremelimumab. AstraZeneca
is also conducting additional studies on efficacy of durvalumab in indication
expansion to tumors including SCCHN, HCC, NSCLC, GC and TNBC, as both
monotherapy and combo therapy regimen.
Hengrui Medicine
Reuters: 600276.SS
Bloomberg: 600276 CH
Buy
Company Profile
and its headquarters is in Lianyungang, Jiangsu province. The
company is primarily involved in the manufacture and R&D
of drugs, including those for oncology, muscle relaxation and
anesthetics, contrast agents, electrolytes, and anti-infective drugs.
Apart from its domestic business, Hengrui exports drugs to the
US, Europe, and other countries.
Jack Hu, PhD
Source: Company data, Deutsche Securities estimates
Important Disclosures
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any
compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Jack Hu
Historical recommendations and target price. Hengrui Medicine (600276.SS)
(as of 08/11/2017)
Current Recommendations
Buy
Hold
Sell
Not Rated
Deutsche Bank
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 60,00 Jack Hu, Ph.D.
04/13/2017
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 63,50 Jack Hu, Ph.D
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 65,00 Jack Hu, Ph.D
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 70,00 Jack Hu, Ph.D
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 58,50 Jack Hu, Ph.D
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Equity Rating Key
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total share-holder
return (TSR = percentage change in share price from current
price to projected target price plus pro-jected dividend yield),
we recommend that investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-holder
return, we recommend that investors sell the stock.
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and,
based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a Buy
or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target prices
supersede previously published research.
Pharmaceuticals / Biotechnology
Hengrui Medicine
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of these websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report,
or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche Bank may
act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken
in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked
analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ
from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies or otherwise.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts are
paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading
and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes
have shorter-term trade ideas that are consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term ratings. Trade
by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or sector delineated over a time frame of no
less than two weeks. In addition to SOLAR ideas, the analysts named in this report may from time to time discuss with
our clients, Deutsche Bank salespersons and Deutsche Bank traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts
or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report,
which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as
described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient
thereof if any opinion, forecast or estimate contained herein changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate. Coverage and
the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company specific economic prospects make it
difficult to update research at defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst concerned or of
the Research Department Management and as such the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report
is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial
situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments
or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst’s
judgment. The financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors and investors must make
their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to change without
notice and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial
instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely
affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Unless otherwise indicated, prices
are current as of the end of the previous trading session, and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg
and other vendors. Data is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and in some cases, other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business areas divisions of the Bank. Details regarding
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect
to our research is available on our website under Disclaimer found on the Legal tab.
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash flows),
increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a loss.
The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency convertibility
(which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or the liquidation of positions), and settlement issues
related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of fixed income instruments
to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX depreciation, or to
specified interest rates - these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the index fixings may -- by
construction -- lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of the
proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed to
a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. It is also important to acknowledge
that funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Naturally,
options on swaps (swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.
The appropriateness or otherwise of these products for use by investors is dependent on the investors' own circumstances
including their tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities, and as such,
investors should take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the
contents of this publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a
result of the high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater
than the amount of funds initially deposited. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable for all investors. Prior
to buying or selling an option investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options", at http://
your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: ( i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; ( ii) the value of currencies may be affected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed
exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://
gm.db.com/equities under the "Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this
information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and all affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you, any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information
provided in the materials attached hereto. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as Your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading
strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or account
type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making
Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially sophisticated,
who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions
and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of its products
Pharmaceuticals / Biotechnology
Hengrui Medicine
and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask
that you inform us immediately.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and SIPC.
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany's Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited.
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Pvt Ltd, which is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI)
as a stock broker. Research Analyst SEBI Registration Number is INH000001741. DEIPL may have received administrative
warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type
II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved
in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the
transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result
of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from
foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice,
products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal
and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before
deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures,
prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not
registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the name of the entity.
Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with
the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according
to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based
on a 12-month forecast period.
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).
Singapore: by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (One Raffles
Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising
from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated in Singapore to a person who is not an
accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and regulations),
they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research
may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent.
Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be
Pharmaceuticals / Biotechnology
Hengrui Medicine
construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Taipei Branch
may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities that fall within
the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West
Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial
products or services are only available to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory
Authority.
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company, (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by
the Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may only undertake the financial services activities that
fall within the scope of its existing CMA license. Principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District, P.O. Box 301809, Faisaliah Tower - 17th Floor, 11372 Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International
Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by
Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as defined by the
Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please
research-information.html
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Head of APAC Research
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Economics
Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Anthony Klarman
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
Head of Research - Germany
and QIS Research
International locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank Place
Filiale Hongkong
2-11-1 Nagatacho
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Germany
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America