Research on technology (6880808) Cost of memory interfaces up, server field multiple layouts - in-depth studies on technology (6880808)
The memory interface chip is a global leader, surpassing its rival global counterpart, and the company's deep-deep interconnection chip market has been a industry leader for over a decade, and has become the world's leading giant, with its main rivals being Rambus and Rambus.
Due to the risks of acquisition and departure of core members, political uncertainty, and so on, competitiveness in the internal memory chip area is declining, and the potential benefits are expected to be derived from Rambus and the technology that can be used as the only provider of db, except for idt.
The market is growing rapidly, and the ddr5 era boosts performance. The company's memory interface chip business is going to be at a good time:
In terms of volume, it benefits mainly from the size of the server market and the penetration of two single machines, as well as from the increase in the number of memory modules carrying chips in 3ddr5. The increase in the size of the server market benefits mainly from the strong pull of demand for downstream cloud services and the strong push of the upstream supply of cpu.
The number of chips carried by the memory module has been changed from 1+9 to 1+10, and an accompanying simulation chip has been added, with 2-4 chips added to each memory module.
The average price of a company’s product will increase as the share of new product sales increases.
The server area is actively configured to create new business growth poles Change long-term growth, conglomerate diversity overall development 2020.10.30. In addition to the memory interface chip product that fits the server memory module, the company is active in the server area
(a) "Study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation - Science and Technology 6880008: A series of products from the Secrecy Server Platform has been officially produced and a second generation Cpu has recently been marketed;
The server returns to its high profile, and the ddr5 era will help in the new growth of power. Pcie 4.0 retimer of the server signal transmission has also been announced and is expected to be widely used after the launch of the icelakecpu intel;
The ai reasoning chip for cloud-side servers is being developed, and the company is expected to tap deep into the market with its many years of experience in the server market and its rich market resources.
Potential, reaping the revenue dividends of the growth of the server market. 1) Server demand is not as high as expected: 2) ddr5 memory interface chip development is not as advanced as expected: 3) capture server platform markets are not as well developed as expected.
1. Introduction by the Company: The Tremendous 1.1 History: The Heart of the Craft is 16-carrying and the Head of the Memory Interface Chip
Duck was listed, privatized by domestic institutions in 2014 and listed on the Science and Innovation Board in 2019. The company's inner interface chip market has been under cultivation for almost two decades, and the ddr2, ddr3, ddr4 series of high-speed, high-volume memory buffers have been introduced, one of the only three global suppliers of memory interface chips.
Of the company’s products, the current contribution consists of memory interface chips, a scavenging server platform containing the capture server cpu and the mixed memory module, and a future company will launch a pcierenemer chip and a cloud roller.
Chip products. The current main business is memory interface chips, which keep up-to-date at high speeds. 1.2 Financial analysis: memory interface chips are the main source of profit, and the Māori industry is the lead industry in building up a strong profit from technology based on memory interface chips in the main business, with a high Māori low-debt cash flow.
In 2019, the company generated $1.738 billion in sales and $1.721 billion in RAM chips, representing 99.02 per cent of the total. Māori is a symbol of the company’s industrial voice, and the company’s Māori rate has been strong and has continued to rise in recent years, reaching the second quarter of 2020.
The Māori ratio has reached 73.70%. And the Māori rate for other good design firms in the country is much lower than the company’s water level, with 51.63% Māori for top technology and 40.58% for easy innovation in the second quarter of 2020, and a strong firm’s assets and liabilities and a stronger short- and long-term solvency.
The company has sufficient cash flows to guarantee timely access to market opportunities and the creation of new profitable growth points. With a profit-rich memory interface chip operation, technology has accumulated significant funds, and the ratio of money to total assets alone has remained above 80% in the last two years. In the second quarter of 2020, the company owned 73.21.
Billion dollars, or 85.7 per cent of total assets, are sufficient cash flows not only to protect companies from normal day-to-day operations, to boost the resilience of the macro-environment to negative shocks, and to ensure that companies invest in high market returns in a timely manner, which is conducive to further company growth.
Figure 6: Ratio of monetary funds to total assets 1.3 Corporate governance: core staff stable, world-renowned investing companies have been in existence for more than a decade now, with several major changes in the equity structure, listed in the United States and privately owned
The management team has changed slightly since its inception. The Department’s core staff profile is as follows: Yang Chong and M.A. and Ph.D. in Electronics and Computer Engineering, Oregon State University, United States of America.
Fellow of the \triangleright Engineering Association, who worked in chip design and development at companies such as semiconductors in the United States. New Oto technology was created in 1997 and then merged with idt; and technology was created with Stephentai in 2004;
Stephentai, Master of Electronic Engineering, Stanford University, formerly Senior Design Engineer, Sigmaxtechnology, 1995-2003, participated in the creation of the Marvell Science and Technology Group and acted as Director of Engineering Research and Development of the Corporation, and in 2004 created the post-Director and Managing Director of Science and Technology Corporation;
Yamaoka, who was a communications and technology engineer for China, and a design manager for idt-Sinto, joined in 2005 as a limited number of design directors, application directors and vice-presidents of the market;
In 2013, he joined the company with a fragmented equity structure and no real control. The company’s shareholders included 9% of the intel holding the shares.
Capital and Svic, with 1 per cent shares, are subsidiaries of Intel and Samsung, respectively.
Intel is unique in the server cpu market, with more than 90% of the city. The company, as the designer of memory interface chips, needs to work closely with the cpu manufacturer, and the intel, as the company’s second largest shareholder, is extremely beneficial to the company’s business development.
Three stars have the highest market share in the dram field. As a company's important customer, three stars become a company's share, the East can consolidate the company's position as a three-star supplier, with stronger competition than Rambus and idt.
A stable core team contributes to the transmission of technology, smooth business development, and lays the foundation for a firm’s steady growth. There is no real controlr who reduces the risk that corporate interests will flow out and that decision-making will deviate from the company’s own strategy.
The Division has a stable foothold in the market. 1.4 Corporate advantage: scientific research is strong and industry is at the forefront. Since its inception, the company has focused on continuous technological R & D and innovation and now has its own integrated circuit design.
The company developed the 1+9 distributed buffer memory subsystem framework, which is led by the global microelectronics industry.
jedec adopted an international design standard for ddr4lrdim, raising corporate international voice. The subsystem broke through the central architecture design of ddr2, ddr3 and innovatively used a sent-in clock-drive chip (rcd) and a distribution structure layout of 9 data buffer control chip (db), significantly reducing cpu.
The load between the dram particles resolves the contradiction between the large capacity of the memory subsystem and the high speed. As an excellent chip design company, companies have been maintaining high levels of R & D input, with R & D spending on a constant scale of over 15% of operating income.
During the process of technology convergence in the industry, firms are constantly being phased out by the market because technology has not evolved in a timely manner, while strong corporate R & D power is safeguarding them against the industry. In the ddr2 era, there were about 10 global producers of memory interface chips; in the ddr3 era, there were five firms offering the same product; and in the ddr4, the ddr4 era, the same product was available.
Only three of them, Rambus, with only the ability to design rcd, can provide db chips with the only idt and edt that the company, with its high-speed, low-capacity technology with autonomous intellectual property rights, is gradually taking up a major share of the global market, and the industry is well placed.
2. The memory interface chip business, which is expected to continue to grow at full cost, is expected to grow at a high rate over the next few years as the company ' s main business, benefiting mainly from two aspects:
With regard to chip sales, the growth in market size and the double increase in market occupancy are expected to drive the growth of \triangleright chip sales in the near future: one cloud service development has led to a gradual increase in server output.
2 high server numeracy demand led to an increase in the use of single server interface chips, and 3 market competitors benefited from strategic adjustments that contributed to an increase in market share: with regard to prices of products, the growth of corporate unit prices driven by technological upgrading and the ddr5 era.
The newer generation of interface chips will also boost the chip unit price strongly, and the company will benefit from the revenue from the twin increases in chip sales and sales prices in the future.
In 2016, companies accounted for less than 30% of the total, now more than 40% of the total, and the increase in the share reflected the growing competitiveness of companies. After analysing the performance of competitors, we believe that the future market share of technology is increasing.
The rate will increase further, becoming the city’s leading memory interface chip enterprise. Figure 11: Idt’s share in the memory interface market is diminishing.
\triangleright technology and Rambus took over, taking over 70% of the market in 2016, and by 2018 it was almost entangled, showing that idt's ability to adapt to the market is declining.
In early 2019, idt was acquired by Reza, and after it was acquired, the analogue hybrid signal operation had a mutually reinforcing effect with the Mcu in Rissa and the auto sector, while idt's memory interface chip operation was relegated to secondary status. In August 12019, idt's vice-president, Seanfan, who was in charge of the memory interface chip business, joined after he left office.
The core competitiveness of the idt memory interface is that of the personnel, and the departure of idt will result in a certain loss to the idt operation.
During the 202019 period, the market space for the interface chip was reduced by a drop in the volume of goods delivered by the server, adding to the fact that the level of income in 2019 was almost the same as in 2018, while the income from the operation in Rambus increased rapidly, and it continued to contract in 2019.
Figure 12: Quarterly collection of memory interface chips (millions of dollars) Rambus benefited from a decline in the share of the idt market: it is clear from the above graph that since the acquisition of idt by Risa, the collection of RAMbus memory interface chip operations has increased rapidly.
The reason why Rambus will benefit is that: 1idt, like Rambus, was a United States firm before it was acquired by Risa, and the orders of the idt client were more easily transferred to Rambus: after 2seanfan joined the rambus, some of the idt's customers might turn to Rambus as a result; 3 if idt's market share fell,
Downstream customers may be more likely to choose Rambus from the point of view of optimizing the supply chain, otherwise technology’s uniqueness will not be conducive to their own business. This technology will further rob idt of its market share: 1rambus can only supply rcd, but none.
The ddr5 standard will use the 1+10 architecture. The company, as a sponsor of the 1+9 architecture, is expected to continue leading the generation of the ddr5 1+10.2 In addition, the Chinese semiconductor industry is in a state-produced alternative flood.
The company’s market share has increased, and the country’s dram industry is growing rapidly, and the compost has already produced and launched products, and the purple group will build the dram production line. These products have a high probability of using the home-grown interface chip, which will pave the way for technology’s huge future market space.
In summary, due to the risks of acquisition and departure of core members, political uncertainty, etc., competitiveness in the idt internal interface chip area is declining, and Rambus and technology will benefit. With advanced technology, it is expected that technology will continue to expand the market and become the market’s leading memory interface chip firm.
2.2 Market size: downstream market expansion and the rise in product rotation unit prices The upgrading of market space has benefited from a double increase in product demand and prices in terms of the number of servers, single stations, the number of servers in memory and the increase in lrdim penetration, which has resulted from the introduction of different generations and sub-generations
The price increases. We will then analyse each of these factors that affect the market space for memory interfaces. Servers 2.2.1: cloud services are becoming more widely available, server markets are growing in size.
The demand for the device. With downstream demand driven by upstream supply, server output will continue to increase over the next few years. In terms of demand: benefiting from the need to unlock the outbreak, the development of the 5g network, cloud computing is expected to remain high in recent years.
Rapid growth. With the impact of the epidemic, demand for services such as teleworking, online education in schools, etc., has grown significantly, and the need for clothing has increased dramatically, driving up the need for supercomputers in cloud data centres. In addition, the 5g base station is currently under construction, with a huge demand for high-calculative servers.
Applications such as physical networking will generate huge data flows, which will require more economical server support, operators and cloud service providers will enter the phase of extensive data centre construction, and the growth in demand for cloud computing, the main downstream industry for servers, will drive the continued demand for servers.
According to the China Communications Board ' s White Paper on cloud computing development, the global cloud computing market in 2019 was US$ 18,83 billion, and in 2023 it will be more than US$ 350 billion, with an average annual growth rate of 18%. On the supply side: upstream product cpu upgrades will be a powerful boost to rising server demand.
In late 2017, the Intel launched a new version of the server platform with an increase in server sales in 2018. In the third quarter of 2019, the amd launched support.
The pcie 4.0 and second-generation server platform, which registered a positive increase in server sales in the fourth quarter of 2019, saw a decline in short-term stoppages in businesses affected by the epidemic in the first quarter of 2020. With vaccine research advancing and the global epidemic slowing down, server sales are expected to resume their growth faster.
Intel will launch a pcie 4.0 server platform in late 2020 and a pcie 5.0 and ddr5 sapphirerapids in 2021, and amd is expected to launch a state-of-the-art (5nm) and dddr5 server processor zen4genoa in 2022.
The roll-out of section cpu is expected to boost server sales by another wave, and many leading data indicate that the server market is expected to continue to grow: cloud service provider capital expenditure data have increased significantly, signalling an increase in server procurement.
The data centre is an important application area for servers, and the server accounts for the bulk of the data centre’s capital expenditure, and the cloud service provider’s capital expenditure data (capex) reflects the development of the server market. According to public sources, the top four Internet service providers in the United States are Amazon, Microsoft, Google, Facebook.
The book’s capital spending increased by 40% in the first quarter of 2020 over the same period last year, with a significant increase in Microsoft and Amazon, suggesting a significant increase in the purchase of servers in the near future. Intel’s data centre sector has recently seen a significant increase in revenue, with the potential for a global market.
\triangleright server cpu’s share of the market is over 95% monopolized by intel, which is the only source of intelcg.Intel’s data centre (dcg) department has experienced a decline in the same rate of revenue since the third quarter of 2018.
Inteldcg's pick-up data is generally ahead of time, and the server market is expected to grow. And the data collected by Shinyo technology is expected to increase the demand for servers.
Important companies, whose server management series accounts for more than 90% of total operating income, as shown in the figure below, have seen a significant increase throughout the year, despite a recent decline in revenues on a year-on-year basis. Diigimesrearch predicts a combined growth rate of 6.5% in future global server output.
. 2.2.2 Number of memory modules for single machines: the number of modules doubles with the lrdim penetration increase.
data, memory speed and volume size play a very important role in the calculation speed of the server, and one of the most direct and simple ways to improve the server's computing performance is to increase the number of memory modules.
\triangleright quick speed of operation. For example, if the server needs 256g memory, the 16-g memory module will be faster than the 4-64g memory module.
The number of channels added, i.e., increased co-distribution capacity; on the other hand, the increase in the number of memory modules can be redundant and increase operational stability. Most servers have not yet fully plugged in, and the number of single memory modules is still up. cpu supports the number of memory units.
\triangleright has a larger amount of \triangleright, with 16-32 memory modules currently supported by general servers, with 192 of the highest number available, none of the servers are fully plugged in, and there is more room for increasing the number of memory modules. For example, sales
The number of memory modules installed on a single server will increase as the need for server computing, such as cloud services, margin calculations, increases.
Figure 19: The internal structure of the Daler 730 server increased lrdimm penetration and the use of memory interface chips in individual memory modules was increased. The memory modules were divided into udim, rdimm, lrimm:
lrdim, using a "1+9" structure, i.e. 1 rcd chip plus 9 db chip, is more expensive, figure 20: lrdimm 1 sent clock drive chip (rcd)
Rdimm does not use db chips, only 1 rcd chip, which is cheaper than lrdimm, and currently servers on the market mainly use rdimm; Figure 21: rdimm
udim addresses and control signals without bufferors, without rcd and db chips, are low in capacity and frequency and are less expensive. udim is mainly used on desktop computers. The server market currently rarely allows lrdimm to have lower loads and power compared to rdimm and further improves the supportive memory.
. The memory module currently used by the server is mostly rdimm, but with the increase in speed required by the server, the shift to lower energy consumption and higher capacity of the memory module is likely to increase the penetration rate of lrdim. rdim turns to lrdimm, adding nine db chips to each memory module.
In the ddr5 era, there will be more use of memory interface chips for individual memory modules. The ddr5 standard will be based on a structure of 1+10, with an additional db chip per lrdim. In addition, the company is also developing an additional db chip.
Other memory interface chips suitable for ddr5, such as power management chips (pimc), temperature sensors (ts), etc., will further increase the value of individual memory modules in the dddr5 era. Combined with the above analysis, the number of upgraded single server modules required for server computing will increase,
The increase in lrdim penetration, combined with the increased demand for ddr5 chips, will lead to an increase in the number of RAM chips used by single servers in the future. The price of RAM chips has increased steadily in recent years and their prices have been less affected by the price of dram particles, and the price of the dram particles has increased.
The main reason for the low correlation with the price of dram particles is that the memory interface chip is cheaper than the memory module, and therefore the average annual sale price of the memory interface chip by downstream manufacturers is $18.14, which represents a lower share of the sale price of the memory module.
The historical data show that the price of dram granules does not affect the price of RAM chips. As shown in the figure below, prices at the beginning of the year are below the price level.
The average unit price in 2018 was 0.7 dollars higher than in 2017. Moreover, dram prices continued to fall in 2019, while the company ' s Māori rate reached a new high in 2019, confirming the trend in the price of grains stored in dram and in the sale of company products in figure 23: ddr48gb
Figure 22: Price of stored particles in ddr34gb (US$/pole) The real factor influencing the price of the memory interface chip is technology and product overlaps. The unit price of the sale falls each year in the life cycle of a generation of products in the memory interface chips, but as technology overlaps, the introduction of the new product will lead to prices
The prices of the products of the ddr4 generation have been reduced year by year, but the prices of the products of gen1.0, gen1.5, gen2.0, gen2.0 plus have been higher than those of the previous generation. As the figure below shows, the share of the company’s new generation’s products sold has gradually increased, resulting in average sales prices of the company’s products.
A year-on-year rise, and a gradual increase in the share of future sales of new products, will lead to a further increase in the average price of corporate product sales. Currently, corporate products are dominated by ddr4gen 2.0 and gen2plus, with average unit prices higher than in 2019.
2.3 Focused driving force: The Ddr5 era, which opened up new growth in revenue collection, will now enter the dddr5 era with new interface technology, and the RAM chip, which will open up the development opportunities of the Ddr5 era:
Volume: ddr5lrdim interface changed from 1+9 to 1+10, adding one db: in addition to this \triangleright, the company has developed ddr5 packages, increasing the number of chips mounted by a single memory module
Add one power management chip (pmic), temperature sensor (ts) and serial detection chip (spd), spd and ts have a program to be assembled into a chip, thus adding 2-4 chips per memory module;
Prices: As noted earlier, with the introduction of new products, the price of the chip sales has increased by a certain amount, and the price of the ddr5 interface is expected to increase significantly in the future. dddr5 Profile: the dddr series has been updated to the fifth generation, each generation, over 20 years since the launch of the dddr1
Newly accompanied by increased memory density, increased efficiency and lower work voltage. A larger capacity, higher bandwidth and lower power consumption than a ddr4, ddr5 will allow individual memory chips to have a density of 64gbit, four times higher than the 16gbit density of a dddr4, and the sudden length will increase to bl16, storage area.
Counts increased to 32, twice as high as ddr4; minimum rate of 4.8 gbps, 150% of dddr4; transmission buffers and core logic power voltage reduced to 1.1v. ddr5 performance is consistent with growing demand for data operations, high application potential, and major producers are building up
In July 2020, Jedec officially announced the ddr5 memory standard. Between 2018 and 2020, Hercules, Light and Samsung announced the completion of the ddr5 development, which is expected to be achieved over the last two years, in addition to the memory interface chip itself, the company is also actively developing other relevant packages, including serial detection chips.
(spd), Temperature Sensors (ts), Power Management Chips (pmic): \triangleright Serial Detection Chip (spd) is dedicated to memory module eeprom (relayable to create read-only memory)
(c) the ddr5 server memory module power management chip (pmic) is designed for each device on the ddr5 memory module.
Provides a chip for multiple circuits, which is used in an internal storage module with a solution that combines ts and spd on a chip, as this company will be able to supply an additional 2-3 chips on a ddr5 memory module in the future, on average per server.
Ten memory modules calculate that the company ' s future supply value per server will increase by hundreds of yuan. During the first half of 2020, the company revised its design based on client feedback and expected to complete the development of the ddr5 first-generation memory interface and its supporting chip-production chip chips in the second half of 2020.
As noted above, with the advent of the ddr5 era, the company will have the opportunity to increase its prices, while the unit price of new products will rise, and each memory module will add two to four chips.
3. New growth points: the server sector has multiple layouts and is actively building new growth poles. The company's deep-growing servers are actively enriching the company's product lines.
In addition to the product, the company has developed a series of products for the ZNZ server platform and is developing a pcierenemer for the restoration of enhanced server transmissions and an ai reasoning chip for cloud servers.
\triangleright Memory Module. In 2019, the company began a bulk supply of Sinazu server platform products, and in August 2020, it launched the eighth China Electronic Information Fair, which launched its new second generation of Cpu.
Pcletimer is used to assist in the transmission of pcle signals in the server, generate clocks and restore the signal that is lost because of speed of transmission. In the first half of 2020, the company achieved a breakthrough in key core technologies in the field of pcle 4.0 high-speed i/o interfaces, and in October 2020 it announced the completion of the development of a volume version of the chip.
The one-chip project aims to develop chip applications on a new generation of data centre servers to achieve efficient and low \triangleright delayed cloud reasoning artificial intelligence applications.
Figure 28: Incidence of technology products 3.1 Capture of server platforms: high-security server platforms with autonomous intellectual property rights
Concomitant memory module is a high-performance, secure and reliable server platform, particularly for data centres with high data security requirements.Cpu is the company ' s X86 architecture processor, developed by Qinghua and Intel in collaboration with the company, and produced by the company.
The generic cpu core chip is supplied by Intel and consists of reprocessable solids (rcp), which combines the DSS (dsc) technology of the University of Qinghua and enables pre-detection and dynamic security surveillance.
The icmt memory monitoring technology, based on rdimm and lrdimm, has produced two broad series of products: a standard, semi-printed, mixed security memory module (hsdimm) and a streamlined version of a mixed security memory module (hsmdimm-lite), which can provide a more secure and reliable memory solution for high-end server platforms.
Figure 29: Synchronized security memory module Hsdimm: Simplified mixed security memory module hsdimm-lite:
lrdim safe memory module, fully supported rdim secure memory module, supported command/ command/address signal and cross-referenced data
At present, processor hardware security is a major challenge to the data centre. At present, the processor chip has hundreds of billions of transistors, and malignant hardware only requires dozens of transistors.
It can be done. The chip design, manufacture, encapsulation, and testing may introduce a threat at any point, and it may be difficult to regulate it, even if the source code is open, to deal effectively with the chip’s safety. Figure 30: Processor hardware security is difficult to detect.
Since all the data processed at the time of the server's operation are subject to cpu and memory modules, the company's products can be monitored during the system's operation by monitoring the data and comparing the detected data with the processor's instruction manual, any conduct not described in the instruction manual is considered illegal and avoids malicious implantation in the chip production process.
Hardware produces malign directives that will ensure the safety of the system’s operations. Quick cpu has great potential for development: the current server market processor is X86-based and, based on idc 2019 projections, China’s X86 servers will deliver more than 4 million units in 2020 and will continue to be maintained.
At an annual rate of about 10%. It is estimated that China’s x86 server cpu market space is now over 50 billion yuan, based on an intel data centre collection of 180 billion yuan in 2018, and that, in the broader context of national substitution, we believe that the national production server cpu will gradually increase its market share and play the role of Viet Nam.
At the end of the year, the market was dominated by intel with more than 95% of the city’s share of the product.
A good market base based on intel products will have higher market potential. Quick server series are still in the early stages, and companies are actively undertaking R & D upgrades and promotions, and the former market has responded well.
The company's first generation series of cpu has bulk supply capacity, earning $16,272,600 in 2019, an increase of 80.61 per cent over the previous year. As of late 2019, several servers, such as the joint, the Great Wall and others, had adopted Xin-cpu and its system solutions and developed a series of high-performance servers with security control features.
At the same time, the company has been working with the winning software, the Pepsi software, etc., to improve the software and hardware ecology surrounding the capture of servers. In August 2020, the 8th China Electronic Information Fair was launched, and its new generation 2 cpu was released, with the participation of Xinhua San, the Great Wall Super Cloud, Podd, the United Nations, etc.
A number of server manufacturers responded positively. Not only did the capture of the server series have too much product quality, but it also met the growing security needs of the current data centre, which was accompanied by a wave of national production, and the capture of the server platform series is expected to grow rapidly and become public in the coming years.
3.2pcleettimer: The Blue Sea Area, which has wide scope for future development, is also a product of pcie (pci-express) rescheduler chips in the interface area.
The company, as a chip-design company based on the memorybuffer industry, has a better technological and market base for the development of the pcletimmer business. In the future, the pcierettimer will also be an important part of the company’s performance.
The common extended slot is the pcie slot, which is a high-speed serial computer extension bus standard used to connect the main board to high-speed external equipment, including hard disks, visible cards, sound cards, web cards, etc. The majority of the hardware control modules are mounted on one or several pci/pcie devices tree in the form of pcie devices.
pcie has specifications such as x1, x4, x8 and x16, and the slots reflect different lengths in physical form, such as pclex16 and pclex1 on the panel above. The current mainstream gen3.0 pclex1 is 1 gb/s, pclex16 is 16 gb/s. The 4th and 5th generation pcle are the last generation, respectively.
The problem with high bandwidth pcie is that, when transmission is faster and work is more frequent, signal transmission losses increase and transmission distances are shorter, and then the mail must be strengthened using retimer. Retimer is an internal chip with a cdr (data clock recovery) that restores the data.
Retimer, unlike the original signal enhancement, retimmer reconstructs the pre-level signal and then sends it out, generates clocks and restores data. Since the gen3.0 transmission speed has not resulted in a significant increase in signal transmission losses, pcl at gen3.0
Retimer's application space is small, but when pcie 4.0 and pcie 5.0 become mainstream, so will the need for pcie retimmer's application. Several major server producers have announced that they will launch a new version of the pcle configuration server platform in the near future. Intel will launch an appropriate pcle 4.0 eice in the first half of 2021.
The lake server platform was launched in 2021 with a sapphirerapids adapted to pcie 5.0; amd expects to launch a server processor with pclee 5.0 zen4genoa in 2022.
In terms of the pattern of competition, the number of pcierenemer suppliers includes idt, asteralabs, ti, and Taiwan Puri-ky, among others, is small. Of these, asteralabs, ti, and Psu-ky have already produced a pcle 4.0 retimeer, and are developing a pcle 5.0 remiter.
At the beginning of a relatively late firm, the firm demonstrated its own strength in R & D, which was only a quarter behind the competition, and the quality of the product, which was less competitive, was expected to emerge from the 4.0-year competition and to lead the market in the 5.0-year era.
As server platforms are updated over time, server platforms with pcie 4.0 and above will open up huge pcie remiter market spaces, magnifying them as the only domestic firms that benefit from national production policy orientation and are expected to be able to develop 3.3 cloud-endai reasoning chips: a hot competitive market in the server field
In addition to the above-mentioned operations, the company has been working on the development of the ai chip, which is designed to be more efficient for cloud-side data centres than the programmed ai processor chip and the soc chip. As a leading integrated circuit design firm, the company will face even smaller technical barriers to the development of the ai chip and the soc chip.
3.3.1 Artificial intelligence profile: Artificial intelligence is a branch area of computer science that, by simulating and extending the functions of humans and natural intelligence, expands the power boundaries of machines to enable them to achieve, in part or in full, human perception (e.g. vision, voice), cognitive functions
Capable (e.g. natural language understanding), or able to model and solve problems (e.g. machine learning). The sub-hardware chip with artificial intelligence at its core, has experienced a number of ups and downs, continuously upgraded since its inception, and figure 35:i development of the chip
The AIG is the core vehicle for carrying algorithms, generating arithmetic, and enabling intelligence in each application area, which is gradually enriched by the variety of levels required. As the depth of learning algorithms rapidly evolves, each application is increasingly demanding for arithmetic.
, the traditional chip structure cannot meet the need for deep learning for arithmetic, and therefore has the capacity to calculate in parallel, and the artificial intelligence chip capable of expediting the computational processing is generated and rapidly developed: applied to multiple industries, images, voice, data, etc., deployed on cloud ends, terminals or edges, common or specialized structures
The A.I. chips are mainly traditional chips and smart chips, along with bio-brain-induced cones, imitation chips. Traditional chips can cover the basic algorithms needed at the bottom of the A.I. program, but in the chip.
The architecture, performance, etc. cannot adapt to the rapid development of artificial intelligence technology and applications: smart chips are designed for humans in the field of industrial intelligence, both generic and specialized. Common smart chips are universal, flexible in the field of artificial intelligence: special smart chips are designed to respond to specific applications.
Accelerator chips for a given scenario or even for a particular smart algorithm are usually hardwareized for a particular algorithm, usually not dedicated smart chips with a command set or a command set, a relatively simple chip structure and a relatively low technical threshold; they are currently primarily applied to terminals, the main shape.
(Asic) Qualified industry-specific soc cerebral chip
The idea is to use neurological improbative chips designed for neuroprogramming, very fast, very low power, in the theoretical research and development phase. ibm, intel 3.3.nai chips market is developing rapidly.
The size of the ichi market is gradually expanding. According to the projections of trectica, the global market for artificial intelligence chips will grow rapidly over the next few years, from $5.1 billion in 2018 to $72.6 billion in 2025, with an average annual compound growth rate of 46.14%; and the country's iii chip market will also grow rapidly, depending on the production ahead.
The Institute of Industrial Studies has data that the size of our ia chip market will reach 78.5 billion in 2024, and the same rate of increase in recent years will remain at over 40%, higher than the rate of growth in the global market. The various applications of artificial intelligence, spilling from the cloud to the edge, or sinking to the end, cannot be separated from the smart chip.
The current AI applications are increasingly focusing on cloud, edge, and end synergies, and it is difficult for a chip manufacturer to meet the needs of a user simply by providing a certain type of application. Thus, the diversity and competition of chip manufacturers will lead to a rapid growth of the entire artificial intelligence chip industry over the next few years.
The company’s project is a cloud theory chip, and the cloud reasoning chip market is expected to increase in the next few years. According to Sadie’s consultant, the market for cloud proof chip will remain at over 40% per year in 2019-2021.
Quick. By 2021, idc predicts that the server used for reasoning will exceed the server used for training, at 51.3% of the market.
Domestic competitors now include Hua Dynasty, Quixada, Peeta, Alibaba, etc. Companies have now developed an artificial smart algorithm research and evaluation software environment, developed a fpga-based system demonstration and validation platform, and are expected to launch official products in 2022, and are expected to benefit from the dividends of the fast-growing ali market in the future.
With the growth of server markets and the rise in the unit price of technologically iterative products, it is expected to benefit from the revenue dividend from the rise in chip volumes; its strong scientific strength and strong market resources have secured the potential for future growth of the newly developed Seized Server Platform and the pcleretimer product.
Performance projections and core assumptions are as follows:
The increase in rates, the increase in the number of memory modules on single servers, the increase in lrdim penetration with rcd and db prices The size of the server market, driven by downstream cloud computing and upstream cpu product renewal in recent years, will continue to grow, assuming that the size of the server market will grow at the projected level of digitimesresearch.
There are currently only three providers of ddr4 memory interface chips worldwide, which are expected to benefit from the potential strategic shift in the focus of one of the giants, with the acquisition of idt, assuming that the market is rising from the need for server computing, and therefore assuming a staircase break in the number of memory modules on a single server.
On the basis of the above assumptions, the memory interface chip operation is expected to collect 2,116 million United States dollars in 2020-2022.
\triangleright capture server platform development is promising, mainly because of the rigid quality of the product and the increasing demand in recent years.
\triangleright’s safety calls. But the product is still in the roll-out phase, and its harvest is growing rapidly, but it will take some time to make a net profit to the company. In 2019, it was 80.62% more than in 2018.
On the basis of the above assumptions, it is expected to collect $50 million, $100 million, respectively, in 2020-2022; the pclemiter business is one of the company’s priorities, and the server platform’s pcle upgrade is imperative.
So the business also has a large market development space. In late 2019, the company issued a related equity incentive, one of the conditions being that the aggregate sales of gen4pcleretimer at the end of 2021 would be at least $10 million, which we believe is likely to be achieved, considering the company’s R & D and financial strength.
Intel and amd have successively launched a new server, cpu, and we think the business will grow rapidly. Based on the theory that the chip is a key development for the company’s future business, the market space is huge, and is expected to be \triangleright in 2022.
Not 66, 45, 33 times, but still at an undervalued level relative to important domestic design companies, giving the company (1) less than expected demand for servers; 2) less than expected progress in the development of the ddr5 memory interface chip;
3) The market for the capture server platform is not as open as expected; 4) the pcie signal rescheduler product is not sold as expected. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.