A significant improvement in the securities business and a surge in capital replenishment is pending: the company published a quarterly report in 2019, which generated gross operating income of 927 million yuan, an increase of 12.6 per cent over the previous year;
Net profit attributable to the mother is 386 million yuan, an increase of 28.1 per cent from the previous year, corresponding to 0.07 yuan/equity, which is in line with expectations.  Net profit attributable to the mother in the first quarter of 2019 is $386 million, which is in line with expectations: 1) Total income received by the company 2019q1 is +12.6 per cent to 927 million yuan (Run +24.4 per cent), of which revenue from the financial e-commerce services business is accounted for.
Billion yuan (R2B-11.8%), of which management + R & D costs account for 59.5% of total costs, and cost rates fall. Cost structures are expected to be further optimized in the future, depending on the decline in cost ratios.
Against a background of relatively stable commission rates, corporate securities operations are dependent on their capital advantage in terms of flows, the cost advantage of Internet fares, the continuing increase in the market share, the continued realization of customer resource advantage, and the prospect of continued performance improvement in 2019 with the city warming.
In October of that year, the company announced the approval of the Tibetan Eastern Monetary Fund, which marked the company’s official entry into the wider wealth management market, and the launch of the third tier of liquidity realization (formerly sold from the fund to retail certificates), which was largely in line with expectations.
A significant increase in capital strength will further boost the growth of corporate securities, maintain the market leadership of Internet finance platforms in terms of number of users and stickyness, 3) corporate fund-raising license plates, land landings, capital enhancement, and value for companies in wealth management with customer resources, platform systems, etc.
Quarterly reviews: Profit better than expected, three natural core advantages of operating costs, credit recognition, future reversals in fund creation and investment rates, 2018-10-22
Consultants and clients will have a great deal to do in terms of asset allocation.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Securities and fund operations benefit from a warmer market, and profits are expected. Over the long term, the location of public fund plates has led to a clearer development path for corporate wealth management, with a firm view to the prospects for retail wealth management.
East Wu Xinjun, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory committee