Company Review - Non-Bank Financial Industries Brokering Performances are on the rise.
Recently, the company released a quarterly report for 2019.
1. Net profit growth of 28.14 per cent over the same period and sustained growth in performance
The net profit of the mother was 386 million yuan, an increase of 28.14 per cent. The basic eps. 0.07 dollars, an increase of 26.67 per cent in the same year, and the advantage of the user, which is an enabling environment for a 21.08 per cent increase in the average daily stock-base turnover of the city in the first quarter of the quarter, were used to inform the preparation of the present report.
Promotion of companies to achieve net revenue from fees and commissions of $437 million, an increase of 43.15 per cent, ring growth of 37.73 per cent, and an expected increase in the share of municipalities. With respect to interest income, the size and income of the fund's sales operations decreased, and the new Eastern Fiscal Fund expanded its business chain.
In the first quarter of 2019, corporate financial data services, Internet advertising services, financial e-commerce services and other operations achieved cumulative operating income of $321 million, a decline of 12.58 per cent over the same period. The decline in revenue was mainly affected by the decline in revenues from financial e-commerce, i.e., fund sales. Corporate fund sales in the first quarter of 2019.
The daily network has an average of 4.4772 million page views per day, a decrease of 26.20% from the daily average in 2018.
The Division’s operations are expected to benefit from the expansion of the chain of operations, the enrichment of product categories, the upgrading of marketing services, and the promotion of 4), which can be used to redeem and replenish net capital, and to develop with full interest the funds for the operation of Eastern wealth securities and support the development of securities.
The firm is the leading Internet finance platform in the industry, with a significant flow advantage. Business transformation is deepening, and securities are becoming more efficient.
The share of business income has continued to rise. Low-server strategies and flows have been growing rapidly in terms of market share of liquidity. Let's see, good corporate development prospects, combined with company fundamentals and stock price elasticity, we give a “recommended” rating, 2019-2020.