It is hoped that the portfolio will continue to expand the operating funds of its subsidiaries’ Eastern wealth securities.  The company proposes to issue a fungible debt of up to $7.3 billion, and the equity capital is expected to grow further: 1) publics
The Division proposes to issue a total of not more than $7.3 billion in revolving debt to supplement the operating funds of Eastern wealth securities to support their business development and increase their resilience to risk.
(c) Capital financing is proposed for investment projects that include: expansion of two-way operations to raise market shares (not more than RMB 6.5 billion); expansion of portfolio investment operations (not more than RMB 500 million); and replenishment of Eastern wealth and innovative capital to accelerate alternative investment business development (not more than RMB 300 million).
The growth of business requires capital-size support, and companies are in a long period of rapid growth in the number of customers and the size of their operations, and the expansion of securities is expected to accelerate even further as capital capacity increases.  Benefiting from the warming of the market, platform advantages are evident, and portfolio operations have improved significantly since 2019.
There has been a significant increase in liquidity and activity, with improvements in corporate securities brokering, resulting in a net revenue from fees and commissions of between +43.2 and 437 million yuan per year (2019q1 day average stock exchange of +21.1 per cent). To +168 million.
In a relatively stable context, corporate securities operations are dependent on their core flow advantages, the cost advantages of Internet voucher dealers, the rising market share, and the continued realization of customer resource advantages. As the firm’s capital strength rises significantly, performance is expected to enter the accelerated driveway.
In October, the company announced the approval of the Tibetan Eastern Monetary Fund, which marked the formal entry of the company into a more profitable wealth management market and the launch of the third tier of liquidity (formerly sold from the fund to retail securities) and the conversion of funds to corporate shares, which would be used to supplement the operating funds of Eastern wealth securities (proposed replenishment 54).
Year after year: a significant change in the portfolio business, which is driven by increased capital strength, will keep the Internet financial services platform in good use and complement capital stock.
Market leadership in terms of household size and stickyness. 3) Corporate fund-raising license plates, equity capital, enhanced strength of companies that demonstrate customer resources, platform systems, operating costs in the area of wealth management, three natural core advantages, credit recognition, future creation of fund products, investment consultants, customers.
Yearly report: Profit is basically what is expected, and there is much to be done in terms of household asset allocation.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: Eastern wealth securities replenishment capital, which will further expand the number of clients
Quarterly reviews: Profit better than expected, and scale of operations. Over the long term, the location of public fund plates has increased the path of corporate wealth management.
The net profit of the mother is 17.8 million yuan and 2.54 billion yuan, respectively, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.