The capital is growing, the company looks forward to its long-term development, and the company issues a plan to raise no more than $7.3 billion in funds, the first transfer price will be no less than $13.05, and the funds raised will be used to supplement the company's fully-owned wealth securities in Tibet East.
The company intends to issue a transferable debt to supplement capital strength. Eastern wealth issues a transferable release plan to raise up to $7.3 billion to supplement the company’s fully-owned subsidiary’s Tibetan Eastern wealth securities.
Transfer of funds to support its business development and increase its resilience to risk. The initial conversion price for this transfer will be no less than the current average stock exchange price for the twenty trading purposes of this bulletin (the average price for the purpose of which is April 29 is 13.05), which means that the first transfer price for the current issue of the transferable debt will be raised.
Not more than $6.5 billion of the funds raised will be used mainly to support the development of credit and the expansion of the portfolio and its main purpose of raising funds for this purpose. As the equity sector becomes more asset-oriented, capital flows will continue to grow.
Power is becoming even more important. Compared with the net capital of the five securities whose market share is equal to that of the brokering industry (China, China, China, An Xin, Yangtze, Fangzheng) (an average of 25.25 billion yuan), the firm ' s net capital at the end of 18 years is increasing the competitiveness of the industry and contributing to the long-term development of its operations.
This collection of more than $500 million and $300 million, respectively, will be used for equity investment operations and recapitalization of Eastern wealth innovation capital. This roll-over will also significantly boost Eastern wealth creation.
By using the market price of 29 May 2019 as the norm, it will help companies to respond further to the policy of building national innovation and innovation in economic development. Moreover, capital strength will significantly increase the company’s resilience to risk and benefit the public.
It is hoped that this roll-over will lead to a significant increase in corporate capital and, on the basis of the consolidation of traditional business advantages, will also help companies to develop innovative business and optimize their equity structures.
Consider the future development of the company and the impact of the policy on the industry is more than anticipated; market volatility has a double impact on industry performance and valuation.
He's qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.