On the evening of April 26, 2019, the Eastern Wealth Quarterly Report was released. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of 927 million yuan, an increase of 12.62 per cent over the same period; the parent net profit of 386 million dollars, a comparison.
Growth of 28.14 per cent was between 0.37 percentage points and 2.37 per cent for Roe, compared to the same period last year, and base contractions and crowding of traffic led to a decline in surrogate income: companies achieved non-equity income of $321 million (mainly from daily funds) in the first quarter, down 12.58 per cent from the same period last year.
This is mainly due to the high base, the contraction of the IMF and the pressure on the Sky Fund network. The sales of base money amounted to $15,854 million, a 7.88 per cent decline over the previous quarter, of which the current Treasure (IMF) shares showed relative depth of 300 indexes.
The dollar, an increase of 12.59% in the same year, is judged to be due to the return of a quarter that has led to an upward trend in the Fund’s investors’ preferences and the preference for equity funds. On the other hand, the daily network of funds, at 125.70 million in a quarter, is down from the same period last year, and we think that Batj will compete with the flow when he enters the field.
Pressure is emerging, particularly in the form of acreage (payment treasures) and financial management (micro-mails), which has affected the interest of the Sky Fund Network.
Billion dollars, 41.35% more than the same year. In terms of corporate securities revenue structure, the contribution of investment and financial management is relatively limited, the contribution of brokering transactions is over 90%, and it is judged that the return of revenue to the city is the main reason for the increase in fees and commissions, which doubles the company's share.
This can also be supported by agency sales of securities (US$ 27.2 billion). On the other hand, net corporate interest coverage of _aaa_ flow creates advantages, financial-driven growth of US$ 1 billion, reflecting a significant expansion of mixed business in a context of warmer conditions that leads to higher net interest earnings.
Brokering and blending are at the heart of the company's stock retail business, both of which in 2018 (equity-based trading; two-mixed balances) have moved into the top 20 of the industry and are expected to rely on “low rates + high flows” in the larger context of warmer prices than the rise of traditional coupons.
The move-end advantage continues, and research and development investment continues to add up: as of March 2019, the company’s flag was set up, with the end of the Eastern wealth network running up to 1,288,300, continuing to run the industry and becoming more catch-up.
Research Assistant: K.K./Kowenbing is a leader, and it is expected that online advantage will continue to enhance the ability of companies to attract, receive customers, help brokers, and market share of blended businesses. Meanwhile, companies spend 65 million yuan on research and development in the first quarter of the year.
This represents a significant increase of 55.88 per cent, with continued innovation in the development of personal end-products, while the other side continues to optimize existing boxing products, such as school, and product-end advantages.
It is planned to replicate the daily fund-raising model into the private sector. It will provide private fund-raising managers and investors with online services, including certification of qualified investors, contract signing, double recording, final transfer of funds and collection.
Given the company’s extensive experience in the field of integrated public fund-raising services, excellent private fund-raising is expected to create advantages in a variety of dimensions, such as fluidity, data, technology, transport, etc., and to move towards a long-term development path, and companies will be able to synchronize the development of public/private fund-raising platforms.
At a point, the company’s retail securities business and its fund sales operations are expected to break out, which will bring high performance elasticity. In addition, companies are actively setting up public funds, small loans, letters, private fund-raising platforms, etc.
The regulation of financial operations in the network is over-expected; the flow of company mobile ends is compressed; and the share of corporate brokers, mixed markets, has not risen as much as expected.