In view of the upturn in demand in the engineering and machinery industry, the company's repurchase of shares highlights its confidence in development: the company has announced that the chairman proposes to buy back shares at a cost of between $1 billion and $2 billion.
Gold or self-financing repurchases the shares of the company for the employee holding scheme, with a maximum buy-back price not exceeding 150 per cent of the average value of the shares traded by the company's board of directors for the first 30 trading days before the buy-back resolution, with a total amount of not less than RMB 1 billion and not more than RMB 2 billion.
The second repurchase of shares is based on confidence in the company’s future steady growth and a recognition of its value, and it will promote the company’s value to match its intrinsic value, highlighting the company’s confidence in its future development. Given the new up-to-date cycle of domestic demand, the company is expected to benefit fully.
The increase in speed compared to last year's, shows that the internal needs excavator has gradually moved out of the bottom last year, and needs to be better, while, without digging, the crane 1+ February was significantly improved compared with last year's (car: 13.49 per cent drop in the same ratio, car: 13.69 per cent increase in the same rate as car: 13.69 per cent increase in the same rate as vehicle: the crane with the same number, the crane with the same number).
Roadships grew by 31.63% over the same year, stalls by 44.32% over the same year, flats by 44.32% over the same year, and companies, as industry leaders, are expected to benefit fully from a new up-to-date cycle. With improved overseas demand, corporate globalization is expected to accelerate.
The same monthly export sales have returned to positive growth paths, the same growth trends have continued to date, consistent with trends in sea-related export data. From the downstream regions of customs export statistics, the export shift in the second half of last year was mainly due to a combination of low base and demand recovery in South-East Asia, which began this year.
< < The geography of globalization is advancing steadily, high-quality development is expected to improve in Europe and the United States, and the external demand environment is expected to be better than last year, with corporate global resource allocation continuously optimized and determined to drive organizational globalization, R & D, globalization, 2024h1
< <q1 ' s improved profitability is clear, and it is hoped that the corporate income abroad will grow by more than 60 per cent of total income, and we appreciate that, in an environment of improved demand abroad, corporate globalization is expected to accelerate and the share of overseas markets will grow even further.
Watching the needs of the engineering and machinery industry up, the company buys back shares to show confidence in development.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.