▪ Incident: On 19 March 2025, the company issued a notice of the chairman's proposal to buy back the company's shares. On 19 March, the company issued a notice of the chairman's proposal to buy back the company's shares, suggesting that the company, with its own resources, would be able to bring the domestic dredgers back to life, and the industry was expected to recover from domestic and foreign resonance.
Domestic markets: The domestic engineering and machinery market is expected to recover more than expected due to a combination of factors such as replacement cycles, policy support, and warmer demand. In January-February, domestic excavator sales were equal to +51%, and non-diggers such as flats, crushers, cranes, concrete machines, etc. were also re-heated significantly, with the industry entering a new round.
We judge that 2025 is the starting point for the upper cycle, with a projected high rate of growth in exports of 7.4 per cent/8.3 per cent in 2028 and continued warming of export performance. By region, demand in emerging markets such as the Middle East, East and South Asia, Africa, and South America has remained high, and European and American markets have gradually narrowed.
Trinity Work (600031): Domestic demand continues to improve, with domestic and foreign margins rising upwards in 2025. In the medium and long term, China’s brands are global, looking at the elastic performance of the flagship plant.
The share remains low, especially in developed regions such as E.U.J.A., where the Chinese brand market is only single-digit, the Trinity Worker (600031): Three Quarterly Report 2024, Inc., as the leader of the domestic dredging machine, looks at the elasticity of the profits of the up-cycle.
The rapid recovery of the industry will effectively drive down the procurement end, end of production, end of channel, etc., and will be evaluated as: performance is expected, the quality of operation is sustained, and the plant is expected to release considerable profit space.
In the medium and long term, companies are expected to recover from globalization, electricity, electricity, etc.
Intelligent inputs are ahead of schedule and are about to be marketed in Hong Kong, and companies are expected to take advantage of the value-for-money advantage of the domestic engineering and machinery chain.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company’s 2024-2026 return net profit forecast separately.
From the start of the cycle, the company is expected to double-click on performance & valuation, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Three major financial forecasting tables for three heavy jobs.