Cost control was over-expected, and installation growth underpinned forward business Events: On the evening of April 25, 2024, the State Electric was released in the first quarter of 2025. Wind and Power Company, National Life County, Inc., went bankrupt in the first quarter of 2025, handed over to the administrator and was no longer included in the consolidation.
Losses and losses on the disposal of non-liquid assets arising from the event have resulted in lower net profits on a year-on-year basis attributable to the shareholders of the listed company netting off non-recurrent gains and losses. Overall operating position: lower prices for both supply and demand easing, and a continuous increase in the volume of power installed in new energy sources.
In the case of \triangleright, the amount of electricity generated by companies has fallen on the same scale as in the first quarter of 2025, owing to the combined effects of an overall easing of electricity supply and demand across the country, an increase in the capacity of new energy units, a warm winter and an external transfer of electricity to the country.
One hundred thousand kilowatt hours, +123.78%, ring +16.44%. Green power has been growing steadily on a year-on-year basis. Companies have achieved average Internet access costs of $425.41/kWh per quarter, 6.62%, ring capacity of 11639.14 million kW, of which fire power is 756.29 million and electricity 1.9506 million.
Kilowatts, 991.18 million kilowatts of wind power, 15.9 million kilowatts of light voltage. q1 quarter of company fire power control, 1 million kilowatts of installed capacity and 369.14 million kilowatts of installed capacity for new energy controls \triangleright
In 2025, the country’s medium- and long-term price of electricity fell, with the company’s operating income falling on a par, mainly from intra-group supply, with a higher proportion of COCO. While such a one-size-fits-all model would be conducive to smoothing costs when coal prices were high, there were also coal-priced bombs when coal prices went down.
We believe that this is due to the company ' s tendency to move down on coal prices, to adjust the coal procurement ratio in due course, to widen the coal procurement channels and to make it possible to get into the stove.
Prices and fuel costs are higher than expected. In addition, the company’s costs are well controlled, and four fees (sales, cadetsco., Ltd., R & D, finance, etc.) and income tax costs are significantly lower.
In Beijing, building 1 of the 9th House of the City of the City of the West Side, lower by 63.88 per cent, lower management costs by 16.86 per cent, lower R & D costs by 16.86 per cent and lower by 1 per cent, it appears that the control of the downside of the company's operating costs and the four fees and income tax charges is the net benefit of the company.
The company’s cost-control effects are significant, and the year’s performance is expected to be much better. There is much room for long-term growth: fire power is expected to grow robustly, wind reserves are abundant, 1 million kilowatts of heat is expected to grow, and the rest is being built mainly in Zhejiang, Fujian, Anhui,
In the eastern regions of Guangdong and other high-priced regions, we expect to start construction of a power-fired project of 49,235 kW in 2025-2026, consisting mainly of 4.24 million kW in the river basin, 42,65 million kW in the Holgu toll, and 25.7 million kW in the rolling Habcil hydroelectric power station.
According to the construction cycle, we expect the company's river-building project to be concentrated in 2025-2026, and the water and power installed will be expected to support the growth of the company's performance over the next three years. Profit forecasts and ratings: status of the national electricity and electricity sector, shareholder background, asset quality, development patterns
\triangleright, etc., is in the lead in many sectors. 1) Industry position: companies are listed as one of the five major power generating groups in the core conventional energy industry, with the second-largest on the market and the second-largest on the engine;
2) Shareholder background: companies rely on national energy groups, coal supply security, fire panels, high cost-side control capacity; 3) asset quality: company fire units are dominated by large units of over 600,000 kilowatts, with better quality and more adaptable technology; 4) development patterns: public
The Division has achieved coal-based power generation, a dynamic mix of business blocks, and a robust growth potential. We maintain the company’s net profit from 2025-2027. Risk factors: electricity prices are higher than expected; project construction is not as fast as expected; electricity market reform is taking place.
\triangleright Tung Ming, Doctor, University of Mines, China, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s pool of experts, member of the China Price Association ' s Coal Price Select Committee and former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Sectoral Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) has been involved in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for over a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project on Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He is responsible for research on the coal sector.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, Member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University, formerly researched large energy panels such as Securities and Natural Gas.
Minister, who has worked for many years in the first line of coal production, in the technical management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry. Liu Hong Guang, Doctor of Beijing University, Member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society.
The Institute's expert and assistant director led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Category Carbon Reaching and Implementation Path” in the petrochemical industry, and participated in the preparation of policy papers on oil and gas industry planning, construction of a new energy system, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in the country's ministries.
Guo Shei, Beijing University Environmental Engineering/National University of Singapore, and Beijing has a bachelor's degree in environmental engineering, with five years of upstream and downstream environmental industry and double carbon industry research.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public environmental studies Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Li-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which studied coal and coal mining intelligence.
Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry. Tang Jiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong University of Economics and Trade, Bachelor of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, a management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal and steel industries. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.