In the evening of April 15th, 2025, the National Electricity Report 2024 was published.
Net cash flows from activities amounted to $55,640 million, an increase of 30.66 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, single q4 realized a one-time gain or loss mainly for the disposal of Mongolian energy companies in the construction of state power. In 2024, the company found a gold dividend of $3.567 billion, representing net profits attributable to shareholders of listed companies in the consolidated statements.
Fire power: Coal power conglomerates have a significant advantage, and the company's performance on the pyrotechnic block is on the ground. In 2024, \triangleright benefited from the continued upturn in national electricity prices and the intra-group coal supply advantage, and the company's performance on the pyrotechnic plate.
There has been an increase in stability. Of this amount, the net gain on the company ' s fire panels was $4,115 million, 34.05 per cent more than the previous year. In terms of electricity, the company ' s fire units continued to use a high number of hours to generate electricity, of which coal generated 36,852.4 million kilowatt-hours a year, a decline of 1.18 per cent compared to the previous year.
Coal machines achieve an average feed-in price of $457.52/megawatt hours, a decrease of 0.82 per cent in the same year; combustion engines achieve an average feed-in cost of $860.83/megawatt hours, a decrease of 4.18 per cent in the same year. On the cost side, the company benefited from the advantages of coal supply within the National Energy Group, with a unit price of $922.17/of coal for the company's coal intake.
Tons, a decrease of $12.79 per ton from the previous year. The cost of fuel for the power plate has declined steadily.
The recovery of water from the river in 2024 was marked by a marked increase in electricity from the company ' s hydroelectric plate to the Internet; however, the increase in the cost of electricity from hydropower to electricity supply, and the build-up of the Henchuan hydroelectric project, led to a similar decline. In 2024, the company achieved a net return of 1,242 million yuan, a 33.01 per cent decline.
In terms of electricity, the company ' s hydroelectric plate generated 59,468 million kWh of electricity, an increase of 7.93 per cent. In terms of electricity prices, the average cost of the company ' s hydropower plate to access the grid was 240.59 kWh/mw, a decrease of 2.08 per cent. Of this amount, Dahinkawa ' s hydroelectric project is about 831 million kWh, a non-current.
In 2024, the new energy installed by Sindh Securities Inc. achieved a high rate of growth. In this case, the company ' s wind panels achieved a net return of 7.77 to the mother.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. billion dollars, a decrease of 22.76 per cent in the same year; and a net gain of $603 million in the light voltage, a decline in the same year.
18.84 per cent. With regard to electricity, wind panels achieved 20,175 million kilowatts of electricity generation throughout the year 2024, an increase of 95.90 per cent over the year of 11,284 million kilowatt-hours, a decrease of 5.52 per cent over the same year in the number of hours used by the fleet, and a decrease in the average Internet connection cost of 408.22 yuan per megawatt-hours per year.
Long-term growth space: Fire and power start-up is expected to grow robustly, wind and light reserves are abundant, power and water are growing to support the future performance of the plate. Fire and power: By the end of 2024, the company fire and electricity project was building 8.35 million kilowatts, mostly in Zhejiang, Fujian, Anhui, Guangdong.
With regard to utilities, by the end of 2024, the company ' s hydroelectric projects were building 4,923,500 kilowatts, consisting mainly of the River River.
In the basin of 4.24 million kW, the Holgu Toilet hydroelectric plant of 42.65 million kW, and the Rolling Habcil hydroelectric plant of 25.70 million kW. In accordance with the regular construction cycle for hydropower, we expect the new construction of the new Xinjiang hydroelectric project to continue with the pace of production of the river under construction and to be phased in during the “XVI” period.
The company’s power and power grids continue to grow steadily, strongly supporting the company’s forward performance. Profit forecasts and ratings: the state power industry’s position, shareholder background, asset quality, development patterns, etc. are in many ways leading positions within the industry.
(b) Shareholder background: the company relies on the National Energy Group, where coal supply security is strong and fire panels, block cost end control capacity is prominent; and (c) asset quality: the company's lighter unit is more than 600,000 kilowatts.
(d) Developmental patterns: companies have achieved coal-based power generation, mixed development patterns of multi-purpose business plates, robust risk factors: higher than expected electricity prices; less than expected progress in project construction and electricity market transformation
He was a member of the Executive Committee of the China Price Association of Coal Prices, a former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, and for more than 10 years, he worked as a research consultant in coal and energy-related fields.
V. National research on coal survey and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, June 2016, joined with the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, formerly the Henging Securities Economics and Finance Institute.
He has worked for many years in coal mining, technology management, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 and worked in the coal industry and upstream and downstream research.
Liu Hong Guang, doctor at Beijing University, and member of the Central and Professional Committee of carbon peaks of the China Society of Environmental Sciences. He was an expert, assistant to the Director of the China Institute for Research and Technology of the petrochemical economy, and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption. The editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed research on “Cultural carbon peaks and implementation pathways” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the development of new energy systems in the national ministries.
In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for major energy research and research in the petrochemical sector. Kwok Shei, Beijing University Environmental Engineering/National University of Singapore Chemical Double Master of Science, Beijing Master of Environmental Engineering, five years in environmental engineering.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States, and Bachelor of Arts, University of Tianjin, in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sunda Securities Study in June 2022.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public environmental studies Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University.
Liu Xuan, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, July 2022, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Eisen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, engaged in coal and coal
Li Dong, Master of Arts in Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry, Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Bo, a major management student at Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to conduct research in the coal and steel sectors. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.