\Trangleright \Trangleright
Billions of dollars, resulting in net profit from the non-return to the mother, and a gain/loss on the other hand. Corporate profitability is largely due to the overall low price of the main industrial chain in the photovoltaic industry, and the level of profit in the various segments of industrial integration.
\triangleright informinkconsulting data, the sixth largest in the industry in terms of the output of the company ' s components.
The Division achieved a total volume of 19.13gw, of which 17.50gw for components and 17.5gw for silicon and battery tablets.
At the end of 2024, the company’s gold sector \triangleright battery output was on average more than 26.7 per cent efficient, and the laboratory topcon mine stacking battery was 34.22 per cent more efficient.
Wang, for example, opens up space for the integration of current mainstream battery technology with next-generation technology.
More than 650w in Jubaino, with maximum power of 670w, component conversion efficiency of 24.8%, double-faced of 85%, further consolidating the industry leader in Topcon technology. In addition, the company's overseas channels and production capacity are over.
After 24 years of overseas sales of 57.8 per cent and sales of 68.6 per cent, 24 years of agreements signed between the company and its partners to build indigenous capacity for 10gw battery assemblies in Saudi Arabia, expected to start production in the second half of 26 months, and the company ' s 2gw capacity, which is expected to benefit from the completion of the upgrade of its United States plant in the context of tight customs duties
1. Crystal Energy (688223.sh) 3-quarterly report in 2024. Review: The Māori ring ratio has improved significantly, with an accelerated gdr to be released, and the light storage is expected to lead to an additional amount. The company’s storage system is working steadily.
2. Crystal Energy (688223.sh) semi-annual reporting in 2024 and self-researching around key core parts, full 24 years of storage system delivery over 1 gwh, rating: sales scale industry leading, forward-looking deployment of overseas capacity
Higher growth than 23 years, demonstrating strong business growth potential. 34x/21x/15x. The company leads Topcon, with overseas channels and power distribution promising to help the company wear 4. Crystal energy (688223.sh) in the third quarter of 2023
Over the cycle, storage operations are expected to re-energize the company and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Assessment: N-share increases in profitability, integrated productive capacity is sustained Research findings, methodological and analytical logic are produced independently and objectively, and responsibility for the content and perspective of this report is shared. Researchers ' research views are clearly and accurately reflected in this report, conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence, and researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.