The copper mausoleum is colored (000630 sz) and the world-class large copper mines are bought, and their profitability is steadily increasing.
The company is a large state company in the entire chain of copper. The colored bronze magnate is the first copper industrial base to be built in New China. The company was listed in November 1996 at the deep end of the market. It is a whole chain copper company that collects copper, refines copper and processes copper as a whole. It is controlled by the State Finance Committee of Anhui Province and now owns copper smelting capacity.
1.7 million tons of copper, the second largest in the world, and about 50,000 tons of copper per year from domestic copper mines. The s0980050401 mlado copper mines were combined, and mining copper production increased significantly. In August this year, companies acquired controlling shareholders.
The world's largest copper mine, the Ecuador-Mirado copper mine. The Mirado copper mine detects and controls copper gold in excess of 6 million tons, with an actual mining grade of 0.6 per cent, developed in two phases, currently at the end of one production, producing tons of copper annually. The Mirado copper mine is expected to become the world's top 20 copper mines after its birth, and the bronze mare will be colored as a.
The company now has four copper smelter bases, 1.7 million tons of refined capacity, second only to Jiangxi copper in the country, the world’s fourth largest.
The brass industry and the gold crown copper industry are all located along the Yangtze River, with low transport costs, close to the main consumer sites, by-products sulfuric acids, and have a prominent position as one of the most profitable copper smelters in the country. They are currently building 500,000 tons of new smelters, which are expected to be operational by 2025, and will increase their capacity to 2.2 million tons.
The scarcity of copper's resources highlights the increase in copper prices. Global copper mineral prices have declined significantly over the past two decades, with selection costs rising year after year, and mine capital spending has been insufficient since the last cycle high 10 years ago, leading to a decline in copper production and a projected global copper mineral peak in 2025, followed by a growing supply and demand gap.
Large. The scarcity of large copper mines is becoming more pronounced. The current incentive price for copper mines is more than $8150 per ton, effectively supporting copper prices, and low-cost copper mines maintain high profits.
A significant increase in corporate profitability is achieved. Through multi-dimensional valuations, a reasonable value range for companies is a significant risk of falling copper prices: a significant risk of falling copper smelting: a risk of falling sulphuric acid prices.
The company is a domestic cathode bronze leader with a complete chain of copper industry from the mine to the processing process. The bronze magnate was established in August 1992 and co-sponsored by eight companies, including the copper magnate non-ferrous metal company, using a targeted collection method.
The chain of operations, which in 1998 and 2000 was set up in a stock-based manner as a copper mine in the Anqing and Tomugu Mountains, and in 2004 went down to the copper-processing areas of the copper belts, paint wrapping lines, copper plating, etc., forming the entire copper-processing chain in the mines. Subsequently, the company continued to optimize its industrial structure, successfully completing it in January 2022.
In January, the company completed the acquisition of 70% of the share of the bronze crown in China, with the world-class large copper mine Milado. Currently, the company has 1.7 million tons of cathode copper production, the country’s second and fourth, and the mining copper production is 170,000 tons, and is expected to increase to 310,000 tons by 2026.
The owner of the company is a non-ferrous shareholder, and the owner is a non-ferrous shareholder, holding 47.26% of the company ' s shares as of the third quarter of 2023; the owner holds 100% of the non-ferrous shares directly and in between.
The president of the company, Mr. Gong Huadong, has been Managing Director of the Kimlong Copper Industry, a subsidiary of the company, since 2003, and other executives, who have served in the corporate system for many years, have a wealth of professional experience for the company’s development in the industry and market.
In addition, the company has a large number of branches/subsidies, of which the most important are the main pcb bronze and lithium copper platinum bronze (72.37 per cent of the company’s shares); and the acquisition this year of bronze in the middle of the country, which has the power to mine milado copper.
Crown (70 per cent of company shares); main mining service, copper crown construction for listing in the North Handover (shareholding of company copper crowns are mainly engaged in research and development, manufacture and marketing of various high-precision electronic bronze sorghums, the main products are classified by field of application, including pcb bronze and lithium batteries, with a total production capacity of 55,000 tonnes/year, of which 55,000 tonnes/year is available.
Pcb copper production capacity of 35,000 tons and lithium copper production capacity of 20,000 tons, one of the leading domestic companies in the production of high-performance electronic copper products, has established a stable partnership with well-known producers such as profit technology, Taiwan technology, radio, South Asian new materials, Biadi, Ning Dynasty, and Gokko, and has become a long-term supplier to them.
The copper canopy is a mining development service that provides specialized engineering and mining operations management services. The company Deep Farming Services has been a major contractor for the construction of the country’s mines for decades.
International engineering contracting has led to the formation of a number of core construction technologies in the areas of deep-welling-super-deep well construction, large-scale mining of mines, integrated management of mining water and water hazards, and mechanical and electrical installation of mines, the consolidation of mining development services, and the establishment of good and stable partnerships with a number of large mining resource development enterprises in the country.
Profitability improved, asset liability declined by 67/65/62 per cent, falling year by year, mainly as a result of the rise in prices and gold prices and production. 2024 was the first full year of the construction of the bronze crown in medium and iron, with the introduction of the Milado copper mine.
Figure 3: Sub-products of operating income (millions of yuan)
The company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate increased and the asset-liability ratio declined. In the first three quarters of 2021-2023, the company split was 50.73 per cent. The Māori rate for chemical by-products, such as sulphuric acid, has increased most significantly in recent years.
Figure 8: Changes in net profits from corporate attribution, Figure 9: Changes in corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates
Copper mining blocks: acquisition of the Mirado large-scale copper-producing mines, where copper concentrates into the top domestic copper mines: deep buried, difficult to extract, expensive companies own three major mines in the country, rich in reserves and stable production. Companies produce copper each year in the country.
The minerals contain about 5-660,000 tons of metal, most of them from three major mines: the Tongu Mountain copper mine, the River mine, the Angyeong copper mine, which accounts for more than 90% of the company ' s annual copper production. In 2020-2022, the company produced copper, which contains 564/5.26.516 million tons of copper, respectively.
In the first half of the year, the copper mine in the Tomugu Mountains, which is the company's main mining site, located in the Anhui bronze Mahal, is part of the gold-forming belt of copper in the lower and middle of the Yangtze River and is one of the largest copper deposits buried deep in the country at depths of 1125 metres, with a copper metal reserve of about 1 million tons, and in the first half of the year, the copper mine in the Tomugu Mountains was accumulated to contain 14,000 tons of copper, 221,000 tons of high sulfur concentrate and 221,000 tons of high sulfur.
The mining sector is located in the county of Chijiang, Hoyo City, and is a deep buried low-grade copper mine with an average of 0.54 per cent copper ore, with an annual production of 135,000 tons of copper ore. During the first half of 2023, the mining sector disposed of 1.74 million ores.
Tons, producing 0.67 million tons of copper, 382 kg of gold and 2244 kg of silver, Anqing copper mines are located in Wyning County, Angmi Province, with the main mine being a silka-type iron and copper mine containing 0.5 to 0.7 per cent copper, with a copper production of about 6300 tons per year.
Copper metal production of 3,300 tons, 55 per cent of the annual plan. Figure 13: Companies ' own copper concentrate and self-sufficiency (in tons, per cent)
In December of that year, the main product was copper concentrate, which was first established as a 50 per cent share in the copper marina, which was controlled in colour, and in China, which was built in iron. In January 2014, an equity transfer took place, with 20 per cent of the share held in iron construction in China, and 70 per cent of the share in the bronze crown was held in the bronze mare.
In August 2023, the company acquired 70 per cent of the share in the iron and steel crown from the non-ferrous holdings of the controlling shareholders at a transaction price of $6,673 million, of which the listed companies paid $5,672 million, or 85 per cent of the price of the transaction; $334 million, or 5 per cent of the price of the transaction, by issuing a fungible debt; and cash payments.
The Milado copper mine is an important asset in the construction of a bronze crown in China. It controls large copper mining resources in south-eastern Ecuador. It has 18 mining rights there. The only copper mine that has been mined and operated is the Mirado copper mine in the department of Guador Zamora-Chinchipe, which was established by a copper crown built in China and built in Ecuador.
The mining contract for the Milado copper mine is limited to 25 years, with mining rights valid for 25 years and renewable. The mining contract is dated February 2037, and is normally renewable until October 2044.
The Mirado copper mine is operated by China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
Ecuador is classified as a national strategic project, with 1,257 million tons of ores identified and controlled, 0.48 per cent of the average ore copper and 603,000,500 tons of copper metal. The actual value of minerals released was 0.65 per cent in 2021 and 0.57 per cent in 2022.
The composition is as follows, at a cost of approximately $28,000 per ton in 2022, and is probably in front of the global copper mine cost curve for the future climb of the Milado copper mine. The Milado copper mine is in two stages of construction, one of which is mainly responsible for rice.
The selection of the Lado deposits, with a total investment of $1.89 billion, started in December 2015, became operational in July 2019 and has reached production in 2022, with an ore disposal capacity of 20 million tonnes/year, designed to produce copper concentrates at an annual rate of about 90,000 tons of metal, with actual production of copper at about 120,000 tons of metal, exceeding the design value by more than 30 per cent, mainly due to:
The actual grade of the occurrences was 25 per cent higher than the design value and the actual ore disposal volume exceeded the design value by 5.7 per cent; phase II, which was primarily responsible for the selection of Northern Mirado deposits, was expected to be operational in June 2025, with an ore disposal capacity of 26.2 million tonnes/year, with a combined annual production of 200,000 tonnes of copper in phases I and II as originally planned.
The Mirado copper mine will be added to the world’s top 20 copper mines after the end of the second cycle. The Mirado II project, with planned investment of $5,590 million, was launched in October 2022 and is expected to be completed in the second half of 2025, with 0.2 per cent ore levels remaining at 2023 and 2nd phase, and 150,000 tons of copper expected to be produced in the year after the end of the second phase.
With a combined annual production of more than 260,000 tons, it is expected to join the world’s top 20 copper mines.
With regard to the transport of goods, the company ensures the opening of inland transport lines for copper concentrates by strengthening communication and coordination with local governments, social communities and ethnic minority groups along the border.
According to official public figures, by the end of 2021, 75.33 per cent of the communities around the Milado copper mine supported the mines, with the largest number of copper-Daimi towns having 88.33 per cent. Companies promoted local employment, adhering to the principle of territorialization of labour, with 1111 Ecuadorian employees working in the Milado copper mine by the end of 2022.
The Mirado copper mine has a material security capability of 0.6 per cent, which is higher than the design grade of 0.48 per cent. The Milado copper mine was established in August this year.
Summary, 2024 is the first full year of the table, assuming that copper contains 120,000 metals in 2024. Figure 18: Production of copper from the Milado mine (in tons) Figure 19: Production of precious metals from the Milado copper mine (in tons)
All the copper concentrates produced in Mirado are self-used. In 2020-2022, the sales volume of the copper concentrates in Mirado were 100 million yuan, and the unit price of the sales was 10.09.1.59.55 million yuan per ton, respectively, largely consistent with the trend in copper prices.
The main customers of the Milodo copper mine are coloured subsidiaries and final customers of the bronze or the corresponding copper concentrates, and there are no resales.
Smelting blocks: Copper smelting capacity is the second largest in the country, with significant regional advantages. The company owns four copper smelters, namely, gold crown copper (70 million tons, branch), gold bronze (460,000 tons, with 61.40 per cent of shares), Zhangjiang copper (300,000 tons, 85 per cent of shares), gold bronze.
A total of 1.7 million tons of cathode copper smelting capacity (2.5 million tonnes of capacity, 50% of shares), consisting of gold crown copper, gold bronze, gold bronze with a full complement of rough and refined copper production, and Zhangjia joint copper industry with only refining workers. One is the proceeds of smelting (tc/rc), such as 80 USD/tonne per ton per ton per ton for copper concentrate masters in 2024.
Tons of copper have a processing fee income of 80* (1.25% + 0.1*22.04) = $500/ton, equivalent to RMB 3550/ton if the United States dollar exchange rate is 7.1 against the renminbi. Assuming the cost of smelting by the company is $2,000/ton, smelting is the gain from the copper smelting rate, the industry practice is to sell copper concentrate in copper mines at 96.5% smelting rate.
At a price, the company ' s smelting process is at a higher level, and the actual smelting recovery rate is at least 98% or more, which makes it possible to earn 1.5% of the copper price. Third, the by-product gains are sulfuric acid, gold and silver.
Dollars/tons, which need to be sold at a loss in the low valley, make the sulfuric acids of smelters very volatile. Precious metals such as gold and silver, which are concentrated in copper mines, are already priced in copper concentrates, usually on the basis of a 90% smelting recovery rate, with limited profit margins.
In view of the profitability of the company's smelters, the gold bronze industry is located on the coast of the mayor's river, with low transport costs, significant location advantages, greater profitability, a slight advantage in the gold-tung district, and the joint copper industry in Zhang Jia Kong, which has only a refined processing process, and therefore low cost of copper processing in these two years.
The company ' s copper smelting has an outstanding regional advantage: one company is located in the cities of the East China delta, the gold crown copper industry and the gold bronze industry are all located along the Yangtze River, and imports copper concentrates from abroad and unloads them at the South Tong Harbor and transports them along the Yangtze River.
Minerals can save large freight costs for companies, with transport costs at a comparative advantage over the large number of inland copper smelters.2 The economy of the East China region is large, with copper consumption accounting for more than one third of national copper use, and companies have a strong regional economic advantage in marketing markets.
One of the biggest problems with copper smelters is sulfuric acid digestion, which in the event of a bad sale of sulfuric acid, the extreme condensations are smelting down. More than 50% of the downstream sulfuric acid is used in the fertilizer industry, with companies bordering North Lakes in the Fertilizer Province, and the chemical industry in the surrounding provinces is well developed, and sulfuric acid sales are smoother than in the same industry.
As a result, the company’s gold bronze industry, gold crown copper industry, is one of the lowest-cost smelters in the industry, even though in the first half of 2021 it was able to maintain a relatively strong copper smelter at less than $60 per ton of copper ore processing costs. The production of cathode copper has increased year by year, and the city’s share has remained stable.
In terms of the city’s share, the company’s production of cathode copper in 2020-2022 was the second largest in the country and the world’s top four. Billions of dollars invested in the construction of high-end copper line materials with a capacity of 500,000 tonnes/year, by-product of 1.7 million tonnes of sulphuric acid/year, in the construction of the project.
These include new production support facilities such as copper smelting, electrolysis, high-end copper wires, flue gas acids (500,000 tons of copper smelting and downstream processing), and construction work for a 30-month period, expected to start production by the end of 2024. After delivery, the company ' s copper smelting capacity increased by 500,000 tons, from the current 1.7 million tons to 2.2 million tons.
By-product smelting: Sulphuric acid is an important by-product of copper smelting, and copper mines are often accompanied by precious metals, such as gold and silver, so the company produces by-products, such as sulfuric acid, gold and silver, in the selection and smelting process. 2020-2022 13.31/15.96/18.84 tonnes, all increasing each year, with the merger of the Milado copper mine, the company produces gold annually.
Figure 25: Company precious metal production (in tons) Figure 27: Company precious metal collection and Māori (in billions of yuan, per cent) Copper-processing blocks: copper-making specialty products
The company's copper processing operations are mainly carried out by the listed subsidiary, copper coronary bronze, whose main products include: 1) pcb bronze, which is the main raw material for the manufacture of the coating plate and for the printing of circuit boards, which are the backbone of the electronic information industry and are applied downstream in areas such as communications, computers, consumer electronics and automobile electronics; 2) lithium
Battery bronze, which is one of the essential building blocks of lithium batteries, is the primary downstream response for the copper coronium-coated copper-cronium products, including new energy vehicles, electric bicycles, 30 digital products, storage systems, etc. The company's copper-cronium production capacity will be extended to 80,000 tons. The copper-coated copper-cronium is currently 55,000 tons, including 35,000.
In 2020-2022, the company produced 3.574.10.416 million tons of copper; the processing fee per ton was 20.00/3.03.273 million yuan; and the public announcement by the division in July this year that 10,000 tons of copper mounds were installed at the copper base, and another 1.5 tons in Ike County.
Ten thousand tons of projects are under construction. Figure 28: Company electronic copper capacity and sales (in tons) Figure 29: Corporate copper flat line sales (in tons)
The company is a major whole- chain copper producer that collects copper, smelting, processing, and trading as one, and we've chosen the purple gold mining, the Jiangxi copper industry, the western mining industry, and the Yunnan copper industry as comparable companies. In terms of operating income, several copper companies, including the Jiangxi copper industry, and the bronze mausoleum, have larger trade volumes.
In terms of profit margins, the company ' s business has been dominated by copper smelting and the size of the mine has been relatively small in the past years, so the Māori rate and net interest rate are lower than the UV mine, the Western mine, which is dominated by the mine, but the company ' s profitability has increased steadily in recent years, with the Māori rate rising by 2.21 hundred in the first three quarters of this year.
The points are the only enterprises with higher profitability in comparable companies. Figure 32: Comparison of operating income of firms in industry (in billions of yuan) Figure 33: Comparison of net profits of firms in industry (in billions)
By the end of the third quarter of 2023, the industry was comparable to the public copper industry: resource scarcity was highlighted and price pricing was stimulated.
2024-2025: The weakest cycle of copper expansion since the 1990s The current global cycle of copper mines has been expanding since 2021 and continues into 2025. Major incremental projects include the quallaveco, qb2, tfm mixed mining project, kfm, youtolgoi, Kamoa III, Dragon II,
Most of these projects were built around 2018 during the previous round of price peaks, with price-driven factors; there were also projects with a reverse cycle expansion of mining companies, such as the Kamua, tfm projects, all of which were financed by Chinese enterprises to finance projects purchased at the bottom of the commodity bear market in 2015, which were quickly developed after the project was acquired and developed in recent years.
Looking back at the three rounds of expansion over the past 30 years, the expansion may have been the smallest. Although institutions generally forecast a high rate of growth in the global copper mine in 2024, it was constrained by factors such as insufficient long-term capital spending, which in those years was significantly lower than projected. Non-ferrous metal prices are now higher than at the peak of the previous cycle (about 2011), but there are some.
Non-ferrous mineral exploration spending is far less than 10 years ago. According to data from the pamphlet world, in 2023, affected by localized wars and central bank interest hikes, non-ferrous metal exploration expenditure amounted to $12.8 billion, corresponding to a 3.3 per cent decline. Copper mineral output will not increase significantly in recent years, and actual copper production tends to fall short of projections.
But after December, the situation changed considerably. First, the first-volume Panamanian copper mine, the top 10 copper mines, 350,000 tons of copper per year, or 1.5 per cent of the world ' s copper minerals, and, as a result of local protests, tons of tons, representing a decrease of 200,000 tons from the production guide issued last year ' s 91 to 1 million tons, which guided copper production in 2025.
Of course, the decline in production in the global copper mines, or the normal guidelines for upwards or downwards production by mining companies, does not mean that the real impact is so high, which is largely an indication of long-term capital spending, geopolitical factors, etc.
There is greater uncertainty about the expansion of the copper mine, there is no absolute oversupply of the copper mine, and events can easily be disturbed by shifting the supply and demand balance of copper from a tight balance to a shortage. Industry institutions are also generally downtrodden with copper in 2024, and the cost of copper mining is a long-term trend, pushing copper prices upwards.
Dollars/tonnes, base copper prices for the 2008 financial crisis were $2,700/t, bottom of the global commodity bear market in 2015 $4,300/t, bottom of copper prices at $4,700/t in March 2020, when the spread of the new crown spread caused panic, and bottom of copper at $7,000 in July 2022, when the high inflation in the United States triggered concerns about interest rates.
Analysis of the copper prices between the operating zones of the past 20 years, where copper prices have been above the 90% cost divide line for most of the time, and the 90% cost divide line for copper mines is more supportive, except when the global macro-economy is hit by a major shock. According to the agency, 90%, 75%, and 50% of the global copper divide in the first quarter of 2020, respectively.
On 19th, the bottom line was $4371 per ton, breaking the 90% cost divide line with 75% cost divide line with aluminium, highlighting the scarcity of copper's resources. Aluminium is a large commodity with very small resource bottlenecks, with copper static recoverable for about 40 years and aluminium for over 100 years. Copper is close to 90% of copper and bauxite for more than 100 years.
In the early years of the century, copper and aluminium prices were very close to or even even equal. In recent years, copper prices were almost three times higher than aluminium.
As the global copper ore level declines and the overall cost curve shifts upwards, it is reflected in the increasing scarcity of copper ore resources and the rising price base.
The main logic of the current market, which is generally favourable to copper prices, is that global copper production has declined since 2025, while demand has grown steadily, with a growing supply and demand gap.
For about five years now, copper prices must be kept high, and copper miners must be encouraged to increase capital spending to cover the supply and demand gap for five years or more. The current incentive price, according to cru, is 370 cents/pounds, equivalent to $8150/t. Currently, 90% of the cost of the global copper mine + maintenance spending is about $6,400.
From another perspective, the market assumes a dynamic forward supply and demand gap for copper. The price of copper rebounded to $7,800 per tonne in May this year, so that in the absence of a big wind and risk event, the hub of the copper price operation was maintained at the incentive cost.
Mackenzie's forward supply and demand outlook for copper shows that global copper production peaked around 2022, and by 2023, the forward supply and demand outlook for copper showed production peaking around 2025, with the top of the supply moving backwards. This does not mean that forecasts are ineffective, but that supply stress is stimulating higher prices, which leads to more growth.
Supply, shifting the gap. So we judge that the global copper market will not necessarily have a long supply and demand gap after 2025, but copper prices will certainly shift gradually, allowing some difficult and costly mining to cover the potential. Figure 55: Gaps in the forward supply and demand of copper (2018)
Back in the past 20 years, copper prices have been rising steadily, with Chinese companies buying up a number of high-quality copper mining projects in reverse cycles, thanks to the financial crisis of 2008 and the difficulties of operating some of the foreign companies at the bottom of the commodity bear market in 2016. This has also led to the growth of several private copper mining companies in recent years.
Smaller. So large copper-producing mines are all the more scarce. From the single processing fee of 2024 copper concentrates, copper smelting is profitable. In early December of this year, several large copper smelters in the country and a copper-producing mine abroad finalized the 2024 copper concentrates.
The main reason is that Panama’s large copper mine ceased production in late November, which was expected to produce enough copper next year, and this brought uncertainty to the supply of copper, directly affecting $80 per ton of long single processing fees at the end of the year, which is not cheap for copper smelters. Copper concentrate is priced in the form of lme copper.
The price is based on a reduction in processing fees. Copper smelting is broadly divided into rough and refined, and the crude product is rough copper, which is refined into cathode copper, i.e., the final product electrolytic copper. The corresponding processing fees are also divided into tc (treatmentcharge) and rc (refiningcharge).
Taking into account the settlement grade after the recovery rate, which is 25%, tc and rc will increase the processing fee at the smelter by 1.25% +0.1*22.04 = $6.204/ton, assuming the exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi is 7.2, which is $44.7/ton copper.
The decrease in fees of $358/ton of copper is not particularly significant for copper smelters. One is that, in historical processing fees, $80/tons of crude processing fees are close to historical averages, not high, and a dollar/ton of copper processing fees, taking into account the benefits of high recovery rates, the smelters can maintain a certain level of profit.
Second, in addition to processing fees, smelters derive their revenues mainly from the by-product, sulphuric acid, which produces 3.5 tons of coarse copper by-products from sulfide, at a cost of only about $150/t, which fluctuated sharply in the two years and was also an important factor affecting the profits of copper smelting, sometimes even higher than the processing fee.
Figure 58: Price of sulphuric acid from a smelter in Shandong ($/ton) Our profit projection is based on the following assumptions:
Sales: By the end of 2022, the company had 1.7 million tons of copper smelting capacity and a further 500,000 tons of copper smelting project Copper concentrate processing fees: copper smelters earned mainly on copper smelting fees, copper metal recovery rates and by-products such as sulphuric acid.
In yuan/tons, based on the global pace of production of copper ore and the pace of production of smelters, we assume that the cost of copper concentrate ore additions in 2025 will remain at $80/ton. Assuming a real settlement price of lme for domestic copper ore in 2023-2025.
The company produces 5.16 million tons of copper per year, which is expected to stabilize at 50,000 tons in the future, and we assume that the Mirado copper mine will start pilot production in 2020, with a capacity of 20 million tons per year for ore disposal, and copper production in 2022
In the second half of the year, production was completed, with an ore disposal capacity of 26.2 million tonnes/year. We expect to produce 12.0.12.0/17.8/257,000 tons of copper in 2023-2026, respectively.
Most of them are stock prices ready to fall. In the context of asset impairments that occurred in 2023, we assume that the company did not build 70 per cent of the crown of iron and copper in this acquisition, issue shares, convertable corporate bonds and pay cash for purchases of assets and raise matching funds, of which the purchase of assets is worth $330 million, and raise matching funds for distribution.
The company's main business is copper mining and copper smelting, the main factors affecting the company's profitability are copper prices and copper concentrate processing fees, and we conduct a sensitivity analysis of profit forecasting using two variables: copper prices and copper processing fees.
Sensitivity analysis - price fluctuations. We assume in profit projections that copper will cost $8,500 per ton in 2024 and copper concentrate processing $80 per ton in 2024. When we cite different copper prices and copper concentrate processing fees, the company ' s net profit in 2024 will change.
The unleveraged beta factor uses the average of the unleveraged beta calculations (1.09 x) for the last five years of the Schenwan II industry “industrial metals” section; the stock risk premium rate is 6.50 per cent; thus a wacc 8.90 per cent is calculated; and, based on the above-mentioned main assumptions, the fcff valuation method is used to obtain a reasonable value range for the company.
The absolute valuation is more sensitive than the wacc and constant growth rates, and the following is an analysis of the sensitivity of the absolute valuation of companies to these two factors of change: the company is a large whole chain copper producer that collects copper, smelting, processing, trading as one.
The gold mining industry, the Jiangxi copper industry, the western mining industry, and the Yunnan copper industry are comparable companies. The gold mining industry is the core of the country’s colour-listed companies, with vast reserves of mineral resources, and the company’s deployment at the end of its resources has been painstakingly built in recent years, resulting in a number of major flagship projects that are over-expected to become operational, core mining.
The product is being released at a time when the price of bulk metals is historically high, and the medium- and long-term growth path is clear, and it is expected to become a global super-class international mining enterprise. The Jiangxi copper industry is a domestic copper and related non-ferrous metals clustering, mining, mining, smelting, processing, etc.
China’s largest copper production base, the largest associated gold, silver production base, and an important sulfide industry, has the largest German copper mine in the country today, as well as several copper-producing mines. The copper-producing copper mine contains 200,000 tons of copper per year, with cathode production exceeding 1.8 million tons per year.
The western mining industry, the leading copper, lead, zinc ore producer in the country, has the advantage of giving priority to access to high-quality mineral resources in the western part of the country, with copper ore containing more than 140,000 tons of copper and zinc containing more than 110,000 tons of zinc per year, which will benefit from the country's new strategic search for prospecting, the continued expansion of the main mining ore, and the continued increase in corporate ore output.
In the Yunnan copper industry, which covers copper exploration, selection, smelting, extraction and processing of precious and rare metals, sulfide industries and trade, the annual copper concentrates contain more than 60,000 tons of copper and 1.3 million tons of cathode copper production, the only listed platform for the copper industry in China and China is the Aluminium Group and the Chinese copper industry, hosting the Aluminium Tromocho copper mine.
In recent years, the copper industry has experienced high-growth cycles, asset quality has improved, and cash flows have been strong. The bronze mausoleums are a whole chain copper company that has been selected for copper mining, cathode copper smelting, copper smelting as a whole, copper smelting as the second largest producer in the country.
In the third quarter of this year, the acquisition of the world-class mega-copper mine Milado copper mine, under the banner of the controlling shareholder, is in a period of capacity release, and the second phase of the 2025 project is expected to produce more than 260,000 tons of copper concentrate, leading a profitable smelting industry. In the next three years, the acquisition of the world-class mega-copper mine Milado copper mine will be in a productive position.
During the release period, with the help of the copper industry ' s high-growth cycle, there will be a significant increase in corporate profitability. Through multi-dimensional valuations, we have adopted absolute valuations and relative valuations, which combine from multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of a company ' s free cash flow calculations over several years, weighted average capital cost (wacc), tv assumptions and comparable public values.
The selection of the Division's valuation parameters has been integrated into the judgement of many individuals, which has led to a risk of deviation in the valuation, with a high 10-year free cash flow calculation, leading to a risk of optimistic valuations;2 The weighted average capital cost (wacc) has had a very significant impact on the firm's absolute valuation, and we are calculating Wacc.
Assuming a risk-free interest rate of 2.2 per cent and a risk premium of 6.5 per cent, there may still be a risk of an overvalued company ' s valuation due to a low estimate or margin for these parameters;
In comparison with enterprises that are close to the company's business or similar to downstream applications, we have selected comparable company averages in 2024 as a reference for relative valuation, taking into account the company's industry.
In projecting the company's performance, we set a number of assumptions and parameters, and the assumptions and parameters were set to include a number of personal judgements:
Factors such as regional relations have led to lower-than-expected construction progress, resulting in lower-than-projected corporate output and profitability, and we have judged the steady growth in downstream applications of corporate products based on national industrial policy and industry trends, as well as a smooth marketing of corporate products. However, this does not preclude changes in national industrial policies, and lower-than-expected developments in downstream areas, resulting in lower-than-expected growth.
The market demand for corporate products such as cathode copper, sulphuric acid, copper sulfate, etc. has not grown as expected, resulting in a lower than assumed risk of sales: 3. We assume that copper concentrate processing fees will remain close to $80 per ton over the next three years, but not due to copper mines
The company’s performance is influenced more by the copper market. As a commodity raw material, copper is subject to macro-based price volatility.
The impact of economic forms, domestic and foreign risk events, among other things, is more uncertain, and the rapid rise and fall in copper prices can easily lead to greater volatility in the company’s business performance. In recent years, firms, on the one hand, have expanded their production and increased capital spending, on the other hand, with large fluctuations in copper prices.
There is a significant increase in the volume of production and sales, and in the use of operating funds. Uncertainties such as poor financial management by companies, their potential existence, and the need for a development cycle for R & D projects, may change market trends in the development process, leading to a shift in technology R & D away from the market.
Issues such as demand on the ground, or the inability of newly developed technologies to scale their applications, may have a negative impact on the market share, economic efficiency and development prospects of companies. The non-ferrous metals extraction industry in companies is somewhat influenced by national policies, possibly due to taxes
Changes in preferential policies, energy conservation policies, etc., pose an uncertain risk to the company’s operations. Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations. Authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author