High-level support performance is strong, sustained high-scoring investment values are evident, and China ' s Gods (601088.sh) high-level assistance performance is strong and sustained high-scoring performance is high-scoring investment value.
High corporate profitability is expected to continue, with sustained high dividends highlighting long-term investment values. Keep the “buy-in” rating.
Sales volume: 229.7 million tonnes, + 5.4% of the year, of which 162.8 million tonnes of home-grown coal were sold + 2.2% of the year; Combined average price of 566 yuan/tonne, +5.8% of the year, 533 yuan/tonne of home-grown coal sold, +4.9% of the year, mainly due to the decline in market price of coal; cost of production of home-grown coal tonnes of $191.7 million/t, + 2.0% of the year, and sale of home-grown tonnes of coal
(a) Coal sales of 112.6 million tons, ring ratio - 3.8 per cent, of which home-grown coal sales 82.5 million tons, ring price + 2.7 per cent;
Ring ratio + 7.8 per cent; home-grown tons of coal Māori $211.9/t, ring ratio 10.3 per cent, Māori rate drops by 4.5 pct to  integrated operation and high proportion of J.C.C.A. maintains a steady profit, and there is still room for scaling up. Coal production capacity is expected to expand again: in June 2023, the company announced a cash acquisition and control shareholders ' National Energy Group
In addition, the company’s new street, first and second wells of the new Daigue Temple site have obtained a mining licence. Pawd’s coal mine has been raised from 5 million to 8 million tons per year.
The Bureau approved that Li Jia Trung and Victor I open-air mines could be able to make an orderly advance in the application process.
The weight rate anchor and space – company depth report – is effective enough to iron the price of coal, add up a high proportion of coal companies – and is expected to maintain a stable level of profitability. Red highlights the value of the investment – company reports in the first quarter of 2024.
In this context, we believe that companies have both the will to sustain a high percentage of the red, as well as the ability to make a steady profit.
Valuing the value of investments - Corporate Information Update