The price of coal is on the bottom line, and the high score is still attractive.
Cny46/hkd40 incident: the price of light-season power coal rebounded, the power plant consumed on a daily basis, and the price of the coffers increased before the windfall. Conclusions and recommendations: the price of light-season power coal rebounded and the base of the price of power coal was tightened.
The super-expected policy support of the central bank will further enhance the attractiveness of high dividends. As a domestic coal-coal pipeline, the company operates robustly and maintains a high-level red-dimension policy over the long term. The attraction is highlighted by the fact that it maintains “a low-season price rises, the release of pre-coal prices in September, and the port of Qin 5,500 on 25 September.”
The high daily consumption of demand-side power plants at a cost of 870 yuan/tonne and Mom+3.6% of large-scale coal power plants has been affected by rainfall, resulting in a decline in the overall supply and demand pattern, which has contributed to the low price of powered coal. The current rainy season has seen a weakening of hydropower, with electricity generating 61.9 billion kWh in August.
Youy+3.7%, a drop in the same year. The power plant’s daily consumption level ring ratio has fallen slightly, but it is still at a historically high level. Since August, the three gorge reservoirs have fallen, and the current level of the reservoir is clearly below last year’s level for the same period, and the demand for electricity may still be on fire with the seasonal decline in hydropower.
In addition, near the national holiday, there is a need for complementary reservoirs downstream before the holiday, which further supports the rise in the price of power coal, reflecting the current volatility of coal prices. This low-season rise has boosted market confidence, and it is expected that there will be room for upwards in the price of power coal in the q4 season.
In the long run, coal prices are supported by the bottom: we believe that this low-season price increase also reflects the establishment of the bottom of coal prices. Coal, as a domestic energy ballast, is considered to be less likely to expand production or increase dependence on imports, and the supply and demand are still balanced and transported off the border.
This year, the price of Qin Hong Kong has been running at more than $800, which confirms our view. The policy is over-expected, and high-scoring red attractions have increased: American boots have landed in September, and they have opened up further.
On September 24, the central bank announced that it would reduce the deposit reserve rate by 0.5 percentage points, reduce the seven-day back-purchase rate by 0.2 percentage points, and further ease monetary policy. In addition, the Bank announced the creation of securities, funds, insurance companies, swap facilities, and liquidity.
Repurchase and re-prisoner loans are directed to commercial banks to provide loans to listed companies and major shareholders for re-purchase and re-purchase of listed company shares. We believe that the high-equity pole will be fully supported by this report, which is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. Investments by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.