In August 2024, China's operational data points were evaluated.
Incident: On September 14, 2024, China’s Senghua issued the August 2024 announcement on its main operational data. The sales of coal, the distribution/sale of electricity, and the sales of coal-chemicals increased to varying degrees.
By August, the company had sold 137.5 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 4.7 per cent in the same year. The main reason for the increase in electricity generation was the increase in electricity in the newly shipped fleet and the lower base for the same period the previous year.
The sales volume of coal-chemicals increased the same year in August. Corporate sales of polyethylene in August 2024 were 32.0 thousand tons, an increase of 4.2 per cent in the same year; sales of polyethylene in early 2024 to August were 210.7 thousand tons, a decrease in the same year; sales of monthly polypropene were 198.3 thousand tons, a decrease of 13.5 per cent.
The main reason for this decline from the beginning of the year until August 2024 was the planned parking and overhaul of the coal-based production equipment between April and May and the reduction in production of polyolefin products.
Rail transport turnover has increased, and shipping traffic has decreased on a year-on-year basis.
Business restructuring, with a higher base for the same period of the previous year. Investment proposal: vertical integration of the company ' s coal circuits and a high proportion of the COICA guarantee relatively stable profitability, and there is still room for an increase in the company ' s coal size, the new street in Inner Mongolia
In the context of the National Development Reform Commission's approval of the New Street and the New Street 2 project, both of which are 8 million tonnes/year-olds, the new "Nine of Nations" encourages listed companies to increase their share of red frequencies and dividends, we believe that the company will continue to provide feedback in the form of high dividends.
Investors, with a strong long-term investment value. The expected net return profits for the period 2024-2025 are as follows: the “market index” of this rating system,a a stock reference of 300 indexes; the new three-board reference point of three; the owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk” and a “stable” investor is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.