Coal power plate production has increased steadily and price fluctuations have had a small impact on profitability Events: On 30 August 2024, the Chinese Shunhua released its semi-annual report, and the company realized the Chinese Shunhua (601088) in the first half of 2024
Operating income of $168,078 million, a decrease of 0.80 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother of $29,504 million, and coal plates: a drop in the price of small increases in sales, a rise in costs, a fall in profits of one billion tons, an increase of 5.4 per cent in the same year, mainly due to an increase of 14.2 per cent in the volume of coal purchased from abroad.
The company has been active in energy conservation tasks, with 2.6 pct less than the same ratio per year, and the monthly sale price has decreased by an average of 566 yuan per ton, or 5.8 per cent, at a cost of 191.7 yuan per ton per ton in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.0 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in social insurance contribution policy and progress.
A measured increase in the remuneration of employees has led to an increase in labour costs (+18.3%). The price of coal plates has fallen, the cost of stacking has increased, and the profit margin has narrowed. The coal plates have achieved a total profit of 26,039 million yuan, compared to the electricity plates: enhanced operations and additional installed power generation have increased, and the price falls have affected the profits.
In the first half of the year, coal-fired electricity was used for an average of 2354 hours, a decrease of 6.2 per cent, coal-fired electricity for 404 kWh/mw, a decrease of 3.3 per cent in the same year, and electricity sold at an average cost of $362.2.
In the first half of the year, the installed capacity was 44822 megawatts, with 188 megawatts added. The increase in coal-fired electricity generated business income of 44.354 billion yuan, an increase of 0.4 per cent over the same period.
The increase in old and amortized costs, labour costs, etc., increased by 1.4% and the total profit of 2024h1
The sum of $8,251 million fell by 9.5 per cent and the Maori rate by 0.8 pct.
Transport and Coalification Blocks: Increased profits from transport operations plate and significant decline in profits from coal section
The business income of the railway branch of 2024h1 amounted to $22,442 million, an increase of 1.4 per cent in the same year, with a total profit of $6,923 million, an increase of 1.9 per cent in the same year; the business income of the port branch increased 4.7 per cent in the same year, while the total profit was only slightly higher as a result of the increased costs of dredging, labour costs, etc.
By 0.2 per cent; by 3.5 per cent of operating income and by 4.3 per cent of operating costs, the shipping division increased its total profit level by 88.1 per cent as a result of the decline in shipping turnover; by 88.1 per cent of total profits, the coal industry branch was affected by equipment repairs, lower production and sales of polyolefin products, and lower operating income and operating costs at the same time.
15.2 per cent, with total profits falling by 96.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, companies continued to develop integrated business models around coal, power generation, railways, ports, shipping, coal industry development \triangleright
The company owns high-quality coal resources such as the Shindong mines, the Bigel mines, the Victory mines, the Pozhikhler mines, and the New Street Ge Temple mines. On 30 June 2024, China's standard coal holdings amounted to 33,690 million tons, while coal reserves amounted to 1.36 billion tons.
The high-parameter clean coal combustion unit, which was controlled and operated by the company on 30 June 2024, has a capacity of 44,822 megawatts. The company controls and operates the ring-based radiative rail transport network around the main coal bases of “Sinxi, Xingbei and Monnan” and the Great East Coal Corridor of the “Symbol-Shoal Line” and the rings.
The company also controls and operates a number of integrated ports and wharfs (with a total capacity of about 270 million tons/year) with a fleet of approximately 213 million tons of shipwrecked ships, as well as about 600,000 tons/year of operational capacity.
The Coal Hydrocarbons Project. In the first half of 2024, the Coal Group Coal, Power Generation, Transport and Coal Chemical Divisions continued to promote the continuity of coal resources and their safety management. Coal \triangleright for the first half of 2024
There have been positive developments in the processing and production of carbon certificates.
The project approval process was carried out in an orderly manner. In addition, during the first half of the year, the safety situation in the company was stabilized, and a series of regulations, such as the Regulations on the Safe Production of Coal Mines, were fully implemented.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We believe that along with the marginal improvement in demand as a result of stimulus policies, coal, carbon prices are expected to remain medium-high: at the same time, there is a steady increase in electricity consumption across society, and the trend of rising electricity prices by companies is expected to continue, thus supporting higher profitability.
We expect the value of future investments to be even more significant. We expect the company to realize a net return profit of \triangleright in 2024-2026.
Uncertainty in the policies of the carbon and electricity-related industries; accident of safe production in coal mines, etc. Dr. Zhoming, University of Mines, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, expert bank member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation, member of the China Price Association's coal price ad hoc committee and former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Sectoral Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) has been involved in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for over a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project on Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He is responsible for research on the coal sector.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, Member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University, formerly researched large energy panels such as Securities and Natural Gas.
Minister, who has worked in coal production for many years, in the technical management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market transformation
Ge, Virtual Power Plant Applied Research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector. Xinxuan, Master of Finance, Australian National University, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the coal and electricity sectors.
Wu Bojing, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the coal industry. Lee, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022 for research in the coal industry, Li Dong, Master of Science, University of Southern California, January 2023 for research in the coal industry.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Joined the Sunda Securities Research Centre in April 2023 for research on natural gas and electricity, Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research on coal.
This report is prepared and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, and provides support and reference for investment decisions for this category of customers. Both parties have strict rights and obligations.
This report is available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The recipients do not consider the Cadastre to be an ex-officio customer of the company because they receive it. Clients should be aware that the report is based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the Cadastre, but the Cadastre does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the original presentation of the report.
It should not serve as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.