China Sea Oil Clothes (601808). 2020q1 performance exceeded expectations, and two core operations continued to grow.
The net profit of 2020q1 is $1.14 billion, significantly exceeding our expectations. With the effects of the epidemic, a large number of businesses have been delayed to resume work, and one quarter is the light season for oilfield services, with a market value in circulation (million yuan):
The net profit of $1.14 billion is far more than we expected, mainly because, first, the company's main work environment is the offshore platform, and actual work progress is less affected by the epidemic except for the transportation of goods, and secondly, in order to implement the energy security strategy, capital expenditure on exploration and development in China and China and China and China are stable, with 70 per cent of the revenue generated from the latter.
Drilling services and oilfield technical services have continued to grow. In 2019, drilling services have crossed the profit-and-loss balance point, and performance elasticity began to emerge, with 2020q1.
During the period, the number of drilling rigs continued to grow, with the company operating for 3889 days, an increase of 577 days, or 17.4 per cent, over the same period.
Oil prices continue to be the market’s most important concern, waiting for a time to bounce back. “N.S.S.E.A.A. – Middle Sea clothing (601808): the company’s performance is high”
Global crude oil stocks are currently high, oil prices have once fallen below $20/bpm, domestic oil companies have also grown, low oil prices have not rebounded. 2020.03.27. Timely readjustment of capital spending plans. Demand in the garments sector has contracted, markets are pessimistic, China is oiling.
We believe that the time for a sharp rebound in oil prices may have come out of the First Report by the Dollar Securities Corporation - China Sea Oil Clothes (601808): Week: There are now a large number of companies on the supply end that are out of the market or that the rapid recovery of the epidemic has brought about a recovery in demand.
The signs of recovery are clear, and the growth of technical services is underestimated. 2020.02.03, we see that we have confidence in an upturn in the epidemic and a rebound in oil prices.
Drilling services and oilfield technical services continue to grow, and the company Hu Xiaohui is expected to grow.
China’s oil capital expenditure has increased at a slower than expected rate, oil prices have declined significantly, oil field technical services have not grown as much as expected, drilling service operating day rates have fallen, and costs have increased at a higher rate than expected. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.