South-West Securities Research and Development Centre for the full benefit of the seven-year action plan
• The efficiency gains are significant, with significant market expectations for 2020q1 performance of $8.17 billion, or +38.3 per cent, for 2020q1; net profit returns of $1.14 billion, or +3575 per cent, for the larger supermarket. Consider the $188 million settlement paid to the company by equinor, which takes into account current gains and losses, and at the same time
The seven-year action plan to fully benefit from the seven-year action plan has resulted in a significant increase in the volume of operations of each block: the continuous advancement of the seven-year action programme to fully benefit, and the increasing volume of operations of the drilling platforms, ships, and oilfield technical services.
The volume of plate operations increased on a year-on-year basis, with the platform operating for 3889 days and +17.4 per cent of the same year; the number of days of operation and usage of self-incentive and semi-submarine drilling platforms continued to increase. Shipboard operations were smooth, with companies owning fleet days with 98.2 per cent of the calendar days, compared with +2.9 pt, reaching new highs in recent years; and chartered ship operating days.
In terms of oil field technical services, companies have been upgrading their technological R & D and industrialization capabilities, increasing their efforts in large domestic and overseas markets, increasing the volume of business lines, and increasing their overall income significantly. Drilling, technology-driven double-wheel drive, highlighting the growth of the cycle: the growth cycle of the company started in 2018.
In the middle of medium- and low-price prices, the company uses oil technology services as its main profit point and achieves a breakthrough. The company’s technological strength has increased significantly, highlighting the growth of the current cycle.
Drilling plates benefit fully from domestic energy conservation policies, with a higher climate than foreign oil-suit companies, and a continued increase in platform 2020q1. Oil prices have fluctuated significantly in recent times, and if further robust, the rise in counter utilization is expected to lead to a boom in corporate performance.
• The domestic energy security in-house needs are well-defined and direct benefits from higher upstream capital spending: recently, the Political Bureau meeting specifically launched the six- warranty mission, which includes “food security”. Oil companies responded positively under the six- warranty requirement. China Sea oil has made it clear that domestic crude oil and natural gas production will increase.
In spite of the overall decrease in capital spending, domestic capital expenditure remains unchanged. Companies, as domestic offshore oils taps, will benefit directly in the context of energy conservation, which is being promoted at the national policy level.
With the addition of domestic capital expenditure, the volume of drilling, technology, etc., and profitability, there is a continuous upward movement towards the global sea-caps (2020-04-02)
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: While the epidemic has hit international crude oil market demand significantly, there is still a large gap between domestic production and the goal of increasing production, looking at the medium- to long-term sustainability of the seven-year action plan. Companies are expected to achieve significant efficiency gains, with 2020q1 performance expected to be significantly higher: $8.17 billion, compared to the benchmark for 2020q1.
+38.3 +38.3 +1.40 million yuan net profit on return, compared to +3575%, expected by the big supermarket. Taking into account the $188 million settlement paid to the company by equinor to take into account gains and losses in the current period, as well as $120 million in asset-depreciating preparations, after graduation, there are still 660 million yuan in performance, which is growing rapidly over the previous quarter.
The seven-year action plan to fully benefit from the seven-year action plan resulted in a significant increase in block operations: the seven-year action programme to fully benefit from the continuous expansion of the seven-year action programme, with an increasing volume of drilling platforms, ships and oilfield technical services. The number of drilling plate operations increased on a par, with the platform operating for 3889 days + 17.4 per cent of the same year; and the number of days of operation and utilization of self-incentive and semi-submarine drilling platforms continued to increase.
High point; the number of days out chartered vessels are equal to +39.4% in the field technical services, with companies constantly upgrading their technological R & D and industrialization capabilities, increasing their capacity to open up domestic and overseas markets, significantly upswinging business lines, and a significant overall increase in revenue. This cycle of substantial reversals began in 2018 with the continued advancement of the national energy security policy for increased production, with a clear increase in oil technology.
This cycle of growth: the country’s policies have continued to build on the need for energy to boost production. Against the backdrop of the growing need for self-control over the country’s hydrocarbon resources, the country has, since 2018, frequently introduced accompanying policies to boost our oil and gas reserves.
The price of crude oil was at one point down by $50, but capital spending on three barrels of oil continued to increase, and the domestic garment industry started a new cycle. In 2019, the net profit on non-return to the mother was $2.1 billion, a significant loss in comparison, with oil technology services being the main contributor to the company’s performance, with Māori accounting for over 68 per cent in 2019.
The utilization rate of the 2020q1 drilling platform continued to increase: in 2019, the number of heating-led platform operations in the beneficiary industry increased, with the public drilling platform operating 14737 days, compared with +32.3 per cent, an increase of 11.7 pct to 78.5 per cent on the company ' s calendar day, broken down by 81.0 per cent on the self-upgrade platform calendar day, compared with +14.4 pct; and the use of the semi-submarine platform.
The rate was 71.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis +3.9 pct. At the same time, the company ' s daily rates for drilling platforms were raised in tandem with overall warming. In 2019, the company ' s daily rates for self-incented drilling platforms were $68,000, compared to 6.3 per cent; the daily rate for semi-submarine drilling platforms was +17.4 per cent; and the number of days and usage of self-incentive and semi-submarine drilling platforms continued to increase.
Domestic energy security built-in demand is well-defined and direct benefits from higher upstream capital spending; recently, the Political Bureau meeting, inter alia, introduced a six- warranty mission, including “food security”. Oil companies have responded positively under the six- warranty requirement. China Sea oil has made it clear that domestic crude oil and natural gas production targets will remain stable.
The company will benefit directly from the build-up of domestic capital expenditure, the drilling of wells, technology, etc., and the profitability of domestic oil and gas production, in the context of domestic offshore oil-suppliers and energy security, which is being promoted at the national policy level.
There is a strong correlation. If domestic oil and gas production is not as strong as expected, it may lead to less-than-anticipated domestic operations in the garment industry, less-than-anticipated indicators of transmission to company drilling platform daily fees, utilization rates, etc., affecting company Māori rates, and less-than-anticipated capital spending on domestic oil companies: companies, as oil-field service providers, are mostly home-grown.
There is therefore a strong correlation between the domestic oil firm’s capital expenditure and the company’s revenues. If the domestic oil firm’s capital expenditure falls short of expectations, it will have an impact on the company’s income.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.