Analysiser: Over a quarter performance supermarket expectations, forward looking at low oil prices or
The company released its annual report for 2019 on 25 March, which reviewed its performance as follows: in 2019, the company collected $31,135 million (+41.87 per cent) and its net profit of $2,502 million (+3434.12 per cent) to the mother.
20q1 Despite the sharp drop in oil prices, the seven-year programme of action of the countries in which the company benefited was accompanied by positive upwards and effects, and performance supermarket expectations: The company received $188 million in settlement income from equinor in 2001, at the rate of 20 years.
The average current exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi for the first quarter is 6.98 yuan, or 1.312 billion yuan. After deducting this part of the revenue from the Department of Public Administration, the company collected $6,856 million in 2001, which is still a higher increase of 16.05 per cent compared to the same period last year.
In 2001, the impact of the global epidemic on the global economy and the conflict between oil-producing countries on the global economy and oil-producing countries, with the impact of the global epidemic on the global economy and the impact of the oil-producing countries on oil-producing countries, has fallen from 88.59 per cent in the same period last year to 81.71 per cent in the first quarter of the year.
The price of oil has fallen sharply, and the oil industry has faced a sharp deterioration in the environment, but companies have benefited from the more stringent demand for oil field services under the seven-year programme of action in the country, on the one hand, and through a rational allocation of resources and a comparison of the company's position with the depth of 300 years.
In addition to the efficiency gains, we believe that the company has outperformed its market expectations because of the isolation of its offshore operating platforms and modes of operation. The company drilling platforms, ships, and oil field technical services have increased to varying degrees in the reporting period.
In oil field technical services, the company continuously upgrades its technological R & D and industrialization capabilities, increases its efforts in domestic and overseas markets, and there has been a marked upturn in business lines and a significant overall increase in revenue. In drilling services, the current period has seen a revival of the market as a whole, and the company operates two types of drilling platforms.
Increases in the number of days, availability and use of calendar days were achieved, as follows: self-incented drilling platform operating days of 2980 (+18.2 per cent) and semi-submarine drilling platform drilling days of 909 (+14.9 per cent); self-incentive drilling platforms of 84.8 per cent (+4.3 pcts) and semi-submarine drilling platforms of angels
Rates of 82.3 per cent (+13.5 pcts); 80.9 per cent (+3.1 pcts) and 71.4 per cent (+5.0 pcts) for self-introduction drilling platforms. In ship services, there has been an increase in the volume and usage of lines of operations.
Supply of vessels, multi-ships and repair wells in support of five types of vessels, with an increase in the number of operational days, availability and use of calendar days. Total data show that 7926 (+2.7 per cent) of all five ships operated by the company, 98.6 per cent (+1.2 pcts) and 98.6 per cent (+1.2 pcts) were available daily.
98.2 (+2.9 pcts). In addition, there was a marked increase in out-of-company ship chartering during the reporting period, with a total of 4601 days, representing an increase of 39.4 per cent over the same period. In the area of surveying and engineering services, there was a decrease in the number of two-dimensional and three-dimensional collection operations on a year-on-year basis owing to the effects of the spread of the epidemic in the country and overseas, as well as to the reconfiguration of the group ' s equipment.
However, the operation of submarine cables with a higher unit cost of services amounted to 482 square kilometres, an increase of 49.7 per cent over the same year.
Compared to the previous year, exchange losses decreased significantly in the current year; sales costs were better controlled with a 2.33 per cent decrease in the same year; management costs increased by 26.29 per cent over the same year, although at a slower rate than the 38.27 per cent increase in corporate reporting, but higher than the elimination of the settlement income paid by equinor to companies in 2001, companies committed to greater autonomy and faster R & D costs. Research and development costs increased by 42.79 per cent over the same year, mainly due to public spending.
The Division has increased its investment in technology-based research and research, and has strengthened its capacity to operate autonomously. Increased research and development of technology-related modules by companies has contributed to greater autonomy, reduced demand for technology outsourcing, and, in the long term, improved company resilience to market risks and profitability.
In the context of the seven-year programme of action, which began at home, and the continued increase in investment in oil and gas exploration and exploitation, and the sustained recovery of investment in upstream global exploration and development as the price of international oil hovers, companies have rationally allocated resources, scaled up technology diffusion, and continued to improve their operational capabilities and achieve excellent performances. On the domestic market, companies have continued to consolidate China’s offshore leading position, increasing domestic market ownership and maintaining a leading role.
On the international market, 84 new contracts have been signed overseas, with over $1 billion, and a new breakthrough has been made in new regions and new clients. 74 new contracts have been signed by countries along the “one-way” route, with a total contract value of about $900 million. The company has earned $31.135 billion (+41.87%) and a net interest rate of 8.12% (+7.72 pcts) throughout the year.
The Māori rate for several other operations is higher than the overall profit rate; while well drilling services have contributed less in 19 years than technical services in the oilfields, they have rebounded considerably in 19 because of their 18-year Māori rate of negative 4.50 per cent and their 19-year Māori rate of 11.70 per cent, which has contributed more to the increase in profits than technical services in the oilfields, as follows:
In terms of sub-operations, oilfield technical services: thanks to the industrialization of the company's 19-year series of technical products and the acceleration of commercialization, the company's oil field technical services won 15,061 million yuan, an increase of 53.3 per cent over the same period, with a Māori rate of 26.40 per cent (+1.00 pcts). Technically, a large number of owner-owned high-end drilling fluids, deep-water high-temperature and pressure-fixing wells, modular pressure sampling, 205°C high-temperature, drilling side, drilling side, drill pressure, etc.
In terms of market openings, the Asia-Pacific region has successfully received contracts for the maintenance of wells, repairs, drilling fluids and cable surveying services, the successful renewal of the contract for the maintenance of sea wells in Myanmar, and the successful piloting of the cable surveying wells and puncture services project, which has led to the re-entry of surveying services into the city of Myanmar.
In the Americas, the U.S.A. received the Canadian Surrey Well Service Project and the Mexican Cable Logging Service Contract, which led to a breakthrough in the land market in the Americas. Drilling services: benefited from an upturn in domestic investment in exploration and development, increased domestic production in the seven-year plan of action, a recovery in investment in global upstream exploration and development, a total annual operating income of $10.842 billion in 2019 for company drilling services, an increase of 39.6 per cent, and a Māori ratio.
11.70 per cent (from minus 4.50 per cent to positive). During the period, the Group obtained a number of large-scale drilling service contracts globally, with a slight 1.1 per cent increase in equipment usage and operations, and ship service: in 2019, the company ' s ship service operations achieved operating income of 3,059 million yuan, an increase of 13.0 per cent, and a gross interest rate of 10.20 per cent (+1.40 pcts). In 2019, the company operated its own fleet for 30986 days (+2.4 per cent), with a daily utilization rate of 94.3 per cent.
Ship operations are based, coordinated, strengthened security capacity-building and equipment management capacity-building, with an average annual rate of 99.9 per cent of equipment in good condition and sustained growth in good operational management. Domestically, there has been a marked increase in positive layout in the face of oil exploration and development needs; overseas, marine stone year company collection and engineering services have generated 2,173 million yuan, a 31.6 per cent increase compared with the rate of 13.00 per cent (+11.8 pcts).
In 2019, company collection and engineering operations, on the one hand, were aggressive in opening up markets, obtaining contracts for overseas collection, such as in Canada, offshore wind and wind, on the other hand, continued to achieve a significant and rational integration of external resources, on the other hand, expanded production capacity, kept up to date with the country ' s single-day production record and achieved a safe production zero accident while guaranteeing a significant increase in operations throughout the year.
During the year, the share of corporate operating costs in revenue fell from 89.05 per cent in 18 years to 81.23 per cent, and the cost of sales and management of companies increased by 26.33 per cent over the same period of time. International oil prices continued to be low, or affected the company’s operations abroad, but in the long run, under the seven-year programme of action, the country’s upward spending on exploration was on the rise, and corporate performance was guaranteed in a basic way that should not be overly pessimistic.
In the long run, however, our domestic demand for hydrocarbon services has become more rigid: we have seen high levels of oil consumption over the years, but we are highly dependent on the outside world, in which case the seven-year programme of action to address our overdependence on oil and gas is of strategic importance.
While low oil prices may be adjusted somewhat in terms of time distribution and the type of operations that will be focused on in different years, demand remains in the long run. The public sector is the leading company in our marine oil service, with a very high market rate and competitiveness that has been tested since 14 years of oil price decline.
As a result, the company is partially cutting off its overseas operations while increasing the profitability of its domestic operations, taking into account the rigidity of the domestic demand for uniforms under the seven-year action plan, the expectations of continued low global oil prices and the company's operational capacity, we have made major adjustments in the scale of exchange rate fluctuations;
Figure 1: Company operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan; %)
Figure 3: Corporate operating costs: three fees (in billions of yuan) Figure 4: Corporate Māori, net profit and cost rates (in %) Figure 5: Corporate R & D inputs (in billions; %)
Figure 6: Business receipts by calendar year (in billions of yuan) [Evaluation report by China Sea Oil Clothing (601808)]