The performance of the computer is over-expected, and the start-up business is expected to accelerate progress at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Performance summary: 2020h1 achieved operating income of $3.99 billion, a 13.4 per cent decline in the same year; achieved a net profit of 250 million yuan, a 23.1 per cent increase in the same year; achieved a net profit of 140 million yuan, a 37.6 per cent increase in the same year; achieved a significant increase in net profit under the twin pressures of trade warfare and the epidemic, with higher performance expected in the second half of the year.
2020h1, due to external events, the company still achieved a 23.1 per cent increase in its net return profit on a year-on-year basis, with a 13.4 per cent decline in revenue on a year-on-year basis, which we assume is mainly due to the continuation of the trend towards high-mori business in 2019. During the reporting period, the company continued to target high-end computers and storage.
Research and development, such as storage, cloud computing, big data, network security, and autonomous software, have increased their investment in research and development, leading to a significant increase in the cost of research and development on a par with that of companies. As the negative impact of external events weakens, we expect that 2020h2 companies’ performance will grow further, with a marked recovery in the rate of recovery.
• Large-scale surge projects are faster than expected, and the process of industrialization of the home-grown processor chip is expected to accelerate. In 2020, 20% of this amount will be spent on high-end computer-io module development and industrialization projects, $2 billion on high-end computer development and expansion projects based on home-grown chips and $480 million on high-end computer interiors.
This is a large increase in the amount of funds raised in the proposed increase, which is mainly related to high-end core computer technology, which contributes to the industrialization of the home-grown processor chip, and is a key step in the corporate strategic start-up area.
The impact of the list of entities is expected to be phased out, and the sea light chip is expected to produce. The company’s inclusion in the list of entities in the United States has had a certain impact on business, with companies actively and effectively communicating with major suppliers by overhauling the supply chain, looking for alternative components, and effectively securing the supply of most raw materials.
Indications suggest that the impact of the List is expected to be phased out: 1) Sealight Information achieved revenues of $390 million in 2019, or 10,000; 2) Companies increased their research and development of servers based on hard cores, etc., to the maximum extent possible to ensure high performance of high-performance devices (603019): performance exceeded expectations, it
Calculating the smoothness of business operations. We expect sea light to continue to develop healthyly with sustained investment. Core asset status highlights (2020-03-29) 2. Central Science and Light (603019): it infrastructure core
In the next three years, the growth rate of the parent ' s net profit compound has been around 30%. Given the company ' s cpu nuclear asset re-launching (2020-02-21), the firm ' s assets and the sea light chip are expected to make a profit elastic mass contribution by 2020, while the company is in the city cloud.
The storage process is progressing smoothly in the core of the IT infrastructure, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.1 The consolidation of the core it equipment supplier status, leading the area of high-performance computing, was established in 2006 as a leading domestic firm in high-performance computing.
It has developed into a domestic core of its equipment suppliers, with deep technological accumulations and leading market shares in the areas of high-end computing, storage, security, data centres, and the full use of high-end computing advantages, technological development in the fields of cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, and the creation of advanced computing industry ecology.
Products and solutions for clients in the areas of education, meteorology, medical care and utilities. Business income and net profits maintain high growth, with high-complexity growth proof of high-quality attributes. 1) Business effects lead to a narrow harvest in the second half of the year. 2) Net profits: From 2015 to 2019, net profits on corporate returns grew from 180 million yuan.
In the first half of 2020, the company achieved operating income of $3.99 billion, a 13.4 per cent decline in the same year; a net return of $250 million, a 23.1 per cent increase in the same year; and a steady increase in performance as a result of the trade war and the epidemic.
In terms of revenue structure, there are three main clusters of company-owned operations: high-end computers, software development, systems integration and technology services, storage of products. 1) high-end computer revenues in 2019 amounted to $7.5 billion, an increase of 4.2 per cent over the same period. 2) Māori share: in 2019, company-owned high-end computer operations had a lower Māori rate, with only 14.4 per cent gross.
The profit ratio was only 51.4 per cent, well below the revenue ratio; the Māori rate for software development, system integration, and technology services was 76 per cent, while Gon contributed 38.3 per cent of the total Māori; the Māori ratio for storage products was 22.5 per cent, contributing 10.3 per cent. Corporate profitability continued to improve, and R&D investment showed a rising trend in the short term.
The Māori Division's Māori rate was 22.1 per cent, an increase of 3.8 pp over the same period last year, mainly due to an increase in the ratio of operations with a high Māori rate; a net interest rate of 6.7 per cent, an increase of 1.5 pp over the same period. For the last three years, the company's profitability has steadily increased. 2) In terms of cost rates: in 2019, the company's sales fee was 4.8 per cent, an increase of 0.6 pp over the same period last year, and the overall decline has been maintained in recent years; the management cost rate has been 2.4 per cent compared to 2.4 per cent.
Increased investment in R & D for companies has resulted in a significant increase in expenditure on R & D personnel costs, materials and processing fees and extra-commissioned services. 2020h1, company sales costs have decreased by 0.5 pp over the year; management costs have increased by 0.5 pp over the year; R & D costs have increased by 2.5 pp over the year, mainly because companies continue to target high-end computers, storage, cloud computing, big data, network security, etc.
Research and development, such as autonomous software, has increased investment in research and development, assuming that 1: the growth of high-performance computer operations will grow every year. Subject to the influence of the physical inventory, the shortage of raw materials in the corporate chip has slowed growth in 2019 and the physical inventory impact is expected to be phased out in 2020.
In addition, at the end of 2019, the company won a high-end computer bill of 1.6 billion, laying the foundation for the growth of the high-performance computer business plate by 2020. Assumption 2: high growth in the storage of products. According to idc data, external storage at the domestic enterprise level is 2019q1, 2019q2,
Assumption 3: software development, system integration, and technology service operations continue to grow well. Corporate software development, systems integration, and technology service operations consist mainly of high-end computer software systems, urban cloud computing services, etc.
Computer software systems are growing with high-end computers: corporate cities are growing well, with revenue growing at 72% and 34% in 2018 and 2019, respectively, and are expected to continue to grow fast in the future. We have selected four owners from companies with some similarities to China’s main business and industry.
In 2019, four companies averaged 44 times, and in 2020 they were expected to average 65 times. We pre-contribute profit elasticity, while companies are making good progress on urban cloud and storage in the core assets of their infrastructure, maintaining “buy-in” of the sea light chip production below expectations; urban clouds are not growing as expected; and storage demand risks fall.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.