National product cpu is strong, the government project is next in town... and the government project is next in town.
28/07/2020: Following the collapse of the 350 million server project in a gab department, China has control of the approximate re-occupation of the server list and the fact that the previous mid-point was established.
From the success of the Ministry of Public Security's Science and Technology Information Bureau, it appears that 8063 servers, representing 100% of the total purchase order of $352 million, and an average unit cost of approximately $437,000, can be used to meet the purchase order for a certain piece of technical information in Gab.
The company’s main data (2020.7.27) is a high-end second-way server. From this procurement, there is a clear advantage in Chinese control, with 7000 sea light, the main configuration of which is prominent in the performance of the national product cpu, compared to 9394 in mobile server collection.
One of the public security services' information bureau servers has a higher volume than expected, with China's ability to control it and sealight information benefiting directly, and China's ability to access 7000 microchips meets the requirements of this tender application. The winning medium-controlled mainframe type H620-g30 is a company-class flag ship dual-way server based on the 7000 sealight processor, mainly for cloud computing, big data analysis,
Software defines applications such as data centres, with a chip structure of x86, with a maximum support of 64 physical cores, and sea light of 7,000 being national in the early stages of the rapid development cycle, which is expected to continue to benefit in the future by maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: 1. Cloud computing has not developed as expected, 2. Industry competition has increased, levels of Māori have declined, 3. technology has accelerated, Sinda Securities Inc.
On 9 April 2020, the Ministry of Public Security issued a call for tenders from the Directorate for Scientific and Technological Information: 28 categories of products procured (including servers, virtualized computing nodes, advanced plans).
Counting nodes, virtualized storage nodes, virtual machine management nodes, gpu computing workstations, accessories, etc., with a total budget of 554 million.The winning announcement of 14 May 2020 was published: China CICIO Ltd. won $352.98 million, eight of which participated in the bidding process, seven of which were rejected for providing proof of non-return of services from the original plant for five years for not providing all server hard disks (with accessories); one of the reasons for rejection - memory computing server cpuc
The model was not met: it was equivalent to or better than the intelxeonplatinum 8160 processor; the change announcement issued on 27 May 2020: challenge established and the project devalued. The main reasons for the loss of the bid were: 1. The NCC challenged that the solicitation requirements were not strictly enforced during the review phase; 2. The matter of Wei Jiaji and the Central Kochiun challenge.
The Government Procurement Information Circular of the Ministry of Finance of the People ' s Republic of China (No. 100822), issued recently, establishes the complaint under article 32, paragraph 2, of the Government Procurement Challenges and Complaints Procedure (Ministry of Finance Order No. 94), determines the nullity of the action and obliges the National Centre to modify the issue of the disposal of the item without the consent of the purchaser.
According to the Ministry of Public Security's Science and Technology Information Department, 8063 servers, with 100% of the total purchase orders, and an average unit cost of approximately $437,000, are controlled by the sea light server manufacturer. We believe that the purchase order for the server is mainly for high-end secondary servers in one of the gabs. From this procurement, there is a clear advantage in Chinese control, with 7000 sealights, the main configuration of which is prominent in the performance of the country's production cpu, compared to the collection of mobile servers.
The winning target of 9394, the higher volume of procurement of the IDA server in one of the public security departments, the direct benefit of Chinese science control and sealight information, and the potential benefit of the winning target is H620-g30, an enterprise-class flag ship dual-circuit server based on the sealight 7,000 processor, mainly for cloud meters, large data analysis, software definition of data centres, etc., with a chip structure of 86 x, top support of 64 physical cores, and sealight 7,000 belonging to the national server chip.
In the second half of the year, it is believed that the project is still high and that the government and industry projects will continue to move forward. Sealight and thugs are the best option in terms of the cpu performance of high-end servers, and the industry ' s high-end service providers are the best. The focus is on China ' s high-end services, with a projected net profit of $83,1263 million for 2020-2021. It is also recommended that attention be paid to China ' s Great Wall (the company Tianjin Flying recently released multi-way server chips to tuns2500), and purple light shares (the move of the designated national product cpu package in the Xin Sanhua cooperation bid).
We believe that China’s leading infrastructure major data manufacturer, benefiting from the continued development of the domestic cloud computing server market. In the future, in the context of rising demand for national production, the firm is committed to breaking through core key technologies, securing the server’s upstream supply chain, and building new infrastructure accelerates the growth of corporate ownership.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.