High growth in non-net profits and continued increase in profitability - the semi-annual evaluation report of China's Central Science and Light (603019) realized the deduction of $142 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 37.57 per cent over the same period.
The Māori rate has increased and the profitability of the company has continued to increase: in the first half of the year, the business income of the company declined, but the Māori rate rose by 3.27 pct to 21.19 per cent, mainly as a result of higher Māori excess business income as a percentage of the revenue. In addition, the company ' s sales and financial costs have been significantly lower in the first half of the year.
Lower, cost-side controls have been effective and corporate profitability has continued to increase. Increased R & D efforts and product competitive advantages have continued to rise: companies have continued to lead domestically and to become internationally advanced in the areas of high-end computers, storage, system software, cloud computing and big data.
The relative depth of the shares is 300 million yuan, an increase of 23.41 per cent. Companies combine marketing resources to further improve the quality of their products, adding 36 patents, of which 6 are patented, 13 are practical and new.
The company’s intellectual property system has been well established and maintained, further consolidating the firm’s development objective of taking over the core of technology, raising the firm’s core competitiveness. The subsidiaries have performed well, continuing to promote the eco-environment of the advanced computer industry: through the company’s efforts, the company has been able to develop a new technology-intensive system.
Extending industrial chain cooperation up and down to create a solid foundation for the deep integration of corporate products with industry applications. Companies perform well, with the participation of the firm ' s science-star map landing on July 8, 2020: Innovative business experiences such as the share company Sealight, Guangxi Cloud computing, etc.
Companies are also building up national centres for innovation in advanced computing industries, using web-based layouts and cluster-based development models to achieve multi-dimensional, synergistic development, technological and business models, and to promote eco-environmental development in advanced computing industries.
Aaaa_subsidization over-expected, aaaaq 3-quarter growth decelerated, aaaaa medium 603019
Risk factors: Increased friction in Central American trade, less than anticipated supply chain responses, increased competition in the market, and the negative impact of the new crown epidemic on the global economy.
Xu Ji-bin, Zhang Ying-yang