The information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment is growing in separate units, waiting for a massive increase in the 8-inch line: the company's operating income in the first half of 2018 was 1,437 million yuan, an increase of 10.70 per cent.
The net profit of the shareholders of the listed company netting off non-recurring gains and losses of $67,1010,000, the same year-on-year increase, is due to the fact that the company’s 8-inch line has not yet achieved a balance of gains and losses. But, with the company’s increase in capital for the 8-inch line, the 8-inch line has been accelerated to complete the project more quickly.
Guaranteed. On the other hand, affected by the volatility of demand on the led plate, the company's integrated circuit collection and profits on the led fell. Total equity/flow (million shares)
Power semiconductor price increases are inexorable, and the power semiconductor is growing. The total market value/flow (millions) of the power semiconductor is shrinking at the supply end of the 8-inch crystal mill, downstream light voltage, new energy vehicles, transformer power, military engineering.
The surge in market demand for the highest/minimum (millimeter) items of 12 months ' duration has triggered supply-side shortages and a temporary stocking of goods by downstream channels, which in turn has exacerbated the shortage of upstream crystals supply and increased tensions in the already fragile supply chain.
Slavi (600460) Pacific Securities-Slan mosfet has increased prices continuously for four quarters (2018 q2) since 2017 q3 and Micro: Strategic collaboration to map future development.
The delivery period continues to extend in the context of several price increases. mosfet, chromatic tubes and transistors with semiconductor giants moving towards a new journey.
The period of transistors has been further extended to 20 to 40 weeks. Against the backdrop of the market’s booming industry, Slander’s stand-alone business income has increased significantly, by 26.67 per cent over the same period last year.
The market is less competitive than the 8-inch production market, where the market is currently scarce, mosfet, and Slanwa is the only company in the company where the 8-inch line is already in production.
Slavi's 8-inch line began production in 2017q4 and currently has a capacity of 2w/month, which is planned to reach 4w/month by the end of this year, or 2019q1. And the company's 8-inch line is the idm model, which will be used entirely for the company's products.
The 8-inch line of production gives Slanwa the power to take initiative in this wave of price hikes. In the face of the tightness of the 8-inch product, other power semiconductor companies have projects or plans to build the 8-inch line, but procurement of the 8-inch line of equipment is currently difficult and talented.
Reserves are not always good, and it is expected that the 8-inch project will take about three years from construction to commissioning. So Slanwe has a current production of 8-inch lines, which means not only that Slan micro-technology is closer to international manufacturers, but also that it will benefit from it in the first place.
Into the high-end white power market, national production replaces large spaces. Power semiconductor applications are used to replace domestic production in the domestic electricity market, in order of difficulty, respectively, with electric toys, small household electricity, household electricity, medical electronics, motor electronics, orbital transport, and aeronautical electronics.
In the next three years, it is expected that the domestic power semiconductor will occupy the home electricity market. In 2017, the company ' s ipm power module product continued to break through the domestic white domestic electricity (mainly empty, ice, washing) and industrial frequency transformers.
In the first half of 2018, the output of the company's ipm power block continued to grow at a relatively fast pace, and now covers the country's main white power plant, which has a 12-inch layout. It's planning for a car wrapping plant. Xiamensranc is now building up.
The construction is expected to begin in the fourth quarter. The rapid increase in downstream demand makes the company’s input into the new production inch project a major point of view for the company’s future.
At the same time, the company plans to invest $200 million in a fully automated envelope of a vehicle-grade power module to speed up the pace of the new energy car market. The invertors in the new energy car system (the main component is the igbt power module) account for about 10% of the total vehicle cost, and the new energy vehicle is equipped.
The charge poles are more likely to boost the semiconductor. The company pre-positions the vehicle power module to prepare for the opening of the new energy car market in the future.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.