October 22nd, 2018, Shinda's brilliant push. Securities industry perspective: short-term rebound, medium- and long-term logic unchanged.
In September, the net profit margin of the listed dealers improved considerably, and the same year declined. In September, a key stock market index rebounded steadily, but the payments were still low, and equity financing contracted significantly. In this context, the listed securities were better off in September than in August, but declined significantly from the same period last year. In September, 30 listed securities (mother-size) recorded combined revenues of 13,514 million yuan, with net profits of $4,935 million, an increase of 85.74 per cent and 303.82 per cent respectively.
In the short and long term, the logic remains the same. In the short and long term, a strong regulatory voice raises market risk preferences, and in the short and medium term, low-value bondholders are motivated to rebound. In the medium and long term, differential innovation policies, such as off-the-shelf operations, off-the-shelf rights and Qinglong-Tong, a share integration with msci, and increased marketized competition as a result of licence liberalization, will strengthen the competition of lead bonders.
Market hot spots, industry depths, etc., have an important reference value for investors seeking absolute returns.
The period is one or two shares. The weekly update, if the offer remains the same, tracks the evaluation and the reason for the offer.
In the first half of 2018, the net return on corporate investment and the net income from entrusted client asset management business were 26.62, respectively. On a scale basis, the firm’s fully-owned subsidiaries’ fiduciary assets were growing steadily, and proactive management advantages were further enhanced.
During the first half of 2018, the amount of assets entrusted to the company was $219,702 million, an increase of 2.48 per cent from the end of the previous year, of which the size of the active management was over $200 billion, accounting for 98.23 per cent of the higher Sinda Securities Company, far above the average in the securities management industry, and the Eastern Censorship was ranked first in the net income industry in the management of assets.
"Cindasecuritiesco.ltd House 1, 9th Street, west corner of Beijing."
A net profit of $716 million, or 59.20 per cent, lags behind the industry. But, in our view, the main reason is that the company's own business income is higher. Given the higher share of the company's own business, it is more resilient than other listed companies in the industry.
— Eastern Stock Exchanges (2016.8.30), Self-Trust Profit Levels, High Corporate Flexibility (2017.4.10), Self-Governance Performance, Comparison), in charge of financial sector research since July 2014. Experiences with international and domestic multi-dimensional research, macro-strategy and industry.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.