The stock market is different from the market environment of April 2014. Last week, the stock market was strongly rebounded, especially on October 22, and it was too long-defeated.
At the policy level, there was a big difference between the four quarters of the year, where, although there was a two-tier meeting and local government indicated that a fund would be set up to address equity pledge dilemmas, the securities industry as a whole was faced with an environment of deleveraging and strong regulation, while in 2014 the securities industry was in a period of innovative development, the size of the financing coupons was gradually expanding to become a new growth point in the performance of bond dealers, and the stock pledge boomed. At the market level, there was a rebound in a share under policy intervention, but the trend remained strong, compared with stock prices in March 2014a
It is worth noting that the impact of stock pledge operations on the performance and valuation of bondholders is asymmetrical, and that the negative impact of the excessive decline of pledge money on the net assets and net profits of bond dealers is linear, but the increase in the price of pledge money above the flat line does not yield excess returns to bond dealers, thus placing stock pledges in the industry.
In the medium and long term, differential innovation policies, such as offshore operations, off-the-shelf rights and Quinlonton, a stock inclusion, an industry week product, a pre-positioning of policies, increased marketized competition as a result of the liberalization of licence plates will all enhance the competitive advantage of fronters, and industry concentration will continue to rise.
Market hot spots, industry depths are dug together to select the best among the companies that pursue [excellent push] industry coverage, each of which is a combination of [excellent push]: Eastern securities (600958).
The period is one to two shares. The weekly update, if the offer remains the same, is followed by an evaluation, and if the offer is made, the reasons are given.
Eastern securities (600958), \triangleright 1, significant increase in management income, and strong proactive management advantages. In the first half of 2018, net returns on corporate investment and net income from entrusted client asset management operations were 26.62, respectively.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. is in the vanguard of the industry. ltd is a full-fledged subsidiary with a steady increase in the size of its fiduciary assets management and a further increase in its proactive management advantage.
During the first half of 2018, the amount of assets entrusted to the company was RMB 2,19,702 million, an increase of 2.48 per cent from the end of the previous year. The size of these assets was over RMB 200 billion, or 98.23 per cent higher, far beyond the average in the securities management sector, and the Eastern Censorship was ranked first in the net income sector.
The data show that companies achieved operating income of $4.277 billion in the first half of 2018, a decrease of 7.58 per cent in the same year; net profits of $716 million, a decrease of 59.20 per cent in the same year for the shareholders of the parent company, are behind the industry. But we believe that the main reason is that the company earns more from its own business. Given the higher share of company self-employment and the greater elasticity of other listed companies in the industry.
Studies: First Coverage: Self-Finded Specialized Bonders - In-depth Report on Eastern Securities (2016.8.18), Self-Lowing Corporate Profiting - Midpoint Review of Eastern Securities (2016.8.30), Self-Lowing Profiting Levels and Higher Corporate Flexibility (2017.4.10), Self-Owned Capital Performance, Comparison), in charge of financial sector research since July 2014. Multi-dimensional research experience of international and domestic, macro-strategy and industry. Interactions with mainstream media such as Vision, Xinhua and others are frequent.
The securities industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) with the qualifications of the CSRC-approved securities investment consulting business. This report is produced and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for client signatories who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not intended for public distribution.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.