I don't know, hikvision forecastchange asia.
♪ China reauters bloomberg ♪
Xhangenicker technology shz
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Fromcny34.5, asweraisesourcesforcastliftthetargetmultipleto keychanges 30xfrom25x, trivenbyoutsourcesgrowthdueto
I'm sorry, Marginexpansion. better-than-expected marginexpansionandoutbook we have a highhighlighting hikvision'smarginexpansionthougharising
Solutionbusessandmanageofforts.3q17gpmof46%isahighsince2015, abovedb/consensusextactionssof42%.ashikvisioncontinuesto pursuesolosusionbusinessinsoverseasmarketsandsdomestic
Marginexpansioninto 2018/2019at44%. Price/pricereal alstrategyfousesonedgeloudcompuing
Hekvisitrecentlyannouncedits "alcloud" framworkat the 16th public safetyexpoinshenzhen.itstrategyfousesonedforclaudforvideo surveillenceapplications, whichallowsfasterresponsancesandthefilteringof
If you don't like it, you'll have to take care of it.
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it.
largescontributorisesviz, whosesubscribersexeed 20mn.inadditiontoa consumerclientbase, withbusinesscients, sochasretailchainandproperty management companyes, whiculizezezviezcloudttrackttrafficand
I don't know what you're talking about, monitorpremises.itsrobotbusinesshaslandedersforthreetypesof robotsforjd.com'nottotomatedwarehouseinshangai.weexttheinnovationbustogrove142%83%in2017/2018.
+150% +ytd (vs.chenzhen copositeindex:2%).
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, didbesupportedbyanaccelerated 34% profitcagrin2017-2019e, demandinindustry projectors (seepage8-10,fordetaels).
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
The people'srepublicofchina (Exceptincompiancewith theapplicable laws and regulation sofprc), excluting specialistactiveregionsoflongkongandmacau. hikvision
Reuters: 002415.sz Bloomberg: 002415ch companyprofile
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Calds, networlddiskvideororders, videoservers, cameras, networkworkstorage, andotherdigitalproduces. priceperformance
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something like this.
I don't know what to do with it, but I don't know what to do with it.
31% yoygroveth, duetocontinualmarketsharegains.more importantly, ideliveredstrong gpmof46.3% (vsdbe's42.6%) inthequar, asignificantimprovementfrom
43% in2q17andarecordhhighsince2015.managementattritesthemarginIprovementtomanagementeffortsandthegrovethofthehigher-margin solutionbusiness.withanopratiodeclineduetoscale, 3q17operating
14% profitwas aheafdbeatcny2.8bn, +55% qoqand+32% yoy.lower non-opincomawasoffsetbytaxrernhigh-techsoftwarequalitification. 3q17 profitwas 6% ofdbeatcny2.9bn, up58% qoqand 28% yoy, Arriving
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Newprogressindustriorobots jd.comcompletedits firststunmannedfactorrecently, whereotherobotsfor sorting, transportingandloading, and finallyversionsolationsareprovided
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of this, but we're going to be in the middle of it, and we're going to be in the middle of it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one who's got the money, but you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who' the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
"Madeinchina 2025."
Hekvisionhasbeenexpandingitsoverseasbusiness, givenitslowermarket shareoutsideofchina.in117, the Overseasrevenuecontributionrealed 30%, with 38% yoygroveth, duetosharegains.theoverseasbinessable.
Togenerateagehergpm (48 per cent/50 per cent in 2016/1h17) duomildercompetitation. moreover, managementtarsetstoincreasetheconstrubutionofprojectsand solutions overseasbusinsastheygeneratebettermarginsandre
I'm sorry, dear. Weberlievemanageshasdevotedadditional resourcesandsetupmore officestarsetthesolation/projectbusiness.its limitationtooverseasinscreasedto 30%in1h17fromunder20%in
2016. Management norecentorwindforasmartityprojectin singaporeofooverusd10mn, oneofthelargestaismartityprojectsinsouth-eastastasi.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, the overseasbusing project/solutionexposurewilbemargin accretivetohikvision'soverallmarkinprofile.
I don't know if you're going to do it, but you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.
Thefourr & dcenterswillwillcosty 6.5bnandbedeloyedinthecities ofxi'an, wahan, chengduandhangzhou.combinedwiththehangzhour&dcenter, theirr &dnetworkwillcover-westernprovincesinchinaand
The two producebaseswillcostny4bnandbedoloyedinchongqingand wahan.the codulationoftheproducebaseswillhelphikvisionvereverage
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Look, webelievetheinvestmentmentmentofmanagement'sstrategy tosecureitsleadershipoftainhevenidesurveillescherwholediversifyinginto newgrowthsegments.
shareaction bymajorshareholderhong-jiagongsold107msharresforcny3.1bnviaablock tradeon27september.thatsharesacountedfor 7.2% and 1.2%ofhistotal
Holdings (16.2 per cent) andoutstandingshares, actively. Afterthetransaction, mrgongongremainsthecondlargestshareholderwith 1.39bnshares, accoundingfor15.01 per centofthetotalstock.
I don't know, Mr. Konghasstartedtooffloadhisstockviablocktradesse2013, 20% whhennis stakewasthen.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
Weberlieve the companycanreadnewrowthwithindustry leadership, adopure, dargeinthenovationbusessandmargin
It's a 34% profitcagr source: deutschebankestimats, companydata from thepeercomparisonable, wenetethethikvisivisionistratingataigher
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Weakerorders fromystemintegrators, value-addredretailers, governments, andcorporatecolients wouldleadtolowerships
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure that's what I'm talking about, and it's what I'm talking about, and it's what we're talking about, and it's what we're talking about, and it's what we're talking about, and it's what we're talking about, and it's what we're talking about, and it's what we're talking about, and it's what we're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
"discussionslook" and "legal" tabs. investorsaresorongculturemanagementfortheformationforbeforeinvesting.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Sobjectissersofsecuritiesofthesisuer.inaddition, theundersignedleadananalyst(s) hasnotandwillnotreve anycompensationforprovidinginternationalviewsreport.jameschiu Historicrecommitteesandtargateprice: hikvision (002415.sz)
(Asof10/31/2017) equityrating equityratingdispersionandbanking_nationships
), werecommendhyat
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so...
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"Deutschebank") ...though theinformationhereisbelievedtobereliableandsbeenobtainedbrompublicsours believedtobereliable, deutschebankmakesnorepreformatsacuracyorcompletences.hyperlinkstothird-partywebsitesinthisreportoredforderconvenionly.deutschebankneotherothersethershecontentnor
I don't know, isponsiblefortheaccuracyorsecuritycontrolsofthesewebsites.ifyouusetheservicesofdeutschenconnectionwith apurchaseorsaleofcustytisdiscussedinthis report, orisincludedortiscuscussedinanothercommunition (oralorwritten)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, because I'm in the middle of something, because I'm in the middle of something, because I'm in the middle of something, because I'm in the middle of something, because I'm in the middle of something.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
Inherentlyimpresociandaproductoftheanalyst'sjudgment.thefinancialinstrumentsdiscussedinthesportmaynot besutableforallinvestorsandinvestorsmustmaketheirownformedinvendmentdelicos.pricesandavailabiliityof pricef préfluctuationsanotherfactors.ifififinanciancialinstrumentisdeninarimentinacurrendinacurrentincentanmentotherinvesor's
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm not going to do it.
The deutschebankresearchdepartmentisindeependentofotherbusessreasdivisionsofthebanks.detailsregarding ourorganizationalarangariansandinformationbarrieswehavetoprevevevendandandavidconffectsofinterestwestofinterest_respecect
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
, changesintaxpolicies, currence conversation, claircumculation, clairvoyantation, regulation (including chrangesinsetssoldienttypesofinvestors), and
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, either. It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Forallinvestors. Priortobuyingorselinganoptionsmustview the "charateristicsandrissksofsorfstandardized websiteasecontatativesourceboutbankrepresentiveforforaboutthiimportportandoction: (i) participantsinforeignexchhangatransactionsmayincurresarisarisingfromseveralfacts, inclutingthefollowing:
It's not like I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, but I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom, and I'm going to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to the bathroom.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Ifthisisnotthecase, orifyouareanioranortherretalivevementthis information directly
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but it's not what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I'm talking about, it's what I's what I'm talking about, it's what I's what I'm talking about, it's what I's about.
I don't know, sipc. analystslotedoutsideoftheunied statestateresalemproyyyyynon-usaffiliatesthalrenotsubject tofinra regulations.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's in the middle of it, but you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's the one who's in the middle of it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
(sebi)astockbroker.researchanalystsiresecuritynumberishinhin0001741.deiplmayvereveveveveveveveveved aministivewarnings Fromthesebiforbreachesofofindianregulations.japan:approvedand/ordistortedbydeutchesecuritiesinc.(dsi).registrynumber-registedasafincial.).
Instrumentersdealerbytheheadoftekantolocolofintainmentbureau (kinsho)no.117.memberofassociations: jsda, typeifinncialinstrumentsFIrsassociationand the finianfuturesassociationofjapan.commmissionsandrisks involvedinstocktransactions-forstocktransactions, wechargescommsessionsandconsumptiontasby
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm talking about it.
"Moody's", "standard&poor's", and "fitch"mentedin thisreportrenotregistered redtradingagencesinjapanlesjapanor" nippon"ispeculativedeignatedinthe nameofity.reportsonjapaneseledcompaniesnotwittenbyanalysofsiarwarerittenbydeutschebank"
The group'sanalysts with the coveragecompaniespeciedbydsi.someoftheforignsciritiesstatidonthisreportare notdisclosedacording to thefinancialinstrumentsandchangelaofofjapan.targetpricesetbydeutschebank's equityanalystsarrebasedona12-monthforcasteriod.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Africa: singapore: bydeutschebankag, singaporebrandeutschecuritiesasasialimited, singaporebranch (oneraffles quays #18-00southowersingapore048583, +65642380001), whichmaybecontractedrespectofanymatters
Arisingfrom, orinconnectionwith, thisreport. whethisisissessudorpromulgaedinsaporetoapersonwho isnotanaccreditedinvestor, expertinistorinstruinstitutioninvestor, asdefininedintheapplicablesaporelawand returns, the yacceptlegalrespensiabilitytosuchpersonsformententits.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, professional. informations/instrumentstrucutities/instrumentsträpossonlyand isnottobeconstruedasacommationtotradeinsuchsecuritys/instruments.deutschecritiesasasialimited, tiipei
I'm sorry, gentlemen.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Qatar: deutschebankingtheqatarfintilcióncentre (registeredno.00032) isregulatedbytheqatarfinalcentre regulatoriality.deutschebankag-qfbranchnyundertakethefinacilesacistitsactivistichatfall in the scopeofopoteofofcralicense.principalplacementofbusinessessestheqfusef:qatarinancialcentre, power,
Westbay, level5, pobox 14928, doha, qatar.thisformation hasbeendistributed bydeutschebankag.related federalproductsorservicesreonlyabletobusinesscustomers, asdefinedbytheqatarfinalcentre regularatoriathority.
Russia:thisformation, internationalandopinionssubmittedhereinarenotinthecontentof, anddonotconstrutute, anyappraisalevarealactionrequiringalidenseotherussifidesfederation. kingdomofsaudiarabia: deutschecuriceaudialarallccompany, (registerno.07073-37) Isgulabyedthe
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
riyadh, saudi untedarabemirates: deutschebankaginthedubaiinternationalfinalcentre (registeredno.00045)isregulated
By the dubainancialeservicesauthority.deutschebankag-difcbranchmayundertake thefinancialservices activisthatfall related to the scopeofotsexistingdfsalicesense.principalplaceofbusinessinthedifc:dubai internationalfinanciancentre, thegatevillage, building5, pobox504902, dubai,u.a.thisformationhasbeen
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, referredtointhisreportandconsidertheepdsbeformakinganydecisionabouthehertoacquiretheproduct.
Disclosing information and
Australiaandnewzealand: this isresearchchisintendonlyfor "wholesaleclients" in the meaningoftheaustralian coorporationsactivandnewzealandfinanciardvisorsactively.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, my friend, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
♪ Headofamericasresearch grobalheadofeconomics research ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Headofema headofapac globalheaf
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Headosearch-germany globalheafquattitive and qisresearch
Internationalations deutschebankag deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2-11-1 nagatacho fluialehongkong sannoparktower
60329 frankfurtammain internationalcommercenceentre, colerofunter & phillipstrets
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna to be the guy
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do.
1 Greatwinchesterstreet londonec2n2eq uniteddom