"Hycondication: Building on its core competitiveness, full layout, 19 October 2017."
Yang Minghui has four core competencies: management, technology, marketing, and scale.
A brilliant management team: the company management team is forward looking at how the industry works, and many times looking at the industry's trends towards early deployment, ensuring steady and rapid growth in the company's performance. Technology advantages: the company owns the largest research and development team in the industry.
Zhang Xin and invested the most in R & D costs, keeping the company at the forefront of technological development in the industry, confirming the technological competitiveness of the company ' s products.
The division is appropriate to the fragmentation of the security sector, ensuring that companies are able to control and understand demand and improve marketing efficiency. The advantage of scale is that the company owns the largest sales and purchases in the industry, creating a strong bargaining power up and down.
Intelligentity is on the rise, and Haikang has the technological advantage and is expected to be strong in the future. Artificial intelligence, a powerful algorithm, is actually a re-upgrading of solutions. Traditional hardware is no longer suitable for artificial intelligence, so it needs to be custom-made for artificial intelligence.
The era of integration of hardware and software. Due to transmission and storage costs, front-end cameras need to be integrated with edge computing capabilities; with the need for large computing capabilities, back-ends will need specialized servers. Heikang, aware of the significance of artificial intelligence, is now in algorithms, intelligence.
The ability to create a closed loop layout of cameras, dedicated servers, will further enhance the glue to customers in the future, and it is expected to continue to be strong. The offshore layout is beginning to show results, and the channels sink to ensure growth.
After becoming a leader in the domestic market, expansion into overseas markets becomes a logical option. Companies have been farming in overseas markets for 10 years, and overseas revenues have been growing at a high rate and account for 30% of the company’s total revenues.
The company is sinking its overseas distribution network, directly matching customer demand, shortening the value chain, effectively increasing market share and raising profits, and building a new business around image data. Artificial intelligence has changed.
The company, as the leading firm in the country's artificial intelligence algorithms, will have an opportunity in the ai era not only in video surveillance, but in a variety of industries that have a demand for artificial intelligence. The company revolves around data on images that are good at home, smart robots.
The company uses security as a point of entry and gradually develops the fluorescent system as a smart home platform; and 2) smart robots: the company is the first in three fields: machine visualization, mobile robotics, and industrial drones.
A series of market-friendly products has been introduced, and 3) smart cars: the company, backed by cameras, has advanced vigorously in the adas area and has successfully entered the back-loading market.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company is well-developed in the main video surveillance industry, growing profitability, rising up in the layout, at the forefront of the industry in the smart change process, and is expected to become smart in video surveillance.
At the same time, the company's technology is constantly laying out new business, new lines of business.
1 Management + Technology + Marketing + Size, Heikang has four core competitivenesss, 1.1 The central driving force behind the continued high growth of the company comes from four major advantages: the company is the world's largest provider of video surveillance products and solutions, and the product covers the area of video surveillance.
There are major equipment, including front-end collection equipment, back-end storage, centralized control, display equipment, and management equipment. Companies are digital, networked, intelligent leaders and practitioners in the video surveillance industry and have been in the forefront of global security firms for many years.
Corporate performance has been growing rapidly since it was listed. From 2010 to 2016, corporate business income recovered at 43.84% per year, and net profit returns at 38.48% per year, with a steady annual compound growth rate.
The company relies on these advantages to defeat its counterparts abroad, to replace the domestic market with national production, to become the leader of the domestic market, and to continue to extend to the overseas market. In the night before the breakup, the company once again took advantage of its own strengths and recognized the important role of artificial intelligence in advance.
A successful layout has been put in place, leading the industry to launch a series of artificial intelligence-based video surveillance solutions that are highly appreciated by users. Artificial intelligence offers companies opportunities not only in video surveillance masters, but also to extend their image technology advantages to a range of new areas and move from video surveillance to manual.
A change in the big picture of intelligence. 1.2 Excellent management team: a forward-looking understanding of the industry.
The team had a good combination of the roles of engineers and entrepreneurs, allowing companies to maintain a good balance between technology and business and to maintain a forward-looking understanding of industry development, which, since its inception in 2001, has generally gone through three stages of development:
1) 2001-2007: provision of backend equipment for video surveillance, mainly card and hard disk video recorders, etc. 2) 2008-2012: extension to front end cameras and central control equipment to achieve full industry chain coverage of products; 3) 2013 - present: development from product manufacturers to integrated solution providers and initial deployment of intelligence
With a forward-looking understanding of the video surveillance industry, the management team succeeded in leading the company through three transformations, gradually becoming today's security giant.
The company began to expand from the back end to the front-end camera in 2008, when the front-end camera market was dominated by foreign giants such as Samsung, Matsu and Sony. Although there was a trend of digital cameras to replace analog cameras, it was relatively easy to make analogues, which needed to be used first.
The hardware that comes in with cos sensors, better lenses, etc., is enough, and the digital camera will need to develop more advanced image processing algorithms, an area that is very difficult. Hardware is a good thing for foreign giants, so foreign giants choose to upgrade hardware to simulate the path of high clearance and drive a large number of domestic manufacturers to also focus on simulation technology.
The Division’s management team realized proactively that digitization would be the dominant trend in its development, and even without image processing algorithms, it would end up with image processing problems as the technology developed. So the corporate management team decided to invest major resources in image processing algorithms, rather than divert resources away from secondary analog cameras.
After investing a lot of resources in image processing algorithms, it succeeded in achieving a backlash against foreign giants in digital cameras, and laid the foundation for the subsequent transformation of solutions and intelligence. Leading the industry began to shift to solutions.
The control industry is facing a shift from product to solution, leading the industry to solution. The solutionr can use image processing as a statutory tool to meet the different needs of clients, significantly increasing the efficiency of video surveillance.
The company is also at the forefront of the industry in the process of intelligent transformation. The management team recognized the enormous role of artificial intelligence in video monitoring as early as 2015 and set up a dedicated sub-tech study of artificial intelligence.
And the management team realized that the company's opportunities in the age of artificial intelligence were not limited to video surveillance and control, so the company took a forward-looking approach to robots, smart cars, etc., and extended its operations to the entire population.
1.3 Technological advantages: Research and development (R & D) continues to be high in terms of guaranteeing technological leadership. Industry is a technology-intensive industry, and technology is one of the most important competitive elements. It is only if technology continues to be a leader that can be won. Companies invest heavily each year in R & D, with 24.33 R & D costs in 2016.
By the end of 2016, the company’s research and development team had reached more than 9,300 people, and this year it will be more than 10,000. At present, the company has established five research and development centres in Hangzhou, Chongqing, Wuhan, Shanghai, and Beijing, and has established Montreal overseas.
The company’s cost of R & D has reached 6 to 8% of operating income, and the absolute amount is significant given the size of the company. The share of R & D costs in the company has risen rapidly over the last two years, mainly because of smart products and innovation.
Still in the early stages of development, the company invested a lot of resources in technology research and development. As future intelligent products and innovations enter a stable period, we believe that the company’s R&D rates will probably stabilize.
The distribution of clients in the video surveillance industry is extremely dispersed, not only around the world, but also across a wide range of industries. In recent years, the share of the company’s top five clients in terms of their income has never exceeded 5%, indicating an extreme fragmentation of demand. The needs of the different clients vary greatly, which requires very strong marketing capacity and firm determination.
So video surveillance companies need to build large distribution networks to capture decentralized demand. Companies now have comprehensive distribution networks around the world.
Overseas branches have achieved full coverage of key markets abroad. At the headquarters level, companies have set up seven major public security, transport, justice, human rights, finance, energy, smart buildings, and individualized solutions for each industry, in response to different demands from one industry to another.
The company’s distribution network is not only wide-ranging, but deep down. The company’s distribution network can go around the distributors directly to meet their customers’ needs, while other producers usually need to sell their products through the distributors. The deep down distribution network becomes the link between the company and its customers, allowing the company to catch demand more quickly, understand demand more deeply, and contribute to building.
1.5 Size Strengths: The scale effect increases the impact on upstream and downstream companies are the largest video-monitoring enterprise in the world, owning the largest sales and purchases in the industry, and have a strong cash flow that allows companies to have a greater impact on upstream and downstream and to develop their own size advantages in competition.
1) The company’s lower turnover of accounts receivable compared to its competitors indicates that the company has a stronger voice in the client to accelerate the rate of repayment. The collection rate of the company has been maintained at around 100% and cash returns have been maintained.
2) There has been a marked improvement in the bargaining power of upstream suppliers The rapid increase in the working days of corporate accounts payable shows that companies are increasingly negotiating with upstream suppliers as a result of the impact of scale. Corporate accounts payable as a percentage of current liabilities has remained at over 50%, so corporate flows have continued.
Movable liabilities are mostly business liabilities that do not require interest payments, and companies have less pressure on their cash flow and can take advantage of an additional 3) size to enable companies to integrate upstream and downstream, using their own cash against the backdrop of higher prices for spare parts, such as chips, storage devices, etc., in the first half of 2017.
In the first half of 2017, in response to high pressure on dealers’ inventory management and strong corporate cash flow, the company was able to increase its profitability in the context of higher upstream prices.
The introduction of a “sleeve” program for distributors to deliver orders to distributors in a timely manner, allowing dealers to reduce the amount of money they spend on their stock. To do so, it will increase the company’s inventory, but the company will be able to detect changes in market demand in a more timely manner, depending on the stock situation, and the public administration can take advantage of its size in inventory management, and it will increase the efficiency of the entire chain of industry.
With the advent of a wave of intelligence, Haikang has a technological advantage, and the promise of intelligence for the strong is the upgrading of the solution, which brings about the integration of hardware and software.
In the process, software has become increasingly important, and software development capabilities have become the focus of competition. Numbers have replaced simulations, solutions have come. Simulation signals cannot be measured directly by large-scale integrated circuits.
Calculating that software cannot be used directly for processing, which means that analog video surveillance can only be processed later with manpower, and that analog technology can only remain in the pure hardware production phase. Digital technology is naturally appropriate for processing with software, so digital video surveillance can be more flexible, accurate and efficient.
So we see that when the digital replacement model laid the foundation for the solution, Heikang took the lead in moving to a solution in 2012 and then to a business-wide transformation. Smartness is the upgrading of the solution. The essence of the video surveillance solution is the software alternative manpower processing of data.
In this process, the role of software is growing, and the ability of solutions is becoming stronger. Artificial intelligence is a powerful, powerful algorithm, and when applied to video surveillance, we can get far more intelligent solutions than the previous solution. So, we think intelligence is not a product pattern that's out there.
Smartness leads to the integration of hardware and software. While intelligentness depends mainly on deep learning algorithms, video surveillance banks already have hardware infrastructure that cannot match them, so sales algorithms alone are not a viable business model.
Arithmetic needs to be integrated with hardware to open the market space. Video surveillance companies need to customize hardware for intelligence, integrate algorithms into hardware, and integrate hardware and software.
Intelligentity requires the backend to use a dedicated server. Although the backend uses a dedicated server for storage and computing, the cost of transmitting and storing data remains high, which determines the need for a strong margin computing capability at the front end, and requires the integration of the front end chip to bring about changes in the front end product.
2.2 Front-end margin calculation + back-end dedicated server: Main path for software and hardware integration, currently smart use trained deep learning algorithms to extrapolate data to conclude. Because deep learning algorithms require a strong computing capability, the video surveillance industry itself would have been extremely costly for data transmission and storage.
Sensitivity, so we think the front-end margin calculation + backend dedicated server is the main development path for hardware and software integration. 1) Lower transmission and storage costs, front-end cameras need integrated edge computing capability. Video surveillance is a system project, with front-end cameras, intermediate transmission lines and back-end storage analysis devices.
The cost of transmission and storage is always a huge expense to users because of the amount of data available. The ratio of output of high-resolution cameras has been increasing in recent years, while images generated by high-resolution cameras require greater transfer bandwidth and more storage space, which is offset by the prevalence of high-resolution cameras, although transmission and storage costs have been declining as a result of Moore's laws.
Lower individual costs, resulting in still high overall transmission and storage costs. Higher transmission and storage costs make it no longer realistic to transfer all data to the back end for storage and analysis, so the front end camera also needs to be able to calculate for the initial processing and analysis of images and to give them to the image data.
Key information is labeled and the label is superimposed to the back end for deep processing and analysis, which is the edge of the front end calculation. (2) Strong depth learning computing is required, and backend devices will be used on a dedicated server.
Since the extrapolation requires a lot of computing capabilities, while the traditional backend equipment is mainly storage, has only a small amount of computing capacity and no longer applies to computational requirements in an intelligent environment, it is necessary to use a dedicated server to perform extrapolation tasks.
A dedicated server can connect to multiple-circuit front-end cameras and play the role of a central control centre. A dedicated service allows for an analysis of multi-circuit camera information in a given area and significantly improves the efficiency of video surveillance.
2.3 Heikang has advantages in both hardware and software, and is expected to remain strong in the future. Heikang became aware of the significance of artificial intelligence early in the deployment of both hardware and software, and now has a greater competitive advantage than his counterparts in the competition against hands. As Heikang has achieved closed loops in the field of hardware and software, we believe that Heikang is in a position to do so.
In terms of software, Heikang has set up the Haikang Institute as early as 2015 to specialize in bottom-level technology, such as artificial intelligence. The Hykang Institute has the leading technology in the field of image recognition, which is highly relevant to its own business.
In the 2016 imagenet competition, the Haikang Institute won number one, target testing and positioning, and scene analysis, number seven, proved its world-class strength. In the front end, Heikang has launched a smart camera, represented by Deep Eyes.
Face-smart cameras have a dedicated gpu module embedded in them and have been designed to optimize the depth of video-monitoring scenes Learning algorithms with a much more accurate anti-intrusive synthesizing capability than the brain, enabling the extraction of human-face information in a variety of complex environments and enabling the simultaneous realization of at least 15,000 digital photographs (under 100 kb) or 60,000 digital photographs of front-end cameras
The proxy ID photograph (below 20kb) is a small bank match. According to the security knowledge network's test report, it has increased by about 38 per cent the rate of oral face check-ups in non-standard cards; by more than 180 per cent the rate of small target detections (around 20 pixels between the eyes of the face); and by more than 60 per cent the rate of large angles (60° to 90°).
Chart 21: Haekang's "Sight" smart camera, in the back end, Heikang has launched a series of dedicated servers. The company's Facebook recognition server, based on high-density gpu hardware, uses the most advanced deep learning techniques of the Haikangway Institute to achieve human face accuracy.
Be, 1v1 matching, identification, security alert, real-time capture of suspicious targets, while integrating industrial platforms, managing applications, building artificial intelligence, protecting against big data solutions that can be applied to safe cities, smart traffic, big data servers launched by smart companies, able to integrate large amounts of unstructured, semi-structured and structured data, and
The data are analysed and calculated to analyse structured information from unstructured data through intelligent analytical techniques, to provide access to full-text search techniques to quickly locate information from structured data, to extract valuable information from structured data through analysis of excavation techniques, and to provide data services for upper-level applications through interfaces.
Three of the results of overseas deployments, the downpouring of channels to ensure growth, domestic video surveillance markets have been growing much faster than overseas markets and have had far more opportunities than overseas markets, so domestic markets have been the main battleground for expansion for domestic security firms. But when Heikang was led by the management team,
The domestic market beats the overseas giants on the basis of technological advantages, marketing advantages and sizes, and gradually grows into video surveillance, and the expansion abroad becomes a logical option. 3.1 The overseas market is large and the pattern of competition is fragmented.
Overseas, the continued tension in the Middle East region, the terrorist attacks in Europe, and the economic development belt of emerging-market countries will maintain a yearly compound annual growth rate of 6.29%, reaching $20.18 billion by 2020. Overseas markets are two to three times larger than domestic markets, a blue sea that remains to be developed.
According to ihs, the share of overseas markets (excluding China) in 2015 was the first to be named Haikang and Anxis (axis), but the share of cities was only 9%. The fragmentation of competition patterns in overseas markets is highly correlated with the fragmentation of overseas markets themselves. Video surveillance needs come from all over the world, from all walks of life.
Revenues from the industry are a combination of a large number of small projects, so there is much room left for the survival of different video-monitoring companies. 3.2 years of farming, overseas deployments are beginning to show, companies have been laying out overseas markets since 10 years ago, and have so far been very productive.
Income continued to grow at a high rate of 9.36 billion yuan in 2016, an increase of 40.62 per cent in the same year, which was higher than in the domestic market. In the first half of 2017, corporate income abroad reached 4,969 million yuan, an increase of 38.26 per cent in the same year.
Companies have a higher and more profitable Māori rate in overseas markets. The company ' s Māori rate in overseas markets was lower than in the domestic market until 2014, but after 2014 it surpassed the domestic market and there was a growing gap.
The company’s current marketing system in overseas markets is still dependent on local distributors, and its own marketing system does not sink to the level of direct contact with customers, leaving the company’s sales in overseas markets to be dominated by hardware products without providing a holistic solution. Contrary to the domestic market, the company’s solution and standards in the domestic market in 2016
The ratio of products reached 7:3, but only 3:7 in overseas markets, and there is still much room for improvement in overseas markets.
Companies are sinking overseas distribution networks, building their own channels, inventories and support networks, competing directly with their counterparts abroad, such as Antxes and Matsu, building up their reputation and expanding their earnings in overseas markets. Companies’ sales costs increased by 42.51% in the first half of the year compared to the previous year, a significant part of the increase being due to inputs from overseas distribution systems.
In the first place, as the marketing system subsides further, companies are expected to reduce the value chain and gain a greater share of the overseas market.4 Building on technological advantages, new business is organized around image data. Artificial intelligence has great potential to transform society. Corporate management teams are aware of this and take advantage of it proactively.
While opportunities for artificial intelligence may be available in all walks of life, the company is not a loosely distributed network, but rather a comprehensive layout around its own good image technology in three areas: smart households, smart robots, and smart cars.
According to the China Business Institute, 2016.
With the rapid development of cloud computing and artificial intelligence technology, the penetration rate of our intelligent home hardware will increase rapidly, reaching 0.5% by 2020. Although the penetration rate is still far below that of Western developed countries, we are wise.
Figure 32: China ' s intelligent household penetration rate is lagging behind in developed countries in 2016
China’s Smart House Hardware Permeance Corporation has launched a fluorescent brand for consumer-level markets, moving from home to home-based smart business. It already covers video cameras, hard disk video recorders, video boxes, alarm boxes, and so on in hardware.
Stored on the cloud, allowing consumers to view household safety at any time through fluorescent video apps. Although the company currently offers only safe products to the smart-house market, the brand has enabled the company to enter the consumer-level market smoothly, accumulates a large number of consumer groups and consumption data, and successfully sets up data processing for future smart-houses.
Central – Firestone Cloud System. With the further development of the intelligent home market, companies are expected to take advantage of the vast amount of fluorescent cloud data and computing capabilities, extending from safe to more intelligent home products. 4.2 Smart robots: three main areas go hand in hand, and a new era of machine intelligence is set up.
With the rapid development of artificial intelligence technology, smart robots have moved into reality and are beginning to be applied in the industrial field. The company begins with the three main areas of machine vision, mobile robots, and the Hawk series of drones.
Machine vision can improve the flexible customization and automation of production, and can be applied to dangerous jobs, to environmental or artificially unsatisfied situations, and to significantly improve productivity. With a deep accumulation of imaging and visual analysis techniques, leading international research and development teams, and powerful resource combinations.
Combining capabilities and global service networks, companies have developed autonomously a variety of machine-based visual products, such as facial cameras, linear cameras, stereo cameras, industrial smart cameras, visual controllers, fa lenses, etc. Mobile robots are built up over many years of technology in the area of image processing, hardware design and embedded software.
The products built, mainly for the logistics industry, can significantly reduce manpower, increase automation and increase efficiency.
The Hawk series of drones is an industry-level drone that the company has launched to meet the business needs of a wide range of industries. The Hawk system is an extension and an important subsystem of video surveillance systems that are designed and manufactured to fully fit the industry's visualization tubes.
Traditional video surveillance, mainly with fixed-location cameras, can only achieve static surveillance within the parameters of its characteristics. And the male eagles are capable of responding quickly and flexiblely, allowing for full-scale, stereo and incorruptible surveillance, which greatly widens the range of surveillance. And the drones can handle emergencies and enter dangerous areas and gain access to traditional cameras.
Unable to provide valuable data. In the context of the increasing intelligence of video surveillance, the Hawk industry drones have created new ways of video surveillance, which is expected to be a powerful complement to traditional cameras.
4.3 Smart car: Based on cameras, cameras in the adas field are the sensors essential for achieving the adas function.
The main vehicle sensors currently include cameras and radars (mm wave radar/laser radar).
Sensors essential for adas, because radar technology has a high accuracy in identifying metal barriers, but it is not able to identify non-metallic barriers (e.g. pedestrians) and cannot recognize information such as lanes, traffic signs, etc., and the visual processing technology of vehicle cameras can better distinguish information such as road signs, pedestrians, etc., or can be divided by algorithms.
Analysis of the trajectories of pedestrians and vehicles. 2) Company based on cameras, advance in the adas field. Company has been building up for years in the video surveillance industry, whether in camera hardware or in software algorithms for image recognition.
As cameras become more and more widely used in the area of automobile adas, companies are actively positioning themselves in the area of adas, based on good cameras. The company’s smart car business is now concentrated in the back-loading market, providing backcar recorders, navigation, and sightings.
The company has a deep accumulation of artificial intelligence, such as image recognition, and is well suited to camera-based adas products. As the company continues to develop in the adas field, the company will be expected to offer adas-grade visual solutions, as mobileye does, while working with the oem manufacturers to enter the front-loading market.
Figure 41: Smart rearview products launched by the company Figure 42: Motor Fish Eye Cameras launched by the company 5 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations
1. The front-end market is more mature and, given the company ' s leading position, we expect the company ' s front-end product to grow slightly faster than the industry. The front-end product is being intelligently upgraded, and we expect the Maori rate to rise gradually.2 The back-end product market is also more mature, and given the company ' s leading position, we expect the company ' s front-end product to grow.
The back-end products are also being upgraded, and we expect a gradual increase in the Maori rate. And 40%, while the Māori rate will remain stable, mainly because the central control equipment is mainly structured server products, essential to the intellectual process, and will benefit fully from the intellectual process.
The company is well-developed and increasingly profitable in video surveillance, and is at the forefront of the business as smart changers, and is expected to be the biggest beneficiary of video surveillance intelligence.
Twenty-two times. Given the company’s leading position in the area of artificial intelligence and its leading role in video surveillance, and the company’s good layout of its new business by helping artificial intelligence advantages, the company’s valuation deserves a higher premium.
1) Risks of technological substitution in the process of intelligenceization: Artificial intelligence technology is currently emerging and is still at an early stage of development, and new artificial intelligence technologies may emerge in the future to replace current technology; 2) Risk of a slowdown in demand in the domestic market: the main demand in the domestic market comes from the government, if the macroeconomy comes out
Volatility, which affects fiscal revenues and thus domestic market demand; 3) The development of overseas market distribution systems is not as risky as expected: overseas markets are fragmented and culturally diverse, and companies may not be able to build overseas marketing systems as expected;
4) There is greater uncertainty and risk of loss in new business: corporate innovation is in emerging industries, technology pathways are not yet fully defined, competitions are numerous, uncertainty is high, and there is a risk of loss.