CCM (600030): The long-term growth of the investment industry is highlighted by the performance rating of the 2022rd Quarterly report on the construction of the growth "Main Engine"
In the third quarter of 2022, the Chinese Portfolio disclosed business income of 49,821 million yuan during the reporting period. The company is the largest securities firm in the country.
Financial advisers related to transactions, portfolio investment activities; Securities, affected by large equity market fluctuations during the reporting period, with many of the companies performing less than the same period in 2022, becoming the best point of entry. Since the beginning of the year, affected by internal and external factors such as the epidemic, the Fed's interest hikes, the country, etc.
Insurance and insurance; securities self-employment; securities asset management; credit instruments; equity fund swaps; continued volatility of capital markets in long-term companies, which has a significant impact on the securities industry.
For middle-level presentation of business. SCM effectively controls risks while exercising business advantages in a number of business areas, with net profits falling by only a single number over the same period last year, and maintaining or gaining a leading position.
By the net income calibre, the investment business became the centre of a large category of business economy, further refining the financing arrangements, with the only business line of growth (11.1%) of the same year, while the brokering business fell by 19.2%, and the financial management business fell by 19.2%.
The declining performance of investment-type operations, such as unincorporated investment and direct investment, is a significant impact on corporate performance.
Reconstructing and consolidating core competitiveness. The company fully accounted for the financing-type business risks in 2022, and the credit impairment losses during the reporting period were reversed to become shareholders and CSBs, CTFs, and TCU life insurance.
An important “stabilizer” of performance, where firms together form an integrated business model of trust-held shares, capitalizing on the industry's leading advantage and building a “master engine” of performance growth, with direct financing for the development of wind and wind.
Together with the Sino-China International Financial Holdings, it provides clients with an opportunity to accelerate the roll-out of the full registration system, and the venture continues to be the firm’s most robust performance growth point. Core operations such as equity and bond underwriting rank first in the long run.
Under this, the line of operations, such as the investment bank and the direct investment line, is gradually becoming more efficient, allowing the franchise to develop its entire industrial chain, its entire process, its participation in the growth of listed companies, and its involvement is becoming a “flow entrance” for the bondholders, and it is expected that, as the economy stabilizes and the epidemic subsides, it will add to the recovery of Hong Kong and overseas investments, and the company will do so regardless of whether it does.
Under the pressure of equity market adjustments, wealth management and asset management still protect the company’s “fundamental plate.” Economic growth has increased at a slower pace, with a decline in the population’s disposable income and demand for wealth-management products.
Short-term decline. Public and private fund-raising performance since the beginning of the year has been relatively low and fragmented, posing a major challenge to the size of new development and stock funds and to the growth of management fee revenues, which in turn affect the revenue of bond dealers in wealth management operations, such as financial sales, fund-raising, etc.
• Management of efficient synergies between the line of operations and the summer fund, as well as the overall development of large wealth management operations through an asset management system dominated by CSCM, the Middle-Credit Futures and the Goldstone Investment. At the same time, companies
Through industry’s leading equity derivatives and qdii, ficc lines, wealth management lines are provided with a greater level of return, thereby enhancing the perception of wealth management clients of corporate management capabilities and brands. At present, business homogenization in the securities sector remains strong, with only one leader in the context of the ever-increasing Matthews effect.
The moat is expected to persist and widen, and the resource-pooling effect becomes more pronounced, giving an opportunity to obtain higher valuation premiums. As the industry’s absolute leader, the CCM is not only operationally unfathomed, integrated, strong, but also characterized and heterogeneous in its business structure, with resistance to cyclical properties appearing initially.
With the completion of the company's portfolio, capital strength is effectively supplemented, business structures are expected to continue to be optimized, profitability and overall competitiveness are further enhanced, and we firmly look forward to the long-term development of the company and the construction of the “bulls”, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Sino-Sin securities (600030): The growth of the investment business is highlighted by the construction of the growth engine, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Insight Report (6000030): The growth of the investment business is remarkable.
B.A., University of Wuhan, Master's degree, University of Nankai, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016. Ninth Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and 10th Crystal and Non-Bank Finance Industry in 2016.
Master of Economics, 2019, joined East Hing Securities. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.