The company has a capacity of 600,000 tonnes of titanium powder per year, of which 540,000 tonnes of sulphuric acid per year, and a capacity of chlorination.
60,000 tons/year, leading the world industry. Thanks to supply side reforms and environmental tightening, the supply of and demand for titanium powder have improved. According to company announcements, in 16 and 17 years, the company’s gross gold-stone titanium powder has been raised 19 times, or more than doubled. In 2017, the company achieved a business income of $10.26 billion.
Yoy+148% net profit for mothers, 2.5 billion yuan net profit for mothers, yoy+466%, with a significant increase in performance mainly as a result of a rise in titanium and powder prices. q1 won 2,548 million yuan in 2018, y0y+8.41% net profit for mothers, resulting from a higher base period.
Central prices are expected to move up, and companies, as industry leaders, have full-chain advantages, and future performances include the acquisition of the Dragons and the ownership of the whole chain, with a clear cost advantage: the company completed the raise to 560,000 tonnes/year in September 2016, with an increase of 1154 per cent, the first in Asia and the first in the world.
Four titanium powder production companies, the 16-year-old report shows that the company ' s domestic municipality accounts for 15.9 per cent of the company ' s share of the business, while acquiring more than 377 million tons of iron ore deposits, folding of titanium ore stocks (46.5 per cent of the grade), and producing nearly 800,000 tons of titanium ore per year.
A small number of companies in the industry own the entire industrial chain of "magnetic iron mine - titanium concentrate - titanium powder".
In the larger context of the growing environmental policy in the country, titanium powder is used as a heavily polluting industry, and the production of backward small businesses is constrained by environmental pressures.
On the demand side, downstream real estate and cars have been growing steadily, up by 35% in the first quarter of the year, up by almost 20 percentage points from the 17-year-long increase, and export demand is strong. Overall, titanium supply in 2018 is good, and titanium powder is expected to grow.
With 17 years of titanium powder exports exceeding 50% of total sales, the company’s performance is expected to grow steadily over 18 years, driven by strong export demand. Focusing on the chlorination capacity, further sharpening its position: in 2017, only 5 countries were chlorinated.
The sum of 168,000 tons of chlorinated powder produced in 17 years is about 60% of the increase, accounting for 5.83% of the country's total titanium powder production, but the share is still small. Compared to titanium sulphate, chlorination is preferable to sulphate in terms of environmental protection, process and product quality.
In the context of environmental tightening, chlorination is more promising. The company owns 60,000 tonnes/year of chlorination, is the country's top producer, and is on a scale scale. The company plans to achieve an additional 200,000 tonnes/year of titanium chloride in early 2019, with a long-term planning capacity of 600,000 tonnes/year for chlorination.
The future performance opens up room for growth. For 8x, 7x. Given that the future titanium powder market is expected to maintain a high profile, the company is expected to grow steadily in the future, as a leader in the industry and has the advantage of a whole industry chain, covering for the first time, giving "buy."
The company is a company that specializes in the manufacture of chemical raw materials and chemicals. It mainly produces and sells products such as titanium powder, sulphate products, and products such as titanium powder series, sulphate products, and aluminium sulphate.
At present, the company has a capacity of 600,000 tons of titanium powder, of which 540,000 tons of titanium powder sulphate, 60,000 tons of titanium powder chloride, with a market share of about 16 per cent, with a combined capacity in Asia number one and fourth, followed only by Tenor, Como, and Hensmann.
The stock of titanium concentrates (46.5% grade) exceeded 70 million tons, the company selected 31,847 tons of iron concentrate in 2017 and 7903 million tons of titanium concentrate.The company was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange Small and Medium Enterprises Board in July 2011 and currently has a total equity of 2,032 million shares.
In total, Tan Ri-chung holds 17.91% of the shares, Li Ling, the daughter of Li's de facto controlr, holds 13.95% of the shares through a non-public distribution, and currently has more than 10 companies with full capital and holding companies.
Since it was listed in 2011, the size of the company ' s operations has increased year by year with the increase in sales of titanium powder, which increased from 1097 tons in 2011 to 2286 tons in 2015, and from 1.906 billion yuan in 2011 to 2.935 billion yuan in 2015, before the completion of the titanium powder industry.
Since 2015, the country’s environmental policy has been more stringent, especially since 2016, when the central multiple rounds of environmental inspectors began, the supply side has been reformed, and the titanium industry has seen an improvement in its climate. The company’s sales of titanium powder in 2017 were 584,000 tons, a slight decline of 3.76% over the previous year.
Business income was 2,548 million yuan in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 8.41 per cent in the same year; net profit for mothers was 598 million yuan, an increase of 2.17 per cent in the same year. At the same time, the company expected net profit for mothers in the first half of 2018 to be 1,179 million yuan – 1,572 million yuan, a decline in titanium powder prices after the same quarter, while supply and demand in 2018 were generally favourable, with titanium powder at the centre of the year.
The year 2017 shows that the company ' s business income for titanium powder was $8,589 million, representing 84.9 per cent of total revenue, 11.0 per cent for minerals, 0.6 per cent for sorghum and 3.5 per cent for other businesses.
The gross profits achieved were 4,707 million, or 84.5 per cent, and the gross profits of several other products were smaller. The performance of the company can be seen, depending mainly on the industry’s climate of titanium powder.
In 2012, the titanium industry cycle was downwards, with company combined Māori and net profit rates reaching low levels in 2013, followed by a gradual improvement in Māori rates for companies through a variety of measures taken by company management to control costs, open markets, and a peak in 2017 of 45.12 per cent and 24.4 per cent respectively in Māori and net profit rates for companies affected by the recovery of business cycles.
It should be noted that, compared to other listed companies in the same industry, the company ' s titanium powder-rich ratio was significantly higher after 2016, as a result of the company ' s acquisition of the dragon powder industry in 2016, which, in addition to having its own 300,000 tons of titanium powder production capacity, also has a wealth of magnetic ore resources.
With this acquisition, the titanium resource rich in dragons will provide a strategic guarantee of raw materials for the dragon python, which also has a unique competitive advantage in terms of risk resistance, cost control, industrial synergy, etc.
At present, 3.7698 million tons of iron ore are held by the National Resources Authority, or 46.5 per cent of the grade titanium ortium ore, and the company has nearly 800,000 tons of titanium ore per year, at 2.3 tons of titanium ore per ton of powder (>46 per cent), the company ' s own titanium ore can supply about 350,000 tons of titanium ore per year.
The production needs, combined with the production of the U.S.-H.S. titanium slag device, have enabled 60% of the raw materials to become self-sufficient. Although our titanium is rich, it is low in purity, low in output, high import dependence, and conservatively estimated at more than 30%. The production cost of titanium powder accounts for 62% of its total cost, with a further 61% of the cost of the raw materials being titanium concentrate.
The price of titanium powder rose in 2017, driven mostly by the cost of upstream titanium concentrate, and the advantages of the corporate sector are clear compared to other listed companies in the industry. Following the acquisition of the dragon-drawn industry, the company has clearly become a champion in the titanium industry.
The main component of titanium powder is titanium dioxide, which is a white inorganic dye, the main applications being paint, plastics, plastics.
Ink, paper, and others, with the largest share of paint. In 2017, China’s titanium powder downstream consumption structure accounted for 65 per cent of paint, the real estate industry contributed 20 per cent of demand, and the automobile industry contributed 20 per cent of the demand. It can be said that titanium downstream demand depends mainly on the real estate industry, followed by the automobile industry.
The titanium powder industry is highly energy-intensive and polluting in our country. The titanium powder industry consumes 2.42 and 2.97 times the average of the chemical industry per 10,000 yuan of industrial output, and the emissions of industrial waste water, codcr, waste gas, s02 are 3.85, 3.81, 1.03 and 2.13 times the corresponding targets for the chemical industry as a whole.
There are currently two main production methods for titanium powder, the sulphate method and the chlorination method. Compare the amount of waste, the amount of waste water, and the amount of solid waste, the chlorination method is more environmentally friendly than the sulphate method, and the national environmental policy is more environmentally friendly.
In terms of product quality, the coloring, covering and dispersion of chlorinated titanium powder products are better than sulfuric acid. Data sources: corporate bulletins, group-benefit bonds, etc.
Figure 12 Performance of the top five titanium powder companies in the world. Figure 13 titanium powder production by production process. Top five titanium powder enterprises in the world.
It is concentrated in developed countries in Europe and the United States. Compared to the rest of the world, our titanium powder production is the highest in the world, with 39.38 million tons currently produced, supported by production mainly by sulphuric acid, with 3,728 million tons of sulphuric acid, or 94.67% of total capacity. The country’s chlorinated titanium powder is a late start, owing to critical chlorination and oxidation technologies.
In 2017, the production of chlorinated products in five of the country ' s chlorinated industries (Long python, Jinzhou titanium, Yunnan, Xinjiang and steel titanium) stood at 168,000 tons, an increase of more than 60,000 tons, or 58.96 per cent. The production of chlorinated titanium in 2017 accounted for 5.83 per cent of the country ' s total titanium powder production and 5.83 per cent of that year ' s gold-type production.
7.36 per cent, with an increase in the share, the chlorination method will be the main future development of titanium powder in the country, and the development of space.
The Director plans long-range chlorination capacity to reach 600,000 tonnes/year. The sulphate method is more polluting to the environment than the chlorination method, and the sulphatic acid method will be subject to policy restrictions in the face of a growing trend towards environmental protection in the country, while more policies will be tilted towards chlorination to facilitate the development of chlorination, which is expected to take the opportunity to rapidly expand chlorination capacity.
A step-by-step opening up the space for growth. 5, titanium powder supply patterns (1) Global titanium powder production can grow at a low rate
In 2017, the world’s main titanium powder production was about 8.6 million tons, of which about 45% was in China and 18% in the United States. titanium powder production has been growing slowly in recent years, with basic controls in the range of 4%. On the one hand, there has been a significant increase in the former titanium production capacity, overcapacity has become apparent in recent years, and on the other hand, the world economy has been weak in recent years, end demand has grown slowly, and titanium has grown slowly.
The low profitability of the powder industry has led to the closure of titanium powder production in some of the companies, so the growth in titanium powder production has been sustained in recent years.
(2) The concentration of domestic production to the elite is concentrated in Sichuan and other areas, affected by the mines, and in Sichuan and Shandong. Over the past few years, our capacity for titanium production has been growing steadily, and according to industry associations, it was produced in 2016 in nominal terms.
In addition, in 2016, 39 titanium powder companies produced 25,972 tons of titanium powder, up by 11.8 per cent from an all-time high and up by almost 9 percentage points from 2015. The country ' s environmental policy has been tightened since 2015, particularly at the centre of 2016.
Forty-one enterprises produced 28,695 tons of titanium powder a year, an increase of 270,000 tons over 2016, an increase of 10.49 per cent over 2016, and industrial capacity utilization of 80.8 per cent, an increase of 9 percentage points over 2016.
In 2017, 10 enterprises produced 100,000 tons or more, the sum of 1.86 million tons, representing 64.82 per cent of the country ' s total production, an increase of 2 percentage points from the previous year, while the leading company, the Pythal Union, accounted for 21 per cent of the country ' s total production. These show that the concentration of production in the industry has increased further.
Industry concentration is more pronounced, leading firms are more powerful, and the market share is expected to rise further in the future, with a larger set scale distribution of titanium powder production in our country, figure 192017, and an accelerated phase-out is expected in line with the new standards for titanium powder unit product consumption limits, issued in November 2015.
In addition, the Standard Conditions for the titanium powder industry explicitly require advanced production processes, with a new single-line capacity of more than 30,000 tons. More than 50,000 tons of capacity is invested in sewage treatment and waste acid recovery facilities, and environmental costs are relatively low, while the majority of production capacity below 50,000 tons are small businesses, which are limited by funding and size.
The low economics of self-built sewage recycling have led to a significant increase in the cost of environmental protection, forcing products to lose their advantage in competition and to accelerate their output exit, which is estimated to account for 17% of total capacity. According to the 13th Five-Year Plan for China’s titanium powder industry, in March 2016, “three-to-one-one-way” was introduced in the titanium powder industry.
To promote the elimination of excess industrial capacity, the focus will be on two to three enterprises producing more than 300,000 tons of cleaner sulphuric acid per year; and two to three enterprises producing more than 100,000 tons of chlorination per year, which will develop brands of worldwide influence. To encourage the development of chlorination processes, the innovation of sulphuric acid processes, cleaner production, the restriction of new production units for sulphuric acid, and the phasing out of single-line production with less than one-line capacity
Twenty thousand tons of environmentally unsound sulphuric acid production devices. Over 20% of chlorinated products and over 80% of the production capacity of the top 10 businesses in the industry were achieved in the 13-50 period.
Chlorine-based capacity-building, with the dragon python being the rarest company in the country with two methods of titanium powder production, both of which are the first, the company will benefit from this development in the industry. (3) The volume of titanium powder exports is clearly high and demand for exports is strong.
In terms of imports, the volume of titanium powder imports has remained at around 200,000 tons per year since 2010, with moderate variations, with 28.8 million tons of titanium powder imports in the first quarter of 2018, a decline of 15.4 per cent compared with the previous quarter, mainly from Taiwan, Australia and the United States, accounting for 30 per cent, 20 per cent, and 17 per cent respectively. On the one hand, the majority of titanium powder imports are dominated by high-end titanium powder, and on the other.
On the one hand, imports of titanium powder are relatively small, and on the other hand, imports of titanium powder have generally had little impact on the supply relationship of future titanium powder. On the other hand, exports of titanium powder have been gradually increasing since 2010; on the other hand, exports of titanium powder have been increasing since 2010; on the other hand, they have been increasing in the quality of domestic titanium powder production and are consistent with the quality requirements of downstream firms abroad; and on the other hand, they have been exported abroad in recent years.
As a result of the limited capacity of the country ' s titanium powder production and the increase in demand for titanium powder from China, the volume of exports in 2017 reached 83.09 million tons, an increase of 1104 million tons, or 15.32 per cent, compared to the previous year. Exports reached 24.29 million tons in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 34.8 per cent over the same period, and the foreign market became a new demand point.
Emerging economies, such as India, Brazil, Viet Nam, Indonesia, Thailand, etc., are at a fast-growing stage, with large future growth potential, which will be the core driving force behind the continued growth of domestic titanium exports. (4) In the short term, new domestic capacity will be created or will not be able to exit it.
In terms of new production capacity, by 2021, the country will be dominated by chlorination devices, with 370,000 tonnes of sulphuric acid and 980,000 tonnes of chlorination. Most of these are proposed projects, with tons actually under construction, and environmental stress since 2017, may cause more capacity to exit.
Due to environmental pressure to exit and the impact of environmental protection on new projects, the country’s new capacity for titanium powder will be very limited in recent years. Data source: company announcements, collection of gold-rich securities, from the titanium powder terminal industry, demand for titanium powder is driven mainly by real estate, automobiles, and real estate dominates it.
In part, titanium powder is widely used in building paints, furniture paints, plastics, etc., and about 60% of the world’s titanium powder products are consumed in real estate. In the short term, an increase in the area sold will boost the market for titanium powder by stimulating the demand for furniture, appliances, etc.; in the medium and long term, an increase in the area of new construction of houses will be used for titanium powder at a later stage.
In terms of historical data, titanium powder is the post-real estate sector, with a delay of about one year between the increase in consumption and the sales of housing data. In 2016, the market area for merchandise houses was 1,573 million square metres, an increase of 22.5% over the same period.
The pace has been high since 2010, and, according to historical experience, in 2017 titanium powder production increased significantly from the previous year, but in 2017 the rate of titanium powder production decreased by 1.3 percentage points compared to the rate of the previous year. This may be due to two factors, one being the unprecedented severity of environmental policy in 2017, which led to a partial shutdown or reduction of production, and the other to titanium production.
The rate of increase in the production of powder was slower than in the previous year, while the production of titanium in 2017 was at an all-time high, with a number of major plants operating at full capacity and facing bottlenecks in the production of titanium powder. The increase in titanium production in 2017 was not as fast as expected, but the downstream demand from real estate was still in place, and it was expected that this demand would be released later, giving impetus to post-ttanium demand.
On the other hand, the housing stock base in the country is very large, and the secondary re-painting market is expected to support titanium in the long run. On the basis of the area sold in commercial houses in 2004, the stock of commercial houses has been maintained for almost a decade.
Both are growing faster, adding to the heat of second-hand house trading, and the potential demand for refilling the market is enormous. The foreign re-painting market is relatively mature, accounting for 70-75%, compared to the domestic repainting market, which is still in its initial stages of development. According to the repainting market, the re-painting of the interior decorative materials of the common house has a cycle of 8-10 years, if 10 years is used as a re-painting cycle, 2009.
Taking into account China’s large stock of houses and the second one, the demand for re-painting will strongly support the view of the titanium industry. Automobile paints and car plastics are indispensable ingredients for automobile production and another important tool for titanium powder applications.
Area. There is a strong positive correlation between the rate of increase in automobile production and the rate of increase in titanium powder consumption, which, according to historical trends, has been substantially synchronized, with steady growth in automobile production laying the foundation for the expansion of titanium powder industry, where the volume of automobile sales has remained positive since 2010, generating continuing demand for titanium powder.
28.9 million, or 3.42% over the same period. In the first five months of 2018, China sold 1,179 million cars, an increase of 5.46% over the same period.
With a two-digit growth rate of 217 million vehicles in 2017, representing an increase of 11.85 per cent over the same period, the demand for re-painting and re-painting of vehicles is high, with 831,000 tons per year of composite growth of 17.8 per cent per year, and titanium powder exports growing at an even higher rate in the first quarter of 18th year.
Since then, it has increased steadily, rising to 29% in 2017. The share of exports of titanium powder is significantly higher than that of the industry, and in 2017 the share of exports exceeded 50%, and the share of exports has been higher. The rapid growth of emerging economies abroad in recent years has led to an annual increase in domestic exports of titanium powder.
They are in the range of US$ 1300-8,000, and these countries are at a fast-growing stage according to the pattern of development of the real estate sector. Of this, per capita gdp is still at around US$ 2,000 in India and Viet Nam, with the fastest growth in real estate and the strongest increase in demand for titanium powder imports.
The titanium powder is the most important producer of titanium powder, and in the structure of the cost of titanium powder production, titanium concentrate accounts for nearly four tons of titanium powder.
The price of titanium-based titanium powder has been rising. According to company announcements, the price of the titanium-based titanium powder has been increased by more than twice as much as the price of the sulphate-like titanium powder in 2016 and 2017, respectively. From 2018 to date, the company ' s titanium-based titanium-sulphate powder has been subject to an adequate order, low stock and tight supply twice.
The price of titanium powder and 46% titanium concentrate shows that, after September 2017, the price gap between titanium powder and titanium concentrate has widened and titanium powder is profitable. The 2018 titanium powder market has a supply end of 100,000 tons in demand and supply, and is scheduled to start production by the end of 2018, with limited production capacity, and additional national environmental stress days.
As a result, environmental actions and policies, such as the Central Environmental Monitoring Unit's back-to-back, and the Provincial Environmental Monitoring Initiative, continue to be implemented, with titanium, as a heavily contaminated industry, small-scale production companies facing environmental pressure or further withdrawal, facing a tight supply situation.
Long. Overall, titanium supply in 2018 is tighter than in 2017, and the overall price of titanium powder in 2018 is expected to be maintained.
In contrast, the price of titanium powder, the company’s main product, has not continued to decline since 2018 because of the fall in the price of the raw titanium concentrate, but the price difference has widened further, and the price difference will increase the company’s performance. After that, the market looks at the supply and demand of titanium powder.
Relationships are good, titanium prices are volatile, current valuations are low, future performance is sustainable, and suitable layouts are appropriate. Figure 29 Average price trends and forecasts for the gold-stamp titanium powder market, 9 and profit projections, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
The company now owns the larger resources of the iron ore, and is a small group of companies with the entire chain of “magnetium ore- titanium ore- titanium powder,” which was largely self-sufficient and has an all-industry advantage. The company plans to achieve 200,000 tons of new orthopaedic orthopaedic powder by early 2019.
The company’s future performance is expected to grow steadily, as a leader in the industry and with a full-chain advantage, and is covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating. Environmental risk: corporate titanium powder production is declining due to environmental factors.
The price of titanium powder is at a risk of a significant drop. The increase in the production of titanium powder with chlorinated methods is not as fast as expected. (Expected return; er) the expected remuneration is given as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.