Shunfeng Holdings (002352.sz) Actively adjusted product structure with net profit of 22h1 increasing by 231% over the same period. Events: Companies published their semi-annual report for 2022: Companies earned $13.1 billion in the first half of the year, compared to the same amount
Of this amount, 2q earned 67.08 billion yuan, or 88.2 per cent more than the same amount, mainly 21q2 non-recurring gains and losses transferred from three properties in Fuoshan, Lai and Hong Kong to be disposed of by the Hondo Real Estate Investment Trust Fund.
Revenue of 896 million yuan. Ongoing repair: 22h1 won $13.1 billion, an increase of 47.2 per cent from the same year, which is the highest annual performance since the company was listed. q2 battalion, based on a net return of q1 to the mother of 1,022 million yuan.
Thanks to the company’s focus on core logistics strategies, product competitiveness and income quality were enhanced by adjusting the product structure. In the first half of 2022, the company’s traditional rapid-transport logistics business was 5.13 billion votes, compared to last year’s, with 10 per cent of the city’s rate.
During the first half of the year, thanks to the optimization of the product structure, the preferential distribution of low-mori power items was phased out, and electricity suppliers were classified separately from the cash delivery business.
Express operations and express operations resulted in revenues of $11.81 billion, or 7.3 per cent, for smooth economy express operations, 49.26 billion, or 5.1 per cent, for prescription express operations, and 3.3 per cent for single ticket revenue and better quality of revenue for the overall fast-moving logistics block.
The size of the international business portfolio has benefited from and increased from $8.57 billion to $46.530 billion, an increase of 442.7 per cent; from $2.240 billion to $2.87 billion in the same city ' s emergency operations camp, which has maintained a steady growth of nearly 10 per cent; and from a steady increase in the fast-moving business base.
At the same time, the company's new business portfolio grew by 2661 per cent.
Medicine-to-home services; joint efforts to open up cross-border products in South-East Asia, and European-American cold-chain products, and joint release of new service products to make resources available. Māori rates continue to improve, and costs are well regulated: companies have been running for nine months since November 21
The share has been reduced to lower prices, but the market strategy has been actively adjusted to adhere to fine-tuning cost controls, improving efficiency of input output, promoting four networks of accommodation, enhancing the integration of site and line resources, and effectively reducing transport costs, with the Māori rate rising by 2.42 per cent to 12.52 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Oblast airport is operational and effectively time-bound and international operations are being promoted: Hoshishi Lake Airport became operational on 17 July 2022, the first specialized cargo hub in Asia and the fourth in the world.
The first two shipping routes will open from Okhu to Shenzhen and Shanghai, and will open to international shipping routes such as Osaka and Frankfurt when the shipment is fully opened by the end of November. By 2025, the number of passengers at Hanako Airport is expected to be around 50 and the number of domestic routes will be around the world.
As the company’s products become wider and more layered, the Australasia airport axle irradiation of the sky will also increase the overall reproduction rate, enhance allocation efficiency, and effectively contribute to a reduction in the cost of single tickets.
Resource planning and cost control, with four networks accommodating the integration of transport resources and cross-practice resource coordination; and improved profitability of new operations. With the delivery of Lake Flower Airport in Ozhou, this will provide a strong growth engine for timeliness, international operations, and supply chains, with the ability of companies to negotiate their products.
The report was prepared by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients. The report cannot be copied or re-issued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but this report has not been independently validated.
The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and its subsidiaries and associated companies may use or use this report prior to receipt of the report or on the basis of information or research recommended by the House. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report is  with or on the ground, or will be bought, sold or offered a certificate as described in the report.