Ecurities Center for Resources and Environmental Research
Optimizing operations and achieving a significant reduction in new operations on 30 August, HSBC issued its semi-annual report for 2022. The operating income of 2022h1 was $13.064 billion, an increase of 47.22 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was $2,512 million, an increase over the same period.
1. " A significant increase in reported performance during the period of the epidemic, marked by the impact of the epidemic on cities, with the March-May limitation period under pressure; and the realization of economic courier operations - a review of the performance forecast in Consistency Holdings " ,
118.1 billion yuan, a 7.3 per cent decline over the same period. This is mainly due to the proactive adjustment of the product structure, the gradual withdrawal of the low-Māori power package, and an increase of 3.3 per cent in the revenues of the fast-moving logistics ticket; 130 million yuan, a 1.6 per cent increase over the same period; and $4.07 billion in the cold-transport and pharmaceutical operations, an increase over the same period.
Inter-State operations generated 46.530 billion yuan, an increase of 442.7 per cent over the previous quarter, mainly in the consolidation of Garry logistics, further expanding the supply chain and international operations.
In-depth report, 2022,3.30 New operations realized losses and fast shipments started to make a profit. Speeding Divisions earned 2,111 million yuan, an increase of 163.3 per cent over the same period. As the new business matures, adding cost controls has led to a reduction in the new business.
Of this amount, the large branch made a profit of $8.74 million, and lost $580 million in the same period last year, resulting in a straight-on loss; the same branch lost $144 million, compared to $407 million in the same period last year; the supply chain and its adherence to streamlined cost control, with the Australasia airport being shipped. The company insisted on cost management and excellent operations.
To improve the efficiency of inputs and output, and to continue to promote the integration of the four networks, strengthening of the network, transit sites, and circuit resources; to implement a change in the network model for end-of-end optimization and the management of the receiving brother-in-law. On 17 July, Oshishi Lake Airport was shipped to the trans-shipment hub, which will boost smooth domestic time cover and the international air transport network.
Jung-ming's layout, which brings with it more business growth, is expected to improve the efficiency of the network through the axle irradiation network, increase the competitiveness of the statute of limitations and reduce the operating costs of the network.
Wangkaijie Wang Kaijie@gjzg.com.cn Risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, risk of significant increases in labour costs, and failure to increase productivity utilization as expected
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment