Improved profitability as a result of structural improvements The surplus shareholdings (002352), which were reported in mid-2022, resulted in net profit returns to the mother of $1,236 million, an increase of 88.2 per cent over the same period, and an improved business structure with superior efficiency.
While the spread of the quarterly internal epidemic has had some impact on companies ' operations, the need for smooth logistics in places such as Shanghai has attracted the attention of the Government. In April, the Department of State issued a circular on good shipping and logistics, which requires all regions and sectors to do their utmost to secure freight logistics.
From 1 May to the end of the year, value-added tax (VAT) was waived on eligible courier service income, which led to rapid repairs in the logistics business. The delivery business was resilient. With the new coronary outbreak perturbing, the company completed 5.13 billion deliveries in the first half of the year.
Same-same, but single-ticket revenue rose by 47.3% the same year, and expressive business resilience and profitability became apparent. In sub-operations, prescription delivery did not include tax revenue of $49.26 billion, an increase of 5.1%; Economic Express did not include tax revenue of $11.81 billion, a decrease of 7.3%; and Express did not include tax revenue.
This represents an increase of 1.6% over the same period; a non-tax revenue of $4.07 billion for cold transport and medicine, an increase of 9.3% over the same year; a tax-free income of $2.87 billion for emergency transport with the city, an increase of $2.87 billion over the same period.
The airport transit centre is expected to be operational in the course of the year, and the company will gradually plan to adapt the axle irradiated air network and expand it.
Large statutes of limitations cover urban areas and use scale benefits to reduce time limits costs. Go up to recommended ratings. Epidemic disturbances affect demand, with the company ' s overall size equal, lagging behind the industry ' s growth rate, but with a significant increase in individual income and a superior business structure.
Axle irradiation networks and prescriptions are now operational, leading to the start-up of air freight, and the acquisition of maily logistics is based on South-East Asia as the Kibble Global Air Cargo Market. Over the long term, corporate performance has been completed, structural adjustment has led to the restoration of performance, air freight has opened the door to long-term growth and is expected to be public.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.