The second quarter of 2022 saw a positive growth in the profit ring, and business development continued to improve. Transport and logistics performed well in the second quarter of 2022, with a significant improvement in net profit on a year-on-year basis.
The company’s performance in the second quarter has been robust in the context of control over the burden of operations. The straight-line network is stable, and the second-quarter performance ring is still growing at a faster and faster pace.
The firm stability of the straight-up model, which we estimate is still modest in terms of business volume in the second quarter, 1) firm corporate focus on the core logistics strategy, with emphasis on long-term sustainable health development; 2) persistence of competition, gradual improvement in product structure and reduction in the volume of low Maori products; 3) continued enrichment
Resource planning and cost control, further strengthening of networks, transit sites, backbones, integration of transport resources and synergies of resources across operational blocks to increase resource efficiency and input output ratios; 3) improved profitability of new operations; 5) limited integration of Jali logistics networks since the fourth quarter of 2021
The company grew steadily in 2022, with medium- and long-term prospects for international operations and the development of the airport in Ozhou. At present, asset utilization will increase.
In the medium-to-long term, we believe that the company’s international operations, as well as the Orzhou airport, have greater potential for development. 1) At this stage, smooth logistics and Gary are moving forward with integration and cooperation.
Shunt Holdings (002352.sz) - Quarterly Profiting Performance, Equity Incentives to Companies will accelerate the expansion of South-East Asia-represented international markets in the future through Togary Logistics, Carri Logistics, Short-Term Impact of the Epidemic, Quarterly Profiting Performance
International freight forwarder operations and logistics express operations in South-East Asia will have strong synergies with welfare; 2) Oxy “Sufficient Holdings (002352.sz) - Proximity downturn benefits are visible, profitability is changing seasonally. State airports are expected to start bringing positive results to smooth domestic and international logistics operations in the first half of next year.
Performance forecast for HSBC - 002352-21: Four quarters of profitability is fast-tracked to work, opening up room for smooth growth and strengthening smooth competition barriers. HSBC - Three quarters of 002352-21: Three quarters of profitability continues.
Investment recommendations: below profit forecasts, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Performance was robust in the second quarter of 2022, with a significant improvement in net profit margins. Companies projected a real $1 billion (78-101 per cent increase in the same year) in the second quarter of 2022.
The company’s performance in the second quarter of the year is robust, and the second quarter’s performance ring is still growing at a faster and faster pace. Although some of the country’s core in the second quarter has been blocked by the epidemic, it has benefited from a country-wide coverage of a smooth logistics network and a direct business model.
We estimate that the company’s second-quarter turnover, on a year-on-year basis, has increased positively. And the company’s second-quarter net-returned profit margin has grown by 28-45%, largely as a result of: 1) firm corporate focus on nuclear logistics strategies, with emphasis on long-term sustainable health development; 2) persistent competition, with product structures gradually shifting.
(c) Continuous promotion of streamlined resource planning and cost control and further enhancement of network, transit, backbone transport resource integration and cross-practice resource alignment to increase resource efficiency and input output ratio;
4th quarter performance of the Merger Carrie Logistics Network Ltd.; 6) Revenue from the provision of essential goods express delivery services to residents is exempt from VAT for the period from 1 May to 31 December 2022. Figure 3: Single-quarter net profit on surplus holdings (in billions of yuan)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject