The Centre for Resource and Environmental Research reported a significant increase in performance and demonstrated its advantage during the epidemic.
On 14 July, the Hondo Holdings issued a semi-annual performance forecast for 2022. The 2022h1 company, a parent net profit company, had its operations under repeated influence and had its operations revived in May. The 2022h1 Express industry was significantly affected by the epidemic, some cities in the country were blocked by the epidemic in March-May, while fuel prices increased costs.
In April, there was a 10% drop in the size of the company. Relying on the advantage of the direct network, the diversity of the end-to-end, 1. q1 plus the trade-off, which incentivized the plan to increase the capacity of logistics services, multi-networked smart planning and fine-tuning resource dynamics, May
Corporate volume grew by 4.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, better than industry growth by 0.2 per cent, leading to a recovery in business volume.
3. The closing of barriers, with wide scope for growth - the proceeds from the disposal of trust funds, resulted in a much higher rate of non-net gains of 2022q2 than net gains during the same period.
Quick. Improved profitability stems mainly from: (i) a sustained focus on core logistics strategies, with emphasis on sustainable healthy development; (ii) a better product structure that reduces the volume of low-māori products; and (iii) maintenance of streamlined cost controls to improve the efficiency of input output, sustained progress towards four-line accommodations and enhanced network, transit and line resources.
Combined: (4) Improved profitability of new operations: (5) 2021q4 combined performance of Kari logistics. The fleet continues to expand to reinforce the statute of limitations moats. On 11 July, the 73rd All cargo aircraft, the fifth of which was shipped in 2022, will be operational in Shenzhen.
It is expected that the company fleet will reach 80 by the end of the year and will further strengthen the moats of the statute of limitations operation, which will also contribute to the future development of international operations.
Irrigation network efficiency, increasing the competitiveness of the statute of limitations and reducing the operating costs of the network.
Risks of macroeconomic fluctuations, risk of significant increases in labour costs, failure to increase productivity utilization as expected Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as an average market investment