• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The company realized revenues of 130.1 billion yuan (+47.2 per cent of the same year), 2.51 billion yuan (+231 per cent of the same year) for the mother and 2.15 billion yuan (+550 per cent of the same year) for the non-mortality profit. If the logistics of the company were excluded, the sum of 90.2 billion yuan (+2.1 per cent of the same year) for the 22h1 battalion was measured, and 1.63 billion yuan (+2.1 per cent of the same year) for the mother.
Dollars (same as +113.9 per cent), excluding the parent net profit of $1.26 billion (same as +364.7 per cent). In addition to the same city ' s emergency operations (same as +28.2 per cent) and Gary ' s logistics (same as +38.6 per cent), revenue from other operations has increased at a slower or negative rate.
• Review of the number of sites with a net decrease of 47, a small trunking load + 9 pp, a large trunk load + 3 pp,
The average vehicle load ratio is +9.6 per cent, transit per capita performance + 8 per cent, with a drop of about $410 million. In the medium and long term, clients and product stratification will significantly enhance the company’s business capacity.
The product hierarchy, which helps to manage users' expectations of different products, also provides greater flexibility for network optimization and efficiency in resource use.
Multinetization is less than expected: higher labour costs: slower macroeconomic growth: less business growth: higher price competition: the epidemic continues to affect business operations: higher oil prices, etc. 1. Fragile cyclical integration of networks, driven at home and abroad
1 Data: Garrett gains, other new business losses and millions of dollars of net profit. The company released its semi-annual report for 2022, which generated business income of $13.1 billion (+47.2% of the year), net profit of $2.51 billion (+231% of the year) and net profit of $2.15 billion excluding non-mortality.
:: 90.2 billion yuan (+2.1 per cent year-on-year) of operating income for 2022h1 and 1.63 billion yuan (up to 47.2 per cent per year) of net return to the mother (up to 47.2 per cent per year)
After the performance report of the unit, after the measurement of the performance report of the enrichment control unit, the measurement of the results of the sub-operations shows that other operations, with the exception of dispatch operations with the city and the Jali logistics, are growing at a slower or negative rate.
In terms of prescription express revenue, 49.3 billion yuan (+5.1 per cent of the same year), economy express revenue, 11.8 billion yuan (+7.3 per cent of the same year), fast transport revenue, 13.2 billion yuan (+1.6 per cent of the same year), cold transport and medicine revenue, 4.1 billion yuan (+9.3 per cent of the same year), same city, 2.9 billion yuan (+28.2 per cent of the same year), supply chain and international revenue, 46.5 billion yuan (+442.7 per cent of the same year),
His non-logistics business is 2.37 billion yuan (+90.7% of the same year). If Gary logistics is excluded, the supply chain and international business revenue is 6.7 billion yuan, a decrease of approximately 21.8% per year, Gary logistics revenue is 39.8 billion yuan, an increase of about 38.6% per year, the speed transport branch is growing rapidly, and other logistics branches are losing significantly overall.
The net profit of 2022h1 was $2.11 billion, an increase of 163.3 per cent over the same period, combined with net profit of about $420 million for the large segment, the conjoined segment and the supply chain and the international segment (excluded from Gary), with losses of 60.4 per cent lower than the same level of losses, and its two-point rating: the network continues to operate on a stratification basis and is expected to drive.
In the short term, the company ' s 2022h1 business (excluding Gary ' s logistics) grew temporarily, fast-moving logistics initiatives, controlling the scale and growth of low-mori business, which, despite the pressure on income growth, significantly reduced the size of the losses of the new business. Moreover, as the macro-environment margins improved, the company ' s rapid-moving logistics revenues in June and July were reduced significantly.
In the medium-to-long term, while network optimization is a slow variable, multiple networks are increasingly integrated to provide the basis for continuous improvements in company performance and are gradually releasing results.
The overall upgrade of the network requires long-term patience. The results of the 2022h1 network are further demonstrated, with a net reduction of 47 sites, a small backbone loading rate + 9 pp, a large backbone loading rate + 3 pp, an average vehicle load ratio of + 9.6 per cent, a transit per capita performance + 8 per cent and a reduction of about $410 million.
In the medium-to-long term, the stratification of clients and products will greatly enhance the company’s business capacity. Distinguishing clients into ska (strategic clients), ka (industry clients), sme (medium clients) and single customers, according to the specific characteristics of the different stratification clients, gives the corresponding overall programme, which is conducive to expanding the landscape and making the client more sticky.
To further improve the company's ability to perform its business and to develop “inner” and sedimentation capabilities when the market environment is poor, and to achieve high-quality growth when the market environment improves. Product stratification, with a clearer classification of products based on criteria such as size and speed, helps to manage users' expectations of different products on the one hand, and clearer service standards on the other.
In short, short-term growth pressures are weakening marginally, taking into account the continued upgrading of medium- and long-term operational and operational capabilities, as well as future airports, multimodal transport, and promising international markets. We emphasize that companies are still in place.
In the medium-to-medium-to-long period, and with sustained improvement in performance, industry leaders deserve higher valuation premiums. Multinetization is less than expected: rising labour costs: slower macroeconomic growth: less business growth than expected: increased price competition; continuing impact of the epidemic on business operations; rising oil prices, etc.
Internet companies, financial and industrial combinations, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.