{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002352.sz) 02 sub-performance, smooth business development good, yoy+3%, positive growth for eight months: supply chain business for the first time broke the $10 billion mark.
And the best single-quarter profit performance in the same period since it was listed in 21q4. 22q2 net non-recurring gains and losses will transfer the interests of the three property assets located in Fuoshan, Luang Lake, Hong Kong to $943 million in proceeds from the disposal of the Consistency Real Estate Investment Trust. 22q2 was disturbed by the epidemic.
Under the influence of external factors such as poor transport, declining business volume and rising oil prices, companies have managed to respond effectively to external challenges by providing stable and reliable quality of service, end-to-end diversification of logistics services, multi-networked and coordinated intellectual planning and fine-tuned resource dynamics.
At the same time, consistent competition has led to a gradual improvement in the product structure and a reduction in the volume of low Maori products. The profitability of new operations, such as fast-moving operations, compatriots, and the acquisition of Gary's logistics are expected to generate stronger growth dynamics in international operations, still looking at corporate portfolios.
Institutional investors account for a share in the flow of a share and the profit gains that result. Businesses have declined slightly, and single-ticket revenues have recovered slightly: one small 0.62 per cent decline in corporate business in June.
Mainly as a result of the company ' s proactive restructuring of its products in late 21 to reduce the volume of low-māori products, the volume of business has returned to normal at a rate of 4.4 per cent, and with the lifting of seals and the gradual recovery of Shanghai with 618 electric power suppliers, the production of fresh fruits has continued to flourish, and the return of goods in June, compared with 2021.
At the peak of November, the 1,027 million votes were roughly equal, an increase of 8 per cent over the same period. In terms of single-count revenues, companies did not lower prices in order to capture market shares. Instead, they actively adjusted market strategies and insisted on fine-tuning cost controls, improving input output efficiency, promoting cross-linkage, and strengthening sites and routes.
Resource consolidation, effective reduction of operating costs, and improved profitability are expected to improve further. Oblast airport is operational and effectively upgraded time frame and international operations: Hoshishi Lake Airport became operational on 17 July 2022, and Hanako Airport is the first specialized freight hub in Asia and the fourth in the world.
In terms of cargo, the first two shipping routes to Shenzhen and Shanghai will open, in accordance with the principle of first and subsequent international traffic, and will open international freight routes such as Osaka and Frankfurt by the end of November.
Around 50 domestic routes form a radioactive nation, with global access to international air freight. Profit predictions: local consumption promotion policies are in place after the epidemic is effectively controlled, and demand for online consumption is expected to continue to be released. The price war has subsided, the industry has begun to focus on the quality of services, and the company is straight.
While the camp model has its natural advantages, the company will continue to enjoy cost optimization from four networks of blending and fine-tuning operations. And the post-carrying of the Orzhou airport will provide a powerful engine of growth for timeliness, international operations, and the supply chain, with the company’s ability to negotiate products and optimize costs, and strong performance repair.
Taking into account the depreciation and the increase in management costs associated with the airport's commissioning, we have slightly reduced the 2022 surplus, lower than expected, higher fuel costs, etc.