Eastern Wealth (300059) Annual Report 2022: Expansion of the size of the securities business, maintenance of wealth management and digital transformation 2023
In 2022, the stock-based trading value of the company was 19.24 trillion yuan, or 3.88 per cent of the city's share, mainly through the Eastern wealth securities subsidiary, with a further increase in the market share and in the profitability of the brokering business, based on a substantially flat turnover. (2) credit operations,
Billion yuan (+11.27%) and corporate self-employment has been growing in reverse, mainly as a result of increased corporate investment in bonds, bank finance and structural deposits, as well as reduced equity-type investment decisions.
In the last three quarters, there was a sustained shock on the market, and four quarters of the bond market was huge.
On the one hand, there has been a decline in the size of the Fund ' s sales holdings, and according to the statistics of China and the Association, by the fourth quarter of 2022, 100 agencies with pre-market sales had combined equity and bond fund sales holdings of $565 trillion, respectively.
Three-quarter review of Eastern Wealth (300059) 2022: short sales agencies, exposed to larger market shocks, with sales holdings of $465.7 billion in each of the two funds.
The period was influenced by the market climate, and attention was paid to long-term value growth - significant growth in portfolio operations, leading the Fund's business industry - a bleak market, with a 61.10 per cent decrease in the total share of equity funds issued in the same year, and mixed funds.
The daily fund service platform has an average of 2.136.6 million active visitors per day (32.11%), the daily service platform has experienced a significant decline in the number of users, the size of the fund's sales has declined, and the income from its financial products has been under pressure. Companies have achieved a total of $201 trillion (-10.06%) in sales of the fund, including non-monetary funds.
In 2022, the company’s digital transformation continued to deepen, while companies, with a small overall operating income, again increased R & D costs by about 30 per cent, with R & D spending reaching 9.36 per cent in 2022.
One billion yuan (+29.25 per cent), representing 7.49 per cent of total revenue. On the other hand, companies have streamlined their research and development teams and adjusted their composition to improve their quality. By the end of 2022, their research and development staff had 17 proprietary and 240 generic technologies, an increase of 3 and 62, respectively, compared to the previous year.
In the context of the country’s strategy to build a digital China, the digitalization of the securities sector has become a necessary trend, with companies gaining greater technological advantage as domestic Internet fares. At the same time, companies have continued to scale up their digitalization and wealth management transformations, further consolidating their advantages and upgrading their market position during the reporting period.
On 30 December 2022, the company issued a circular stating that it had obtained the approval of the Swiss Stock Exchange Supervisory Authority for issuing gdr and placing it on the Swiss Stock Exchange.
Funds raised will be used for dry (1) wealth management products and services, (2) R & D technologies, (3) subsidiaries, (4) overseas branch building, etc. Figure 2 Total Eastern wealth assets (billions of yuan)
Figure 3 Business income and growth rates of Eastern wealth, Figure 4 Net profits and growth rates of Eastern wealth The Central Asian securities non-banking team is committed to research on bond dealers, insurance, diversified financial sectors, consistent follow-up of listed companies, industry regulation and market dynamics, and in-depth, timely and differentiated analysis.
In the context of shareholders, there are more in-depth studies on the synergies between the various financial practices of gold-controlled platforms, such as coupons, insurance, trusts, leasing, and industrial investment. In the absence or future, they will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the SAC, unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization from the SAC.