Eastern wealth (300059.sz) 24/03/2023
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) event: Eastern Wealth indicated on the Interactive Platform on 23 March that several AI-related items had been developed and specifically applied, and that further research would continue in the areas of aigc, interactive ai.
• Keeping the `buy-in' rating on the interactive platform, which clearly identifies multiple `ai projects' that have been developed and specifically applied in selected products and services, will continue to strengthen capacity-building in aigc, interactive `ai' and enhance user experience and competitiveness.
As a platform for Internet wealth management, with a sub-situation of an individual, a multi-year accumulation of financial data, and a high level of sustained investment in research and development, we appreciate the company’s advantage in building an i capacity and integrating ai technology, which is expected to maintain its leading position in Internet wealth management.
• A number of AI-related projects have been developed and will continue to go further into the aigc, interactive ai field.
The company will continue to keep up with the technological development of the company, continuously increase its investment in research and development, continuously strengthen its capacity-building, and further strengthen the natural language service, according to several items related to artificial intelligence, such as the iIntelligent Production Platform, multimedia smart information and interactive platform systems.
Technical capacity in the areas of culture, image processing, speech recognition and multi-model integration, and further research in the areas of aigc, interactive ai, improved content eco-building, continuous optimization of user experiences and improved overall service capacity.
(1) Application scene: the company owns two major portfolio + fund sales licences, based on a one-stop Internet platform, maintains the Stock & Fund Stock Stock Exchanges that continue to increase, value the investment finance landscape continues to be broken down, and the entire wealth management service system is built.
Security margin -- Eastern wealth 2022 site, scene use experience, future or creation of new scenes to tap client life-cycle needs for consolidation of traffic 2023.3.18
(b) Strengths and increases in client conversion rates. (2) Data accumulation: through the Choice data terminal, companies accumulated wealth. Performance forecasts meet expectations, focus on gdr issuing rich financial data, and benefit from the advantage of ai capacity in the vertical field. (3) R & D: companies value R & D investment.
The company's overseas operations - the wealth of the east is to be delivered in Switzerland.