The annual report on wealth in the east: a negative growth in financial management operations and concerns about this year's performance; the annual report on the disclosure of wealth in the east: $12,486 million in total corporate income; and the annual report on the financial situation in the country.
In 2022, the gross income of Eastern wealth securities services rose by 2.21 per cent in comparison with the previous year, accounting for 62.93 per cent of total operating income. The market share increased by 100 billion yuan, thus contributing to the growth of income from securities brokering.
Investment growth has been strong, and returns have outpaced expectations. At the end of the reporting period, firms had paid 63.346 billion yuan in easy financial assets, an increase of 88.69 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
In 2022, the amount of money sold by the country ' s wealth was 2013,343 million yuan, a decrease of 10.06 per cent compared to the same period the previous year;
The number of day-to-day active users of Kim's app is 21.36 million, a 32.1 per cent decline compared to the previous year, and the Sky Fund relies on its rules of flow in the area of Internet finance as one of the small asset blocks of “sunshine”—2023/03/07 rich.
Pacific AfDB Week Perspective: Bonders have recently focused on the advantages of annual reporting, attracting users, increasing user stickivity and improving business transformation rates, thus further building expectations and releasing insurance benefits from double-end recovery.
Marginalizes the cost advantage. However, in view of the changes in the size of fund sales and the number of users per day, Eastern wealth faces increased competitive market pressure in this business, while Eastern wealth
The Pacific Silver Week: Billionaires are expected to blow up this year, and more mature business with the rest of the industry, leading to a preference for volatility, loss of user, or shift to other platforms.
In 2022, there was a downward trend in the downloads of the Sky Fund and an increase in the rest of the platform. In the third and fourth quarters of 2022, the size of the sales agency of the Fund was: the number of downloads of the sales agency of the first three funds in 2022 changed:
Research and development inputs continue to be scaled up, and the flow advantage is expected to be re-established. As the industry climate rises, capital markets are well opened and good policies are made, industry participants increase and tariffs are marketed. According to the company ' s 2023 Business Plan, increased investment in research and development is aimed at tracking industry trends and innovation.
New technologies, continuous enhancement of big data platform R&D and AI applications, improved user access, queries, stickyness and service advantages, and the strengthening of real-flow barriers. Meanwhile, the company’s recent announcement that it has obtained the High New Technologies Enterprise Certificate shows that R&D inputs are beginning to yield results, waiting for technological innovation to improve.
Market recovery, focusing on 2023 performance traps. Looking forward to 2023, as capital market systems improve and investor sentiment recover, Eastern wealth securities services are expected to move further.
At the same time, the company will speed up the distribution of integrated financial services, expand private fund-raising and insurance brokering, and create a full-scale license for wealth management.
The sales performance of the Fund is expected to reverse the downward trend in the context of the enhancement and restoration of the net worth of the Fund.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.