In 2022, the company achieved business income of $12,486 million, and the equity portfolio: overall income growth, with a rising share. The capital market was characterized by a decline in the public market in 2022.
The Division achieved $7,857 million in portfolio revenue, a 2 per cent increase over the same period. The reason for the reversal was the flexible fund sales block: holdings were strong and the market climate was declining to absorb the fund's sales income. 2022 Under the influence of a phased “double-kill” of equity debt, the fund's sales operations were delayed. In 2022, the company achieved the base.
By the end of 2022, the daily fund stock of billions, second-tier banks, ant wealth, was ranked third in the industry. The daily fund platform maintained the advantage of the moat, with the platform ' s accumulated fund sales of more than $8 trillion at the end of the reporting period, and the service platform lived on a daily basis.
The number of users jumped to 2.136.6 million, judging that market sales in 2023 were favourable to the sale of interest-based products, selling and maintaining higher rates, and that the company’s holdings and sales rates would increase steadily. Research and development costs continued to rise, exploring the digitalization of the ai operation.
The product is used in the morganstanley wealth management business, which opens up the imagination of the ai and large-language model (llm) in financial applications. The company ' s R & D costs rose by 29% in 2022 compared to the same year, significantly faster than total growth (about 1%).
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Reverse growth in securities operations, continuation of platform advantages - technological tools such as big data, artificial intelligence, upgrading of technological capabilities, consolidation of Internet genetic advantages, followed by opportunities to explore the application of relevant technologies.
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - The Reverse Growth of Securities Income, The Fountain of Funds, The Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Strong Performance Growth, Strong Branding - Large Internet Services Platforms and Technology Research and Development Risks.
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Leveraging Platform ' s Strengths, Strong Growth - Investment Proposals: As a stock of scarce Internet coupons, companies compete for unique races, cost, flow advantages, Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Strong brand position, sustained business growth
In the long run, companies will benefit from reforms in capital market systems and the dividends of the great age of wealth management, corporate public funds in 2022.
:: Official exhibition of the investment consultant business, accompanied by the granting of the Fund's hosting qualifications, pending a new breakthrough in the area of wealth management in the future, with a “buy-in” rating for the company.
Investment proposals: As a stock of scarce Internet coupons, companies compete for a unique track, with clear cost and flow advantages, and base money holdings are industry leaders. Based on corporate-constructed wealth management biospheres and good growth space, it appears that as risk factors of market repression ease and market moods improve, companies will be revalued.
In the long term, companies will benefit from the reform of capital market systems and the dividends of the great age of wealth management, with the formal opening of the company ' s Public Fund Investment Consultants ' business in 2022, and the granting of the Fund ' s hosting qualifications, with technological empowerment, to achieve a new breakthrough in wealth management in the future and to maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject