During the Ninder era (300,750.sz) auto-car parts and components ii billion yuan, an increase of 31.7 per cent over the same period, and on 27 April, the company published a quarterly report in 2019, bringing it into operation at 2019q1.
The price of power cells has fallen and the Māori rate may continue to fall: according to the company's annual report, in 2018, we measured a sales price of about $1.15/wh per unit of the company's product, a decline of 18.2 per cent compared to the previous year, with a cost of about $0.76 per unit.
Revenues of $3.86 billion increased by 56.3 per cent the same year, Māori increased by 23.1 per cent, falling by 4.0 pct the same year, while the unit price of the product was largely affected by the decline in the price of lithium cobalt resources. The storage energy system achieved business income of $190 million, an increase of 1052 per cent, and Māori increased by 19.0 per cent, an increase of 6.8 pct the same year. Other business income of $1.05 billion increased by 22.6 per cent the same year.
A 40.5% Māori ratio. A high growth in company storage system operations is expected to be a new driving force for the company’s development. Management and financial rates have fallen, while R&D rates have remained high: the company’s third fee rate in 2018 was 15.8%, compared to a significant decline in the amount of logistics and office costs; and sales cost was 4.7%, compared to an increase of 0.7 pt, mainly due to sales.
In the Ningde era, the three-fee rate fell sharply, the Maori rate was stable, international competition was active, and the growth of overseas markets was significant: companies deepened with BMW, Daimler, modern and modern companies in 2018.
In 2018, the company achieved $790 million in overseas business income, an increase of 122.4 per cent.
Ningde: Power cell sales have risen to the top of the world and lithium power has risen. The company has planned to build its first overseas production base in Germany, with a postnatal capacity of about 14 gwh in 2022, which is expected to rise; the expansion of the company’s production capacity is not expected; and the risk of an explosion of undesirable products.
In 2018, the company achieved operating income of 29.61 billion yuan, an increase of 48.1 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was 3.39 billion yuan, a decrease in the same year; the operating income was 9.98 billion yuan, an increase of 16.8 per cent in the same year; and the net profit to the mother was 1.05 billion yuan, an increase of 153.4 per cent in the same year, a rise in performance over the performance forecast.
(i) 48 per cent increase in business income in 2018, 12.7 per cent decrease in net profit from parentage in comparison with 12.7 per cent decrease in net profit from parentage of 3,387 million yuan, 12.7 per cent decrease from year to year, mainly due to a higher one-time return on investment during the same period last year. The large decline in company accounts receivable reflects the increased bargaining power of companies vis-à-vis downstream enterprises, and a major increase in inventory turnover days
Sub-operational income from the power cell system was $24.52 billion, representing an increase of 47.2 per cent, representing an increase of 83.3 per cent in the same year, a decrease of 1.2 per cent in the gross domestic product rate of 34.1 per cent, an increase of 3.86 billion yuan in the same year and an increase of 56.3 per cent in the turnover of lithium battery materials, representing an increase of 12.4 per cent, an increase of 23.1 per cent in the gross domestic product, a decrease of 4.0 per cent in the same year, and an increase of 1052 per cent in the turnover of the storage energy system.
The decline in power cell Māori is due mainly to the transfer upstream of the new energy vehicle subsidy slope; the decline in the Māori rate of lithium battery materials, mainly due to lower sales of lithium battery materials due to lower prices for cobalt products; and the substantial increase in the price of storage energy operations, mainly due to the gradual maturity of the storage environment and the relatively strong market demand.
(ii) Sustained growth in operating income of 2019q1, with the combined Māori rate down at RMB 9.98 billion, an increase of 168.9 per cent over the same period; net profit return of mothers at RMB 1.05 billion, an increase over the same period; cost rate of 15.7 per cent, a decrease of 3.6 pct over the same year, a decline of 2.0 pct over the same period; and management cost of 12.8 per cent;
The growth of the Department’s overseas revenues has been marked, the Māori rate has increased significantly, and the opening of overseas markets has been remarkable. The company has planned to establish its first overseas production base in Germany, forward production capacity planning is about 100 gwh, and overseas market expansion is accelerating. (i) Power cell prices have fallen and Māori rates may continue to fall.
In 2018, there was an upward trend in the prices of both the company ' s power cell system and lithium battery materials. In 2018, the company achieved a system sales of 21.31gwh, an increase of 79.8 per cent compared to the previous year. We measured a sales price of about $1.15/wh per unit of the company ' s product, a decrease of 18.2 per cent compared to the previous year. The unit cost was about $0.76/wh, a decrease of 16.7 per cent compared to the same period, mainly due to the high demand for power batteries, but the new energy vehicles were replenished.
The sharp fall in the price of batteries, which resulted in a significant decline in the price of lithium cobalt raw materials, and a sustained decline in the cost of products. The company ' s Lithium Battery material earned $3.86 billion in business in 2018, an increase of 56.3 per cent in comparison, and the Māori rate of 23.1 per cent in comparison with the same period, the decline in the ton of Māori was mainly affected by the decline in the price of lithium cobalt resources.
Actively engaged in international competition, accelerated expansion of overseas operations 1618 domestic patents and 38 offshore patents, with 2110 patents being applied. Strong R & D powers helped the Division to rapidly develop global battery customers. In 2018, it deepened its ties with BMW, Daimler, modern, Jaguar Road Rovers, the Snow Dragons, the Big ones.
The company will invest 240 million euros (approximately 1.87 billion people).
On February 15, 2019, according to the German Journal of Economics, the company’s president for Europe, Matias-Zantgraf, announced at a car seminar held in Bohing, Germany, that in 2021, the power core plant was to be put into production and the post-partum capacity of 14 gwh would be created.
It is planned to upgrade the production capacity of German plants from the planned 14gwh in 2022 to 100gwh in 2026. By that time, the German plant of the Ningde era will be the world’s largest battery production base. (iii) Future development strategies and business plans: keep the power cell industry in the lead and be active.
The company works in depth with key strategic clients, closely around the main business power cell system and the storage power system. Power cells: the full-scale layout of application markets and vehicle-type levels, establishing long-term partnerships with clients, continuing to seek targeted projects for large-scale overseas car company customers, and planning for the construction of the first overseas production base in Germany.
Increased R & D investment in different products such as lithium longevity, triple high energy density, fast-loading, etc., to achieve a technology that goes beyond competing industries and captures technological heights. Storage capacity: companies will adopt an overall strategy of “global marketing, regional deep-deeping, partly focused” in Europe and America, Australia, and Australia.
The four major regions of Korea, China, are the main battlegrounds, with multiple channels and modes of business growth. Battery recycling: companies will conduct battery recycling spots at home and abroad to achieve efficient resource recovery and recycling, and are planning to establish wet nickel smelters in Indonesia, in cooperation with companies like Greenmill and the Qingshan Group.
(b) Profit projections are based mainly on the following assumptions: (1) revenue side: 1) power cell sales will continue to grow in 2019, but prices will continue to hold: 2) with power
Battery stock increases, power cell recovery and material operations continue to grow; 3) storage applications are maturing and storage capacity is expected to move rapidly into the long term; with regard to Māori rates, the level of combined Māori rates is largely influenced by changes in product structure, with a breakdown of operational aspects: 1) power cells
In terms of costs, companies will continue to invest in product R & D and market channels, but as the scale of business expands, the overall cost of scale effects is expected to decline and the cost of R & D inputs is expected to remain.
We are optimistic about the company’s competitiveness in the product market, and the volume of goods delivered continues to grow. As a result of the sharp drop in subsidies for new energy vehicles, the unit price of the company’s products is expected to continue to fall.
(a) Unexpected expansion of new energy vehicles;
5. Risk of the explosion of undesirable products. Summary of financial statement forecasts and valuation data