Technology and cost advantages, building the first depth coverage report of the global power cell tap-Ninde (300,750), a global power cell tap with a core management team from atl, a focus power cell for years.
Using the BMW to develop a powered lithium battery to grow rapidly and obtain a wide range of domestic and international customers, the Ningbome Hill Bonded Port Area is recognized as selling 6.8/11.84/21.31gwh in 16/17/18, with a consistent share in the domestic market.
Toyota, Inc., has been in the top position for many years, with high-value supply agreements with Daimler, the general public, BMW, Volvo, Toyota, etc. The future, with global electricity, will fully benefit from the industrial dividend.
At the same time as technology leads with a high priority for safety, world-class enterprises are emerging: lithium is deep, thick, research and development is consistently high, with more than 4,200 R & D workers, close to 3,000 patents, leading three-dollar battery research and development, with the highest energy density ever recorded in the country.
It's already produced, and the sic system is going well, up to the top of the world's giants. Great importance is attached to the market value of the circulation shares (millions of dollars).
Short-circuit simulation companies are not too strong, world-class power cell taps are being formed. The relative depth of the shares is 300 indexes, supply chain control is excellent, and procurement costs are significantly reduced: vmi supply chain management model is being used
In the case of production requirements, suppliers are required to deliver goods to their warehouses for certification upon acceptance and certification, which significantly reduces the company's stock pressure; middle-motivated material, negative poles, diaphragms, electrolytic fluids all establish a tender procurement system and foster a centralized, low-cost bulk supply for specific suppliers.
Actively expanding production to meet the global power wave: China began testing double points in 2019, and the Commission also called for the elimination of new energy vehicle restrictions and the promotion of a 80 per cent penetration rate of service vehicles in the regions with priority on air pollution prevention by 2020, which will result in the release of hundreds of thousands of grade increases in the short term.
In the long run, the global wave of electricization has started, with a projected complex growth over the next 10 years Data cut-off date: 11 June 2019
There is a globalization of power connections, and the volume of traffic in Song Gangpo constitutes a shock; the risk of falling battery prices; and the risk of fluctuations in raw material prices.
1. The multi-year build-up, achievement-driven lithium battery giants 1.1 has a history of being associated with atl. The Ningde era was founded in 2011, when the core team came from atl, which is the flagship in the 30 lithium battery industry.
From 2014, the company began a global layout. In 2015, the share system was reformed, with the Swiss investment/Yung Shih/Ningbo United/Li Ping holding 50/25/15/10% of the shares, respectively, and the acquisition of Guangdong Bump was completed in 2015 through the subsidiaries Ningde and Sein holding 66.72% of the Bump. On 11 June 2018, the company officially landed on the start-up panel.
The domestic market has been the first in a row for many years. 1.2 The equity structure is relatively centralized, with a strong technical background for the realist group, which indirectly accounts for 26.31 per cent of the shares by holding 100 per cent of the SRI shares, 5.1 per cent of the shares by Li Ping, and the Tsang and Li Ping are the same.
Actors, who together constitute the actual control of the company, hold 31.42% of the total shares. Other shareholders with a share ratio of more than 5% include Huang Shih Shih (11.89%) and Ningbo Soo (7.57%). More than 5% of shareholders are described as follows:
Li Ping: Current Vice-President of the Company, born 1968, University of Muttan, and Central European Institute of International Business and Industry, Emba. Former Executive Director of the Shanghai Gesellschaftspréfet, Executive Director of Shanghai Kodak, etc. Huang Shih-jung: current Vice-President, Deputy General Manager of the Company, born 1967; Bachelor of Arts, University of Fertilizer Industries.
New Energy Research and Development Director/Vice-President, atl Director of Research and Development, Praid Director, and so on. Ningbo Soft: General Partner for Zhejiangjiang Joint Innovative Investment Management Partnership.
1.3 Power cells, lithium-electric materials and storage systems are the three leading companies in the company. The company is the leading global provider of power cell systems, focusing on the development, production and marketing of new energy motor battery systems, storage systems, and is committed to providing first-rate solutions for new global energy applications.
The core technical advantages and sustainable research and development capabilities in key areas of the industrial chain, such as battery systems, battery recycling, have resulted in a comprehensive and well-developed system of production services, and the main battalion operations consist of three components: power cell systems, storage systems and lithium battery materials (triple-front drive).
Medium-power battery systems include cores, modules and battery packages, with products dominated by square batteries, and applications include special vehicles such as electric vehicles, electric passenger vehicles and electric animal currents. Electric passenger vehicles are predominantly three-dollar material power cells, electric passenger vehicles are predominantly phosphate lithium power cells, and electric cars are phosphate-based and phosphate lithium batteries.
In 16/17/18, the company ' s power cell system earned $139.76/166.57/4.15 billion, representing the main revenue for the year.
Power storage systems can be used in the three main areas of power generation, transmission and distribution, and electricity use. Among these, power generation is mainly used to smooth wind and photovoltaic output, overcome irregular output characteristics of wind or photovoltaic power generation, and increase the capacity of wind-powered photovoltaic systems.
Source utilization; in the area of transmission and distribution, high-rise power discharge with low-voltage cereals to address low-utilization and low-peak capacity of low-ravage equipment, and in the event of a localized malfunction of the grid, use of storage systems to sustain power supply to ensure normal transmission: use of electricity is primarily used for industrial and commercial storage, and energy savings are achieved through time-time tariffs at the peak valley.
The storage energy system is mainly based on the technical route of lithium phosphate batteries.
East Bump is conducting a lithium ion battery material operation to allow the recycling of nickel, cobalt, manganese and other valuable metals in used lithium ion batteries, such as nickel, cobalt, manganese, through the process of processing, refining, synthesizing, etc., to produce lithium ion battery materials, pre-triple drive (cobalt, cobalt, manganese oxide), which will allow the nickel, cobalt, manganese, lithium resource to be used in the battery industry.
The raw material of the material is also one of the key materials in the new energy motor battery. Guangdong Bangpo is now the country’s leading supplier of the three-dollar pre-Lithium battery material drive.
In 2016, company power cells were sold at 6.8gwh, the third largest in the world and second in China; in 2017, company power batteries were sold at 11.84gwh, the number one in the world. Companies gained the world’s number one position in terms of delivery, thanks to years of company technology in lithium power cells.
At the market level, cooperation with domestic and international branding companies, including the Woo-tung Group, the Upper Steam Group, the North Steam Group, the Gilly Group, the Fo-Board Group, the Middle Car Group, the East Wind Group and the Chang-An Group, has been maintained in long-term strategic cooperation with front-loading firms in the industry; in the case of international brand clients, companies have entered BMW, the BMW Group, the GLA Group, the GLA and the GLA Group.
The public, Volvo, Toyota, etc., are among the few suppliers of power cell solutions to international automobile brands. At the same time, companies are working with emerging whole-car companies, including Internet companies, smart cars, etc., to actively deploy smart cars.
1.5ipo Mobilizing more research and development and capacity-building, continuing to expand the advantages of a 1p0 net sourcing €5.35 billion for power cell extension and power and storage battery development, and 1 p0 in the Ninder era issuing new shares of approximately 217 million, or 10 per cent of total equity after issuance, at a price of $25.14, and after issuance of the company shares
Investment projects to raise funds: First, the Lithium ion cell production base project: the construction project produces products such as power cell cores, modules and battery bags, with a proposed investment of $9.86 billion and a construction area of 385 acres, located in the Ninder East Community Economic Development Area.
The project is expected to generate an average annual operating income of $20.58 billion after delivery, with an average annual net profit of $14.2.II. The power and storage cell research and development project: the project plans to invest $4.20 billion in new energy sources.
(a) With vehicle power cells, new energy commercial power cells, storage cells, next-generation batteries (full solid state/lithium metal air/helium fuel cells), specific development and development of new materials such as high nickel trio-materials, silicon carbon negative polar materials, flame retardant additives, battery management systems, intelligent manufacturing processes, light battery quantification techniques, optimization of production processes, etc.
Battery recycling development, battery structure development, next-generation battery critical materials development, etc. The project is located at the Ninder East Community Economic Development Corporation ' s own engineering centre.2 The domestic and foreign power cell demand continues to erupt, with the leader enjoying market dividends
2.1 The trend towards strong demand for unmodified batteries on the backside of subsidies has led to a global consensus on fuel-free schedules. In recent years, many Western countries have expressed themselves and set the time frame for a major study of technological developments in new-energy vehicles in the coming years, with a view to eliminating combustion.
The sale of traditional cars in the country was banned in the year, the German Bundestag, which is a major producer of cars, passed a ban on traditional fuel cars, India’s 2030 plan to ban fuel cars, and California, United States of America, in 2030, may ban sales of traditional fuel cars, etc., while the United States, Japan, and the two major automobile countries have not made a clear and planned commitment.
While most countries’ anti-sales programs are only at the proposal stage and do not have real legal force, there is no denying that a global trend toward car electricization has been established. Moreover, the Chinese government’s fuel-car exit schedule is being studied to promote new energy vehicles in the long term.
Figure 10: No fuel cars in the world, no time, double-centre system at the bottom, guaranteed future production of new energy vehicles. Average downside of new energy cars in 2019
In 2019, the test was officially launched and the annual production or import of more than 30,000 conventional energy vehicles was set for new energy vehicles, i.e., a build-up allocation system, of which 10 per cent for 2019 and 12 per cent for 2020, and companies that did not meet that requirement were fined or even fined.
By assuming 27 million vehicles in 2019, 28.5 million vehicles in 2020, we estimate that 1.05 million new energy vehicles and 1.3 million new vehicles will be required in 2019 and 2020, respectively, to meet the credits requirements. Formerly, it was policy-driven, and in the future it was policy- and market-driven.
The following vehicle subsidies were discontinued, and the breakdown of the new energy car market changed significantly. The a00 class electric vehicle occupied half of the river in 2017, and the a00 class electric vehicle was the main player in China’s market in January-May 2018.
Subsidy, accompanied by a corresponding decline in subsidies for pure electric vehicles up to 300 km, explains the drop in the share of electric vehicles at a level a00 from 47.3 per cent in May to 22.4 per cent in June, and after a sharp fall in subsidies in 2019, the Government stabilized the consumption of new energy vehicles, demanding that local governments eliminate restrictions on the purchase of new energy vehicles while promoting the societies in the regions where atmospheric pollution is a priority.
A service vehicle penetration rate of 80 per cent by 2020 will release hundreds of thousands of grade-level increments in the short term. 2.2 Traditional car companies issue new energy-making plans, and new cars will build into the new energy-car industry. On 12 December, the net profit for cars in 2016/2017-756/-10 billion, respectively.
The amount of $1.52 billion was raised to inspire the emerging car-making industry. In addition, two of the top three new cars, Uji and Vima, used batteries from the Ningde era, not only in favour of traditional car companies, but also in the interest of new car companies, which are more likely to produce a single car and provide a catalyst for the company’s future performance.
On July 25, 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued a circular on a three-year plan of action to combat pollution in the industrial and communications industries, reiterating the 2020 target of about 2 million new energy vehicles.
In sectors such as transport, the promotion of new and updated public transport, sanitation, postal, rental, commuter, light logistics vehicles in urban built-up areas has been accelerated, reaching 80% in priority areas. Governments have been encouraging the development of new energy vehicles.
New-energy cars have grown dramatically, leading to a huge increase in the demand for power batteries. Under the umbrella of the policy, the entire factory has been running new models, and the support facilities, such as power-filling poles, have become more sophisticated, and the production of new-energy cars has grown dramatically, driving the demand for power batteries.
Significant growth. According to monthly consumption data from previous years, there has been a gradual upward trend. At the same time, the build-up of new energy sources, vehicle upgrades, a gradual increase in single-car power, and a faster increase in the demand for power cells. According to high-tech lithium, 16 years of battery output of 30.8gwh, 17 years of 44.47gwh, 18 years of cargo of 65.03gwh, year by year.
The Ningde era: technology leads + cost controls, locks in domestic and external customers, while maintaining high-intensity R & D inputs. Companies have thousands of patents, both inside and outside the country, and, as of 31 December 2017, companies and their subsidiaries have their own patents (including
In total, 2,866 patents were applied for (including in the application) and licensed (including in the application), covering the fields of materials, core design, batteries, battery bags, storage systems. Of these, 907 domestic patents had been granted, 17 offshore patents, and a total of 1,440 domestic and foreign patents were being requested; companies had been licensed to use a total of 502 patented technologies (included in the application).
Companies have a large share of proprietary technology, have a high contribution to income, and have maintained relatively high levels of technological input from major companies that produce the technology needed for their operations. Since its inception, companies have been involved in several research projects at the national, ministerial and provincial levels.
The main projects in the areas of clustering, electrical and electronics, battery packages, storage systems, mobile power sources are as follows:
Figure 19: R & D technicians as a percentage of total staff Figure 20: R & D technicians
In the short, medium, and long term, the Division’s research and development lines are clear, with high levels of nickelization and silicon negatives being the main technological routes in the last two years, and in the medium and long term, the firm’s presentation of solid and lithium air cells, with sharp layers, provides a guarantee for the long-term sustainability of technology.
There is a firm’s definite lead in this area, and the increase in battery energy density is based on physical and chemical methods, including the improvement of physical methods.
Pressure density, reduction of battery bags, etc., such as the self-developed 6-metre copper tarpaulin process, leading the Lithium Power 3-meg, Samsung, Pine-low-like 8-m copper tarpaulin process, which has been effective in increasing energy density. Chemical methods include high nickel, silicone, high voltage, etc., which increases the energy density of batteries as the nickel content increases.
But the heat stability and capacity retention rates vary, testing the company’s R & D manufacturing system, which is expected to be installed in 2019 because of years of accumulation and persistently high R & D input intensity, ncm 811 is already in production. High energy density is also a trend in battery development, driven by policy drive and high cobalt prices are maintained.
The process of increasing energy density from nickel-hydro-manganese-lithium-phosphate-thithium-phosphate batteries is a gradual process. Policy subsidies guide the development of power cells towards high energy density, high charge multipliers, and companies increase their research and development inputs.
Energy density is only one indicator of the power cells, and there are other indicators such as power density, safety, cost, frequency of loops, soc scope of work. Companies attach great importance to the safety of power cells, which they consider internationally.
In the short-circuit simulation experiment where too hard and non-rigid 8-mm steel needles pierced three electron cores, the public administration is not too keen. The highest number of car packages, with the potential for a potentially explosive car, is likely to support future performance growth.
Catl's power cell is very popular with the entire garage, as can be seen from the number of extended catalogues of new power cars in the Ministry of Technology and Communications, where Catl has the largest number of cars in each batch and far ahead of other battery plants, the high probability of potential bursting vehicles, and the fact that battery loads are based mainly on the booster model, an advantage for the future.
3.2 Technology leads the way in attracting high-end customers, speeds up building their own systems, binds more customers from 1 to n, strengthens their own systems with the power of the BMW, and opens up the circle of friends. In 2011, BMW was looking for power in China.
Battery partners, after visiting a large number of battery manufacturers in China, eventually opted to work with the Ninder era to produce 1e. Since then, Catl has successfully entered the German auto manufacturing industry system, and it is relatively easy to enter other systems after baptizing the German car manufacturing system.
Since then, companies’ new subscriptions have been growing year by year, with more and more car companies accompanying them. Moreover, traditional drivers’ domestic power cells have grown steadily after a short period of time.
The Department obtains domestic and foreign orders through active market development, entering into cooperation agreements with mainstream car companies. In particular, joint ventures have been set up on a co-financing basis, for example, on 19 June 2017, when the Ningde era and the upper-gas group were formed, with a registered capital of $2 billion, mainly in the development and production of lithium ion batteries, lithium polymer batteries, etc.
The project plans to build a total power cell capacity of 36gwh (36 billion Wh) with a total land area of more than 2,000 acres. Similar to the upper and Ninder era cooperation, 19 July 2018, the Ningde era and the Guang Blast.
In the founding era, 51 per cent of the 510 million yuan shares were financed by the Ningde era, 49 per cent of the 490 million shares were financed by the Broad Gas Group, operating in the areas of lithium ion batteries, power cells, the development, production, sale and related post-sale and technical advisory services.
Although there is a wide distribution of auxiliaries, there is a wide disparity in the number of engines installed between the different plants. Specifically, in the case of vehicles, the three vehicles in the North are 81.2 per cent of the load, while in the case of buses, the three vehicles in the North are 65.8 per cent of the load.
The “zero inventory” vmi supply chain management model enhances cost control. Direct materials account for a higher share of the company's main operating costs, which is also characteristic of the battery industry, which is 15/16/17 years old.
Direct material procurement management is therefore an important cost-control measure. The Ninder era adopted a supply chain management model of strategic cooperation and “zero inventory” vmi, whereby suppliers are required to deliver goods to their warehouses for receipt and inspection, based on product production scheduling plans, and to set orders after demand has been identified.
In addition, the power of the Ningde era is higher than the average market price of batteries, which we consider to be high-quality. Companies have put in place information systems to track the supply and demand of important raw materials markets and price changes in a timely manner, effectively controlling costs through such measures as advance procurement.
Direct materials are mainly positive, negative, electrolyte, diaphragm, etc., and the company has excellent supply chain management capacity, using decentralized procurement among material suppliers to achieve cost reductions effectively, such as up to nine major suppliers, of which three are required; two are phosphate lithium. The diaphragms are mainly five, two are foreign and three are national.
Inner: 4 of the main negative material: 4 of the main electrolysis fluids. Figure 29: Vendors in the upper chain of the Catl industry are very large in terms of procurement, with the company ' s positive material procurement amounting to 3,382 million yuan in 2017, representing total upstream material procurement
57% of the amount, so the price of the material is controlled by the positive material, which is the main focus of the battery manufacturer’s cost control, with the three-tier material purchased at $2,049 million and the phosphate lithium purchased at $1.35 billion. The three-dollar material is mainly new to Zhenhua, and the current year’s purchase amounts to $696 million, or 34.0% of the three-dollar material.
Not only is it a direct procurement of the triad positive pole, but the company has the technological advantage to produce the triad positive by purchasing the pre-triple drive material. For example, the $730 million pre-drillage material from Green States in 2017 could be supplied with a trinity of $1.330 billion in proportion to 55% of the triad positive material cost.
Lithium phosphate is mainly supplied by the Defonami and the North Front Line, of which in 2015 and 2016 it was purchased at $160 million and 350 million, respectively. On the one hand, the Catl Locking Materials Enterprise, a self-constructor, recycles raw materials and closes them up.
The company can ensure the continuity of the supply of cobalt resources by locking in gavage, while the company works with the Greenme, Chinese Friends Cobalt, Bump, Long-Term Lithium Section at various links in the industrial chain, pre-production drivers, and positive materials. In addition, the company acquired and replenished Guangdong Bump in 2013 and 2015 and currently holds a total of 34% of Guangdong Bump.
On the one hand, the company, through Guangdong Bump, conducts the lithium ion battery material industry, procures used batteries, waste materials, etc. from new energy technologies, and recovers the nickel, cobalt and manganese lithium in it for the production of lithium at a rate of 304 per cent, representing 12.35 per cent of the company’s total revenues, of which 15,000 tons are sold before $3, with a market rate of over 150 per cent.
The company ' s suppliers of negative material are mainly Dong Keakin, Bettray, Sugigi and Jiang Xi Yihua. The largest suppliers are Dong Kee King, whose sales accounted for 45.32 per cent, 42.58 per cent and 39.61 per cent of all negative sales to all negative vendors in Catl in 2015, 2016 and the first three quarters of 2017, respectively, in 2014
In order to enter the Nender-era supplier system, the initial price of artificial graphite from the Ningde era in 2015 was lower and the Māori rate was lower than the industry average. In late 2017, in addition to using negotiated pricing, the company also identified suppliers and purchasing prices for some of the model products through tendering.
A mature or potential supplier with stable graphite production and manufacturing technology with a healthy financial situation, such as a certain level of capacity or expansion plans, ensures low procurement prices and good quality. For battery manufacturers, support is given to two or three high-quality suppliers, forming long-term stable partnerships and obtaining negative poles at lower prices.
The company's diaphragm material suppliers are mainly the domestic star-source material, the Long Garden Group, the stock of the fir and the Korean sk Group, the Japanese Tori Group (Toray). The diaphragm determines the interface structure of the battery, the internal blockage, and so forth, directly affects the battery's face.
Quantities, loops, safety, etc., especially anti-piercing, self-censorship, high-temperature properties. In a context where positive, negative, and electrolytic fluids have been largely nationalized, the membranes lag relatively behind due to high financial and technical barriers.
The dollar/m2, and another more important reason, is the replacement of national production, with companies starting in 2015 in collaboration with the South Korean group of sk, and in 2016 with the Japanese group of Toyoshi. As domestic manufacturers have improved their technical level and quality, companies have increased their purchasing capacity.
The suppliers of the company's electrolyte are gifted materials, the New Zeus state, the nation's Tae Yonghua, the stockholdings in the fir and so on. The largest suppliers are gifted materials, which, because of centralized purchases, are very low prices and basically raw material costs. At the same time, the company owns the secret recipes for electrolyte, and uses commissioning to cultivate the gifted material as the main supplier, guaranteeing quality and pre-supply.
The cost has been significantly reduced, with 4 indicators leading the industry, further increases in the future municipal coverage guaranteed by the expansion, a significant increase in the 4.1-centre rate and pressure on the Māori rate.
In recent years, new energy cars have developed, and demand for power cells has increased dramatically, and companies, as the absolute leader of the domestic power and battery industry, have fully benefited from the benefits of the industry’s strong growth. In particular, the recent three-year harvest of new energy equity in Rima Pride has led to a significant increase in non-operational profits in 17 years, with net profits withheld in 2018.
31.28 million yuan, an increase of 31.68 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the rapid expansion of power cell capacity in the country, increased competition leading to structural excess capacity, new energy vehicles Subsidization of back-up mainframe plants to transfer battery plant prices, and a sharp decline in battery unit prices; company 2015/2017/2018
Figure 31: The company’s annual net profit and growth rate (in billions of yuan) has focused on the main business over the years, with the main business being concentrated. The company’s main business is powered by batteries, storage systems, and faster expansion, with declining levels of liability after listing.
Corporate liquidity and speed ratios have generally remained relatively high, with a relatively high level of short-term solvency. At the end of 2015, company movement and speed ratios were relatively lower than in other years, mainly because at the end of the year, companies had significant long-term liabilities that would expire within one year.
This is due to the higher growth in inventory commodities and development costs at the end of the year, a decrease in the number of days of inventory turnover in 2018 and a significant acceleration in the rate of inventory movement, which indicates good corporate sales; the increase in the number of days of corporate receivables from 2015 to 2017, which is due mainly to the fall in subsidies in the new energy automobile industry.
The strong bargaining power of the company’s industrial chain suggests that the firm is stronger upstream and downstream, and that the same is true of what is known in the production research process. Cash flows from corporate operations continue to grow at a pace commensurate with the growth of operating income and profits, and the level of profitability is healthy.
In 2018, it reached 11,316 million, with the remaining roe remaining at 9.5 per cent - 9.6 per cent. 4.2 Market occupancy rates remain high, production capacity continues to expand.
Power. With the development of new energy vehicles, the market share of companies has risen, and in 2016 the market rate was longer to certify battery producers, and access to the entire supply chain has not only allowed long-term close cooperation with the main plant: as the volume of goods has increased, it has also contributed to advances in company battery technology.
The company’s increased market share has boosted the company’s capacity to expand, and the size advantage has contributed to lower production costs. Within the Board’s 2018 production base, which is located in Germany abroad, it also caters to the needs of overseas automobiles.
With electricity, in 19/20/21/22, about 110/200/240/3 million units can be installed. We believe that this is in line with the pace of the development of new energy vehicles.1 Power cell systems: companies are more competitive than their domestic competitors, and there is still room for improvement in the rate of urban occupancy.
Assuming the domestic market share of the 2019-2021 Ningde period is 42/43/44%, while the sales of power cell systems in the 19-2021 Ningde era were 32.80/48.82/69.48gwh. Double points and market driven, the price reduction trend for power batteries remains unchanged, assuming the non-taxed price of the 2019-2021 company power cell is 1.03/0.92, respectively.
3. Storage energy systems: The lithium storage energy industry has a huge space and, as battery prices fall, the business is expected to increase rapidly by 5, 3 costs: the company ' s operating costs and management costs have declined reasonably as the income scale increases.
1. The downside impact of new energy vehicle subsidies on sales; 2. The impact of reduced fuel vehicle prices on the sale of electric vehicles; 3. The risk of falling battery prices; 4. The risk of price fluctuations in raw materials