On 25 March 2020, the performance of the business panels was strong and determined to contribute to long-term development.
The drug Myung-kwang reported a billion dollar annual increase of 33.89 per cent, a net profit of $1,854 million to the mother, a 17.96 per cent decline in the same year, a rapid growth in each of the four major plates, and a consolidation of the industry's leadership.
Each of the company’s four major business plates has shown strong performance: (1) China District Laboratories: $6,473 million in revenues, clients, more than 3900 businesses with active clients, and capacity for platforming services has been further strengthened.
The impact of the epidemic on the company is mainly on the Wuhan research and development centre and clinical trials. The company has quickly launched a business continuity plan to mitigate the impact of the epidemic on client project delivery times and to reduce the impact of the epidemic on the company’s income to two to three weeks of operating time. The company’s research and development production base in China is already in operation.
Full-scale resumption of work, with an overall rate of over 96 per cent.a+h fixed growth code cdmo capacity expansion, laying the foundation for long-term business growth.
The company plans to increase its share in a share and h, of which a share is raised to a total of not more than $6,528 million, mainly for the construction of cdmo/cmo capacity. The country’s cdmo/cmo industry has a high climate and is expected to grow in gold as the sea’s external capacity moves to the country.
The expansion of the production capacity of the leading business, which is expected to result from this increase, will further contribute to its rapid development.
Risks from global epidemics; increased risk from market competition; under-capacity-building; risk of policy change in the pharmaceutical industry; risk of loss of core skilled personnel; value of assets measured at fair value; and risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
As a leader in the country, the company Crop+cdmo has continued to expand its business layout and is committed to providing a one-stop shop for new drug companies around the world. The company now has business layouts in China and Europe and is responsible for different business plates; (1) Chinese regional services include small molecular drug discovery, drug discovery services, and Chinese regional cells.
Cdmo services, and small molecules, multipolymeric acids, cdmo/cmo; (2) United States areas, including cellular and gene therapy cdmo services, medical device detection services; and (3) global clinical services. In 2019, the company, through 29 operating bases and branches around the globe, reached more than 30 people from around the world.
More than 3900 clients in the country provide services (active clients).
Corporate income and net interest rates are growing at a high rate. In 2019, the company achieved business income of 12,872 million yuan, an increase of 33.89 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of 1,855 million yuan, a decrease of 17.96 per cent in the same year, and a net gain of 1,914 million yuan, an increase of 22.82 per cent in the same year.
In a better development, the decline in the net return of the parent is mainly due to a change in the fair value of the investment object, and the net profits of the company after deductions are not recurrent gains and losses remain relatively stable. Figure 2: Corporate income performance in recent years (in billions of yuan)
Corporate Māori rates and cost rates are generally stable, and net interest rates are affected by investment returns. Corporate gross labour costs increased in 2019, and the company's clinical operations increased in size, resulting in lower Māori rates.
In 2019, the company added over 1,200 more customers, more than 3900 more active customers, and 91.2% of its income came from its original clients, 32.3% from a yearly contribution of $4.187 billion, an increase of 31.34%, and $8.685 billion from the same account.
Figure 6: Corporate income from various categories of clients, Figure 7: Share of corporate income by region, rapid growth of corporate talent ladders, provision of full-scale growth pathways, high employee retention rates in recent years.
There has been a steady increase in the size of the business and the number of company employees, which in 2019 stood at 21,744, of whom 1,672 were overseas employees, 17,872 were research and development workers, and 6029 were cdmo employees. Cro is a talent-dependent industry with 35% Ph.D. in the company.
The continuous introduction of the equity incentive scheme, the assistant vice president ' s talent development programme and various types of vocational training ensured the company ' s attractiveness to highly qualified talent, with a 94 per cent retention rate for its core staff in 2019.
Under the circumstances, the income-generating capacity of the company ' s employees remained robust, generating a per capita income of $59.2 million in 2019, compared to figure 2018, 10: income generation and profitability of the company ' s employees (in thousands of yuan/persons).
In 2019, the company maintained a faster growth rate in each of its four business sections, and the Maori rate was generally stable. China District Laboratories: revenues of $6,473 million were achieved in 2019, an increase of 26.59 per cent, or 50.37 per cent, and \triangleright
\triangleright has a Māori rate of 39.94%. The decline in Māori is due mainly to the low level of utilization due to the need to wait for approval by the regulatory authority for the commercial production base for preparations in the Ninxin District.
\triangleright \triangleright Māori rate of 24.32%. The decline in Māori rate is mainly due to clinical cro surrogates to cover researcher fees, etc.
Figure 11: Corporate portfolio income (in billions of yuan) Figure 13: Growth rate of corporate portfolio income
2.1 The China Regional Laboratory has one of the largest and most experienced small molecular chemical research and development teams in the world and provides comprehensive drug analysis and testing services to clients. As of 2019, the company had one project in the iii phase of clinical trials.
Test: 6 projects are in clinical trials during the chromium period: 38 projects are in clinical trials during the haemolysis period. In 2019, the company ' s Nantong Research and Development Centre became fully operational, and the toxicology laboratory of the Suzhou Security Assessment Centre was expanded by 80 per cent.
About 90 billion, with the launch of del high flux screening packages, del reagent boxes for global clients. In 2019, the company del platform empowered 110 global clients, including 7 of the world’s top 20 pharmaceutical companies.
\triangleright Platform, which integrates api synthesis, formulation development, drug efficacy, drug substitution, safety evaluation and declaration writing and delivery, provides clients with integrated new drug development and global declaration services and accelerates new clients
Cdmo: 2019, the company's first domestic partner, Co-source Biological Section \triangleright
In August 2019, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Shanghai Jins biology to provide clients with research and development services for a variety of replicable-producing gene therapy vectors, including the soluble cancer virus. In November 2019, the company and the Korean gene therapy organisms.
The company genemedicine entered into a strategic cooperation agreement to provide the services needed to cover the development, production and declaration of fda clinical trials for the key research and development projects of genemedicine.
The project ' s ind declaration process was approved for clinical trials for 23 projects. By the end of 2019, the company had cumulatively completed the ind declaration for 85 projects for domestic clients, and was able to obtain PBE batches for 57 projects.
Protein degradation target to conglomerate protac (proteolisstartingchimera): In 2014, the company began to build a global leading drug discovery and testing platform for protac, enabling many global "Long-end Clients." By 2019, the company protac platform came from biotechnology company clients.
Revenues have reached $474 million, an increase of about 90 per cent over the same period.
2.2cdmo/cmo services Cdmo/cmo services achieved rapid growth, mainly due to: (1) high industry climate and overall high rate of development;
(ii) The competitive edge and branding effects of companies have increased over the years, and clients and service orders have increased; (3) the pre-clinical phase of the project is in the post-clinical and commercial stages: (4) the new drug production and research and development centre project, which is being invested in by Changzhou, is progressing well and its capacity is being ensured;
(5) With the completion of the integration of operations in the formulation development services sector, the company strategy for the provision of cmc full-chain integration services has been very effective and the revenues from the formulation development business have been growing rapidly; the company ' s multi-pharmaceutical technology platform has been further developed and capacity and capacity-building has been growing.
The new pharmaceutical production base has been certified by the European Drug Administration for the first time since it was launched at the end of 2018. The Shanghai Gmp Analysis Laboratory and the Changzhou api factory “zero defects” were audited on site by the United States fda.
Fluid chemistry: The first commercialization project for the application of hydrochemical technology was launched in 2019.
\triangleright will be in production in the first half of 2020, raising the annual capacity of high-activity raw materials to 100 kg grade.
\triangleright supercritical fluid chromatography equipment, capable of 100 kg-sized drug separation and purity, enzyme catalytic response: 500 litres of enzyme fermentation tanks are now fully operational at the gold mountain raw materials production base.
Cdmo capacity: In 2019, several projects were successfully completed for the production of clinical raw materials for nucleic acid and polythrin. In January 2020, the company became operational in Changzhou.
The maximum amount of single batch synthesis of acid-based medicines will rise to 1 mole. The full-scale pharmaceutical programme will continue to expand the production capacity of polythium-based drugs in 2020.
2.3 U.S. District Laboratories services include mainly overseas Cdmo services for cell and gene therapy products, as well as medical devices, cell and gene therapy: as of the end of 2019, the number of corporate clinical phase projects was 31, including 23
In January 2020, the company expanded its gland-related operations in Philadelphia, United States. As opposed to traditional wall-painting, suspended cultivation will further enhance cell and gene therapy products.
Research and development and production efficiency. Medical equipment detection services: companies actively promoting new customers by integrating and strengthening their marketing and operating teams
And the EU Medical Devices Code has significantly increased the opportunities for standards and testing requirements for medical equipment certification, and by extension, 2.4 Clinical research and other coro and smo services are currently under development, and the number of clients and orders are growing rapidly.
The number of clients of clinical research rose by 32.57 per cent in 2019, excluding the M & As factor, while the remaining hospitals provided clinical centre management services, and the number of Smo operations covering cities and hospitals increased by 19.5 per cent and 17.6 per cent, respectively, compared to the end of 2018, maintaining industry leadership;
cds (clinical trial service): has over 860 professional clinical trial service teams worldwide. \triangleright Statistics: A company acquired the American Clinical Research Data Statistical Analysis Service in May 2019
The company’s acquisition of subsidiaries and additional investments in 2019, equity investments in joint ventures and investments in financial assets measured at public offer value amounted to $3.298 billion, an increase of 277.88 per cent.
In May 2019, a subsidiary, wuxiclinicaldevelopment, inc., acquired philmapace, inc. \triangleright, December 2019, a subsidiary, Su State Pharmacy and New Pharmacy Development Ltd., acquired Concor Biotech, Su State
\triangleright September 2019, fully funded subsidiary wuxiapptec (hongkong) Limited invested vwclinical innovationtechnologymited, using an integrated clinical research platform, from China
Patients were recruited for the management of data and for the management of clinical experiments, and in 2019 the company invested $2.122 billion in new drug development, medical devices, medical health and medical examination services, and medical automation platform enterprises to account for financial assets in fair value terms - other non-mobile financial assets.
The portfolio covered more than 80 companies and funds and covered six broad areas, with a combined investment group of 27.4 per cent at the end of 2019.
(In the event that the capitalization reserve is completed before recommendation h is completed, 95,487.5 million new h units are issued.)a The undisclosed distribution of the unit includes the following six items, the main of which are raised for cdmo/cmo capacity-building, which is expected to provide long-term development support for company-related operations:
(1) It is proposed that a new pharmaceutical development service and production base be built in the New Wu District of Tin City, which, upon completion of the project, will enable the company to provide the customer with pre-prescription development, prescription development and clinical pharmaceutical production services, and will result in the commercial production of 500 million tablets, 1 billion capsules and 15 million bottles of needles per year.
(2) It is proposed to build a global research and development centre and accompanying projects on the south side of the existing plant complex in the Golden Hill subsector of Shanghai. After completion of the project, the company will be able to gather more than 700 researchers and support staff from the Shanghai Golden Mountain base to provide a range of process research and development services, including synthetic routes, for the production of innovative raw materials for global clients.
Process development services such as design and optimization, high-activity drug production process research, fluid chemistry, bio-enzyme catalytication, process parameter validation, process safety assessment, etc. (3) Development and development centres, administrative buildings, production workshops, analysis centres, etc.
Auxiliary facilities. The project will provide clients with flexible and adaptable drug production lines for innovative materials. It will also take on a number of commercial production projects to expand the commercialized spray drying capacity of companies and meet some of the capacity requirements of the clinical phase project, which is scheduled to start in 2021.
(4) Permanent State-wide integrated drug production and research and development bases, including research and development centres and several non-contributed drug production workshops. The project ' s planned construction workshops are expected to start in 2022. (5) Shanghai-wide drugs: research into analytical methods, pre-prescription, enzyme evolution and enzyme fermentation, etc.
The platform ' s research and development equipment has been upgraded. (6) Shanghai medicine, Min Conde: research and development equipment for platforms such as small molecular medicine development, analysis and synthesis of compounds 4. The impact of the epidemic can be controlled and developed over the long term.
At the beginning of 2020, due to the impact of the covid-19 epidemic, the company’s operations were affected by a short-term impact, mainly on the Wuhan research and development centre and clinical trials. Overall, the covid-19 epidemic lost approximately a month of business in the Chinese district.
The company, with its client's consent, transferred some of the emergency projects of the Wuhan R & D Centre to its R & D centres in Shanghai, Tianjin and Nantung, and reduced the impact of the epidemic on the company's income to two to three weeks of operation. At present, the company's R & D production base in China has been fully reactivated and the whole operation has resumed.
(b) \triangleright capacity is not built to meet the expected risks;
\triangleright risk of policy change in the pharmaceutical industry;\triangleright
(b) >The value of assets as measured by fair value and the risk of exchange rate fluctuations. > The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Industry Association for consulting on securities investment, has presented the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.