Performance forecast for 2023: high dividends for the whole car, by keyword: # high dividends # performance over expectations  Corporate announcement: company issued performance forecast for 2023. Company expects to return net profit for the year 2023
The company issued a notice on the preparation for the impairment of its assets, which is expected to be $453 million for the long-term equity investment of the nine participating companies, and the impairment of the assets will be recorded as recurrent gains and losses for the company throughout the year, in accordance with the accounting standards.
Upgraded domestic sales structure, demand for public transport recovered at the end of the year, the expected share of corporate public transport sales increased somewhat compared to q3, and the super-incorporated company has been pursuing a strategy of screening high-mori purchase orders, moving domestic orders up the profit center; and 2) optimized export sales structure, with companies maintaining a high rate of export growth
The share of new energy exports has increased, and the competitiveness of new energy buses abroad is clearly stronger, with a significant increase in corporate performance; 3) the price reduction of lithium carbonate and optimal internal controls have increased the profits of q4.
Resonance, November’s sales ring ratio has increased significantly!” (one, 20.9%, year-on-year, 10165, +78.9%, year-on-year, 26363, year-on-year, 7.5%, export sales are higher than expected, and domestic sales are slightly lower than we expected, mainly because: 1)
Woo-tung Bus (600066): October sale, passenger car exit through the construction phase, step-by-step sale, direct access as industry leader, slightly pressured, long-term trend positive!
With an industrial dividend, export markets are expected to account for 30% throughout the year; 2) domestic buses are under-received by local finance, but seatbuses benefit from a rebound in tourism demand that is over-expected, with a certain degree of weakness in the volume of bus sales. Looking ahead, we expect corporate growth trends in 2024.
Continuing, the core domestic growth point is the exchange of bus-to-car demand in the wake of local fiscal improvements, with exports expected to continue the trend towards total growth and structural optimization of the new energy share ratio  profitability projections and investment ratings: due to the over-expected performance of the company, we have moved the company up.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.