2022H1 profit, q2 cost marginal improvement Agro-pastoral fishing / agro-processing cost 4.31 per cent, 27 per cent less than the same year, company as kitchen food leader, brand and canal
The price of raw materials has increased, and the pressure on the cost of 22q2 has begun to subside. Revenue from the two main sectors of food, feed materials, and fat technology has expanded steadily, by 15.41%, respectively, compared to the previous year.
Increase, with 2022h1 company soybeans and processors, rice and processors, wheat and processors, oilseeds and processing company kitchen food sales rising significantly by 4.45 per cent, subject to weak consumption and other factors, product price increases, return on changes ranging from 47.36 per cent to $4.295 billion, mainly in large commodities such as soybean and palm oil.
The company has the capacity to extend and diversify its industrial chain, and has successfully replicated its experience of cooking oil to small-packaged vegetable oil, flour, flour, flour, etc.
In the area of packaging rice, the market share of modern channels has been ranked first in all three categories in the last three years, while the Golden Dragonfish (300999.sz) 2021 net profit phase pressure, and diversified companies such as chefs, are also expanding on new areas such as spices, yeasts, solar products, vegetable meat and the central kitchen.
The Golden Dragonfish - 300999-2021 tri-quarter reviews: net profit short-term pressure, plus center, consider that the company, through the extension of the industrial chain, is expected to better integrate existing and create synergies, and take note of its Golden Dragonfish - 30092021 semi-annual reviews: steady growth in the middle harvest, kitchen
Long-term developments in the field of new products. In addition, the integrated business group model has helped companies to increase their raw materials.
Investment proposals: kitchen food poles, diversified development is expected, and buy-in is maintained. Companies are good quality growth indicators for management, and the advantages of "big brands + multiple channels + low costs" are evident.
In 22-24, pss is expected to maintain a steady increase in income in the first half of 2022, and second-quarter earnings are expected to be positive compared to the recovery. In the first half of 2022, the company realized a net return to the mother of $1,596 million (19.91 per cent). The core reason for the change in profits in 2022h1 is: 1)
Prices of raw materials such as edible oil, wheat and soybeans, rice and process products, wheat and process products, oilseeds and process products, palm and lunar cinnamon oils increased by +18.05 per cent, -4.56 per cent, +18.22 per cent, +5.57 per cent, +52.68 per cent, respectively, as a result of recurring epidemics, retail production required for household consumption
The demand for goods increased and the company ' s kitchen food sales increased by 4.45 per cent, influenced by, among other things, weak consumption, with a change return of between 47.36 per cent and $4.295 billion, mainly due to the fact that commodity prices, such as soybean and palm oil, have improved from high prices to new businesses, such as spices, gourds, etc. The company ' s kitchen foods, feed raw materials, and fat technology.
Large-scale income has steadily expanded by 15.41% and 16.46%, respectively. Companies have extended and diversified their industrial chains, and have successfully replicated the experience of cooking oil in small packagings, such as vegetable oil, flour and rice, where the market share of modern channels has been ranked first in all three groups of products in the last three years, while the company is also in the same position.
Expanding new areas such as spices, yeasts, solar goods, plant meat, and central kitchens. We believe that the extension of the company's industrial chain is expected to better integrate and create synergies between existing and new product areas.
Combining within a production base, thereby reducing overall logistics and inventory costs while sharing infrastructure, optimizing the cost of energy supply, logistics security, management teams, etc., and highlighting the advantages of corporate cost control. Operating net cash flows have declined in tandem, and the number of days of receivables and inventory turnover has remained stable.
Cash received for sales in the first half of 2022 was $12,651.6 million (+8.78 per cent), which remained at steady growth, while net operating cash flows of $2,942 million (+15.1.17 per cent) were mainly due from the expansion of corporate operations and the increase in the price of raw materials.
Figure 9: Operating cash flows of Golden Dragonfish Figure 10: Main liquid liquidity liquidity of Golden Dragonfish Investment Recommendations: Companies as high-quality growth indicators for management, excellence of “strong brands + multiple channels + low-cost”
It is clear that the kitchen food poles are firmly in place, and that new and diversified operations such as rice, noodles, spices, central kitchens, etc., have a dollar equivalent of 54/44/39x, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author