Golden Dragonfish (300999): slightly over-expected performance, slightly over-expected performance in the second half of the year and 0 per cent lower cost-investment. Second quarter profit versus higher growth was mainly due to: 1) a higher base over the same period last year.
Low: 2) Large items such as soybean and palm oil, the company ' s main raw materials, which began in mid-June, decreased financial cost mainly due to lower advertising and travel costs, and higher financial cost mainly due to higher net interest expenditure and higher exchange losses.
▪ Double-digit growth in main camp operations, driven mainly by the increase in prices In the first half of 2022, sub-products, kitchen food/feed raw materials and fat technology camps Food/feed raw materials and fat technology sales of 1013.3/10074,000 tons, respectively
The new business is to speed up the construction of the Central Kitchen and Taste items. 1) Central kitchen: the Hangzhou chef came into production in March, and Chongqing/Library/Xian is expected to go into production this year.
In Guangzhou/Tianjin and others, over 20 places have identified the Goo chef project, and in the future there are 100 central kitchens in the country's layout. 2) Taste: Soy sauce with two brands, two strategies, Tasty State Maru, phase two of the oil project, which doubles production capacity, and Guangdong Yangjiang is preparing to build a factory.
Golden Dragonfish (300999): Equity incentive landing, profit improvement
The risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, the risk of industrial policy changes, the contagion of consumption, downstream demand fluctuations, price fluctuations of raw materials, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white and wine industry, etc.
A year of food and beverage sellers' research experience, covering white wine, spices, etc., joined in January 2022.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.