Resource and Environmental Research Centre Financing acceleration, consolidation of leadership, preservation of competition patterns, company release of a non-public share plan for 2020, to raise no more than $2 billion for the year
:: Production of 750,000 tons of photovoltaic building glass phase II projects ($1.4 billion) and replenishment of liquidity (600 million)
The project is planned to invest about 1.75 billion, 1.7 billion and 1.8 billion yuan, respectively. Without taking into account the capacity of the project, after the construction of 750,000 tons x 2 tons of photovoltaic tablet glass, the project will be completed.
Added to the two 1,000 tonnes/Tian-Vietcian production lines planned for the second half of this year, the company’s glazing glass melts day by day.
The company has successfully advanced the expansion projects mentioned above, with the goal of increasing the city’s presence and consolidating the industry’s leadership.
The glass business bank began to decline, starting in mid-May with the start of the domestic demand for 630 looms, and the two-bond component even took the lead in a small price rebound with thin glass.
4. New Production Lines and Price Raises have contributed significantly, with supply and demand in the q3 sector, demand on the demand side expected to remain on a seasonal recovery, with additional supplies generally delayed by more than a quarter during the year due to the epidemic, and the actual release of additional supplies will occur after August, and we judge the current glass.
Prices have largely been identified as the bottom of the year, q4 domestic and external demand resonance or will create the strongest recovery in recent years, and we expect a significant rebound in glass prices as fast as possible from mid-to-late q3.
This year, it is judged that the two-dimensional components will achieve the same price as the single-bond components, triggering an increase in their penetration rate (as detailed in the industry depth report of April 10), and will continue to generate an excessive increase in the demand for photovoltaic glass. Companies, as in-house cost leaders, will only be able to ensure sufficient supply through efficient extension.
The industry’s level of profitability is kept at a reasonable level, thus discouraging second-line firms/new entrants from expanding their production impulses, in order to maintain a good pattern of competition in the light glass sector. The epidemic is expected to worsen: the two-breed penetration is not expected; and competition is expected to expand.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment