The Center for Resources and Environmental Research has significantly increased its profitability and accelerated the expansion of its position as the first leader of the prison, with its annual report in 2019 and its quarterly report in 2020, achieving revenue of $4,807 million in 2019.
By comparison with +56.9 per cent, the net profit was 717 million yuan (+76.1 per cent for the same year); the net profit was 1,203 million yuan (+29.1 per cent for the same year), and the net profit was 215 million yuan (+97.0 per cent for the same year), in line with market expectations.
The average annual tax value is 26.87 yuan per square metre, compared to 4.2 per cent (excluding taxes and +7 per cent) and the amount of photovoltaic glass smelting rose to 5,400 tons by the end of the year. The company ' s Māori ratio of 2020q1 has reached a price of 3.2 mm per literal glass, except for 2020q1 which has been maintained at a high level of 29 yuan per square metre.
The continuous improvement in the productive structure of companies, the increase in the proportion of products with a high Māori rate, the decline in process progress and the pure base price of raw materials have also contributed to the increase in the Māori q1, but the combined credit and asset impairment gains and losses in a single quarter 1.
At $50 million, it eroded some of the increase in profits. Accelerated expansion of production capacity, stifling of leadership: The company’s photovoltaic glass production base in Viet Nam is now in equipment 2. “New production lines and price increases make a significant contribution, q3 industry
The installation of the debugging phase, although somewhat affected by the epidemic, is still expected to be operational during the year, when the company will become the second Chinese utility with overseas capacity and will be able to cover more efficiently South-East Asia, India, and even the European and American markets. In addition, the company has already certified 1.45 billion transhipments.
3. Energy Release for Growth in Performance, Mid-According Prices for the Second Half of the Year, expected to be released in the short term, 2 1,200 tons of production lines are scheduled to be operational in 2021, with the company becoming the first to have 1,200 tons of production.
4. `Efficiencies in q1 growth and debt swaps' are expected to further enhance economies of scale and production efficiency. `The two-faced bipolarization of components is clear, competition patterns are well maintained, and medium-term highs are expected to be sustained as a result of:
The pre-existing domestic epidemic affected logistics and the start of downstream assembly plants, and the photovoltaic glass chain has accumulated a certain stock, metres/squarems, considering that the current end demand has not been significantly warmed and the tap Maori rate is still relatively high, and is expected to be short-term or somewhat price-reduced. But the two core logics of the photovoltaic glass chain (a rise in the two-brebral penetration rate) are the two main logics.
+A good competition pattern) has not changed, and the relative balance between the supply of and demand for glazing glass over the next two years, and the rise in the market share of the head enterprise, which is still a higher-predictability event (for more details, see the industry depth report Searching for Light Volts, released on 10 April).
Industry “Determinability” series II: a single crystal instead of a multi-crystal history and a double-faced bipolar penetration acceleration) Multipe, maintaining a/h share “buy-in” rating.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment