FLET: The long slopes are snowy, there's no snow, there's no snow, there's no snow, there's no snow, there's light glass, there's no light, there's no light, there's no light, there's no water, there's no snow, there's no snow, there's no snow, there's no snow, there's no snow, there's no snow, there's no light, there's no light, there's no light, there's glass, there's no light, there's no light, there's no light, there's no light.
Financial summary: The company collected $4,807 million in 2019, an increase of 56.89 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the mother makes one of the two houses, mainly in the design, development, production and sale of photovoltaic components for sale to China and overseas
717 million yuan, an increase of 76.09 per cent in the same year, and a Māori rate of 31.56 per cent, an increase of 16.37 pcts in the same year; and 2020q1, a photovoltage glass with the exception of a photovoltaic glass, the company ' s main product achieved an operating income of 1,203 million yuan, an increase of 29.1 per cent in the same year and a net profit of 215 million belonging to the parent company.
It also includes floating glass, engineering glass and home glass, as well as the construction of solar photovoltaic power stations and the mining of quartz, with a net interest rate of 17.9 per cent for form q1 and an increase of 6.2 pct and 3.2 pcc for ring.
Photovoltaic glass, a "long slope snow" track. Photovoltaic glass currently has high technical and financial barriers: Key issues for the next three to six months: long production-line construction cycles, high investment volumes and high scale effects, with some technical barriers.
Product technology is difficult and customer certification is sticky. The industry now has a double-hatting status, with two companies occupying about 50% of the industry ' s production capacity by the end of 2019, stable double-hatting patterns, strong market controls, and sustained profitability of leading firms.
We estimate a 49% increase in the contribution per gw binary component as compared to the demand for single-bond components for photovoltaic glass, which is expected to rise from 20% to 60% in 2019-2025. With the orderly expansion of optical glass production, new engineering glass is released.
5,400 tons per day, with a market share of more than 20%, is the second largest in the world. The company Vietnam and Anhui have steadily increased their share of revenue from new production opportunities and Māori, and the 100,000 tons of online low-e plating glass project will further increase the value added of the product and help expand profit growth points beyond photovoltaic glass.
Size effects, cost-control, and not to be afraid of short-term fluctuations. The cost advantage of photovoltaic glass is largely based on the advantage of size, rather than on emerging technology, and the company ' s re-innovation rate of 2020q1 is high, mainly because of the company ' s increased cost, control capacity, and a higher proportion of 2.0 mm products.
With the increase in the number of days, the price of 3.2 mm fell from $29 to $26 per square metre, and we believe that corporate cost controls can be enhanced, product structures optimized, and can effectively counter the negative impact of the fall in hedge prices on the Māori rate.
In 2019, Fretel achieved a revenue of $4,807 million, an increase of 56.89 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by $717 million, an increase of 76.09 per cent in the same year: $688 million, a significant increase of 85.64 per cent in the same year.
1203 million yuan, an increase of 29.13 per cent in the same year and 215 million yuan in the net return to the mother, an increase of 97.01 per cent in the same year.
There are both technical and financial barriers to photovoltaic glass, which are evident in the technical difficulty of the product, the stickyness of the certification, the long-term nature of the initial construction investment, and the impact of the scale. Photovoltaic glass involves a greater number of production links, and each enterprise has to establish the most appropriate process characteristics and quality control according to its own conditions, production lines, process parameters, etc. The technology is very difficult.
In the case of the Fulletipo project, which produces 900,000 tons of photovoltaic building glass per year, the total investment is expected to be 1.33 billion yuan, the production-line construction cycle between a year and a half and three years, the entry of new entrants is difficult, the expansion costs of construction are long, SMEs and new entrants are difficult to withstand the financial pressure, and there are virtually no expansion plans for enterprises other than the industry headlines, Shinyo and Fulright.
With high barriers, the effect of the industry is evident, creating a double oligarchic position between the altruistic and Frett. Of the top five light glass producing firms, the Fret Group has the highest share of domestic and global markets.
Second, there are three new sources of energy and medium-building materials, namely, gold Xin, rainbow energy. The five main light glass producers, measured in light-voltage glass, account for about 80% of the industry’s total capacity, with two companies accounting for about 50% of the industry’s capacity by the end of 1919. And industry concentration continues to increase with the continued expansion of leading firms and the increase in the use of new line capacity, which will reach 60% by the end of 2020, according to current production planning.
By the end of 2020, Fulrate will be able to produce 7290 tons per day, and IR 9800-11800 tons per day. The industry will be stable, with good future momentum, strong market controls, good competition patterns, and sustained profitability of leading firms.
Figure 4: Shining Light and Fratt's extension program
The double-faced bipolar penetration rate accelerates, and the need for photovoltaic glass is guaranteed. The accelerated penetration of the bipolar components increases the demand for photovoltaic glass, according to the source.
We estimate a 49% increase in the contribution of each gw binary component to the demand of single-bond components for photovoltaic glass, which, according to the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, is expected to rise from 20% to 60% in 2019-2025. We conservatively assume that the global increase in the number of new photovoltaic installed machines in 2019-2025 will be 5,400 tonnes per day in 2019, with a market share of more than 20%, the second largest producer of light glass worldwide.
Strong market demand and further upgrading of the company’s photovoltaic glass market will speed up the construction of Viet Nam’s sea-protected glass production base and the second installation of anse-based glass production base. The second installation is now expected to add 750,000 tons of optical glass to our company.
Folett (601865): The long slopes are snowy, with no fear of volatility. Productions continue from year to year: two sea-based anti-photoglass production bases in Viet Nam, with 1,000 tons of melting light glass kilns per day, will be set on fire and put into operation in 2020.
Photovoltaic glass technologies are slow to overlap, cost advantages are largely established by size rather than by emerging technologies, the threshold for investment in photovoltaic glass lines is high, scalable production can improve product productivity and output efficiency and effectively reduce unit manufacturing costs; there is a stronger bargaining power for upstream suppliers by making use of the advantages of scale procurement. The larger the production of kilns, the lower the cost of production, the larger the large kilns than the average.
The kilns are less expensive and more productive, with 1,000 tons of large kilns per day more than 10% less than the 500 tons produced per day, with a completion rate of about 5% higher, and companies with large production lines have a natural advantage to earn higher profits than other companies. Forlet is one of the only two companies in the country with 1,000 tons/daylines, one of which had a capacity until 2017.
Small and medium production lines of up to 600 tons per day, and additional capacity of 1,000 tons per day in 2017 and beyond, effectively reducing the unit cost of photovoltaic glass, and the trend in unit cost changes in line with the trend in production capacity, relative to the cost of production and the Māori ratio of other enterprises' Fullet units.
It is also significantly superior to other enterprises, which remain in the forefront of the industry, will continue to invest heavily in 2020 and 2021, and will have a more competitive advantage as future production, which is already planned, begins to take place. Photovoltaic glass costs comprise mainly 14 per cent of manufacturing costs (mainly including depreciation), 4 per cent of labour costs, 41 per cent of fuel, direct materials (main)
The price of the product has been reduced, but we believe that the cost of the company’s new production capacity was lower in 2020, and that the volume of glass produced on both sides of the product structure increased.
Increased value added of products can effectively offset the impact of hedge prices on the Māori rate.
The company's share of deep glass processing has been increasing in recent years, with a steady increase in the share of engineering glass revenues and the Māori rate, with the conversion of the original floating glass production line into the "100,000 tons of online low-e plating glass project" starting in 17 years and further deep processing of floating glass, which was completed in 18 years and is entering the trial production phase, and which will further increase the value added of the product and help expand the benefits beyond the light-volved glass.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, Fulett (601865): long slopes of snow, with no fear of volatility, and growth points, have increased corporate influence in the area of engineering glass.
Figure 7: Operating income from engineering glass and Māori ratio
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
FLET (601865): B.A., University of Electricity, North China, University of Shanghai, University of Transport, and University of Manchester, ba (financial direction), joined East Hing Securities in May 2019 as guest speaker for the Swedish Green Transport Congress 2018.
B.A., Nuclear Science and Engineering, Qinghua University, formerly employed at the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center of the Department of Environmental Protection as a research assistant for the Nuclear Safety Review.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.