On 29 April 2020, the company released a restrictive stock incentive scheme (draft) for 16 participants.
Medium- and senior-level managers and key technical personnel awarded limited shares of 6 million shares to companies, about which companies should use the easier-to-finish business income target as an indicator to be evaluated at the corporate level in line with industry characteristics, with a focus on core talent for competitiveness consolidation: this equity incentive scheme is open for 2020-2024.
Taking into account the larger scale of company expansion planning and the competitive advantage of the stronger industry, we believe that the company has achieved 1. " A significant increase in profitability to accelerate the expansion of the Suzuran " , a performance target that is expected to be an event; taking into account the high volatility of the landscape of the photovoltaic industry, the choice is made.
Income, rather than profits, is also legitimate as a performance goal, with the central aim of upgrading core management and technology.
The supply rigidity has put short-term pressure on the price of photovoltaic glass, has reached the bottom of the stage and has had a chance to rebound in the second half of the year.
Photovoltaic glass with a continuous downward revision of mainstream guidance prices in April and May, with 3.2 mm specification products adjusted from $29 per square metre at the beginning of the year.
We're down to $24 per square metre, we're judging the price of the glass or the bottom of the stage, we're looking at 630 grabs in the country, and we're back to work on overseas projects, and we expect the glass stock to be gradually digested starting in May, although in the second half of the year, the order of the JCL confirms the importance of the light glass and the company.
There are still some new production plans to set off, but with the recovery of domestic and foreign demand on a quarterly basis, we expect industry status - the Fullet Incident Review, where glass prices are more likely to rebound in the course of the year.
Keeping in view the two-faced double-bond trend and the medium- and long-term growth potential of the company, optimized by industry patterns: the two core logics of the glazing glass chain (double-colour penetration + good competition patterns) have not changed, the Ministry set fire to 2 1,000 tons of Vietnamese production lines in 2020 and two 1,200 tons of Phoenix production in 2021.
Line expansion planning is still progressing steadily, and we expect that the relative balance between the supply of and demand for photovoltaic glass over the next two years, and the increase in the market share of headlines, will remain a more definitive event. Consider the negative impact of the epidemic on the global light-voltage loader this year, as well as recent price tables for light-voltage glass.
Over-expected deterioration of the overseas epidemic: less than expected penetration of the two-bonds; over-exploitation of competitors; analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market; then averaged the final rating as average investment in the market