\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Dom Young-kang \triangleright electrolytic fluids delivered about 90,000 tons, ring-to-q2 electrolytic fluids increased by 45%.
Research assistant Lee Hyo-ping is expected to deliver 350,000 tons of electrolytic fluid. In 2023, we're expected to deliver 500,000 tons. In terms of single tons of net profit, we estimate a net gain of 136,000 tons of electrolyte q3 tons, a 32 per cent decrease in the q2 ring ratio.
The main reasons for this include: (i) fluctuations in the price of lithium hexafluorate; (ii) a decrease in the yield of lithium carbonate stocks; (ii) a research assistant's table; (iii) cost advantages in the construction of the integrated layout; and (iii) a new increase in the contribution of iron phosphate + lifsi.
s01012060007 Integrated layout of the “Sulfuric acid-hydrfluorophosphate-lithium fluoride/dithium pentafluoride-Lithium hexafluoride- electrolyte” industrial chain with a former company with a self-production ratio of more than 95 per cent of lithium hexafluoride, with plans for core electrolyte raw materials over the next two years
In the case of iron phosphate, the by-product of the company ' s lithium phosphorus line can be used to generate iron phosphate and to achieve a horizontal cycle of the production line, which is expected to further reduce the cost of producing iron phosphate, it is appropriate that 300,000 tons of a phase of 100,000 metric tons be produced in three quarters, and phase two is under active development.
Biannual report 2022: Assessment of the continuous progress of the integrated layout, and of the lithium salt additives of the electrolytic fluids, the company currently owns 0.63 million tons of lifsi production capacity and has a capacity of 120,000 in construction
2. Tianchi material (002709.sz) event review: full capacity lifsi is expected to bring new growth to the company. 3. Tianchi material (002709.sz) depth report: integration
The construction of cost barriers, the growth of the new lithium salt by 2022/0pe, the profitability of which is evident in the company's integrated layout, maintains a “recommended” rating.
5. q3 performance loops increase significantly, equity methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.