The purchase of the glue company, the electrolyte's overseas layout has accelerated.
Keywords: #Integration: 1) The company intends to buy 85% of the shares held by related parties, including the chairman of the board, at $383 million (55% of the stock held before the transaction, 30% of the stock held by Xu Kim Boo, and the company ' s share held after the transaction was completed)
The stock exchange is on the market, and the new basic stocka shares represented by this issue of gdr are not more than 289 million shares; 3) The company intends to invest in Singapore with a fully-owned subsidiary with a registered capital of S$ 1 million, which will help to improve the strategic platform for corporate globalization.
450 million at a price to buy Tungyu, expand the business of glue, and contribute to the new growth point. The company previously released foam elastics, low-density elastics, high-conducting heat gels and high-conducting heat injections at the end of the pack.
Use. After 22 years, he received $87 million, a net profit of $25 million, a forecast of $168 million for January-October 22 years, a net profit of $400 million, and the assignor promised to pay off 23/24/25 years of deductions, which would be compensated in cash if they were not met, and an additional cash incentive for the operating team if the excess was realized.
The company’s electrolytic fluid costs are significant, with a doubling of the 23-year target and a further increase in the market share expected to increase.
Tons, near doubling growth, coupled with the company's intention to issue gdr, form a Singapore subsidiary, and speed up overseas production, we expect the company's global market share to rise further in 23 years. On the profit side, it can still be maintained at $110,000 per ton +, the company's liquid six fluorine advantage is clear, and we expect a six-fluoride cost.
We expect to maintain a single ton of profits per year at around $10,000. Quarterly reports: performance meets market expectations, reports: performance meets market expectations, reports: performance meets market expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board