q3 performances in line with expectations, and strong profitability highlights the advantages of integration Events: the company achieved operating income of $16.43 billion in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 148.06 per cent over the same period, with a gifted material (002709.sz)
The net return to the mother is 4.36 billion, an increase of 180.65 per cent over the year; the net profit from the non-return to the mother is 4.25 billion yuan, the \triangleright performance is as expected, and the output of the flagship is expanding.
The ring increased by 16.3 per cent, the net profit was 1.45 billion yuan, the net profit was 3.3 per cent, the net gain was 3.3 per cent, and the decomposition of Wu Ho's electrical equipment and the new energy industry was reduced by 92,000 tons, the net gain was 13,000 yuan/ton, the ring was 19 per cent lower, and the new lithium salt cone was reduced by 19 per cent.
The core electrolytic raw materials and additives, such as liquid lithium hexafluoride, lifsi, vc, dtd, lithium difluorophosphate, fsi, tmsp, and so on, have been laid and gradually formed.
The strategic layout of the “Basic Materials - Electrolysis/Adders - Electrolyte” industrial chain integration strategy, with a self-supply ratio of more than 95% for the company, and continued strengthening of core competitiveness and cost advantages. At the same time, the company undertakes a phosphate lithium battery recovery operation to widen the supply of lithium sources.
The company gives priority to the market share of products such as new lithium salts, core additives, etc., with lifsi currently producing more than 6,000 tons and is expected to grow to 30,000 tons by the end of 2022; with future phosphate 2 tons of capacity released and further deliveries made
Increased and expected further gains. Risk factors: new energy vehicle requirements are not as high as expected; risk of changes in lithium battery technology; original \triangleright
Super-expected risk of price fluctuations in materials; environmental protection and safe production risks, etc.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the new energy vehicle industry, and the voucher Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the photovoltaic sector.
Hu Ying, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering at the People ' s University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering at Wuhan University, formerly Research Assistant for the Sports and Mechanical Engineering Team, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the wind and power equipment industry, formerly one Assistant for Research in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Economic Analysis at Sydney University, Bachelor of Financial Science at Nakayama University, 2022
Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the new power systems and electrical equipment industry. Chen Jie, member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, and was responsible for the lithium electric materials industry. Sun Rang, member of the team, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for research in the new energy vehicle industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.