For the first time, it was recommended that the small oil tankers were in high swings in the first half of the year, with a strong eye to the upward trend of the cycle.
Small and medium-sized oil tankers are rising, and the company’s performance has improved in the second quarter. The company’s performance has been matched by a first recovery in the crude oil boat and finished oil market. The average shipping value of the suezmax/africamax in the first half of the year was 906/664%, compared to the average shipping value of the same year, which was in Europe’s demand for crude oil in the aftermath of the conflict in the Russian Federation.
The former small-scale tankers have benefited from a significant increase in the US Gulf, West African exports to European pallets, and market performance has been active. The finished tankers have been able to maintain their position in a situation where the profitability of the refined oil supports trade activity.
With the exception of the Vlcc ship, the daily rate of revenue for tankers’ representative shipping lines has increased by more than 100% over the same period last year. Meanwhile, companies have been actively adjusting their market position, transferring three ships to foreign trade and raising overall returns.
In the first half of 2022, the company ' s ng transport plate contributed 383 million yuan, an increase of 41 million yuan, compared to the same period. In the first half of 2022, the world ' s leading countries exported about 198 million tons of ng, an increase from the same period in 2021.
3.5%. In addition to meeting winter heating needs in the northern hemisphere, demand for lang in the European region surged as a result of geopolitical conflicts. At the same time, ng trade needs to continue to increase, driven by global carbon-reduction policies, ng exports increase and new growth of about spa provide eng transport
A new round of opportunities for development. The company seized the opportunity of a long deal with traders, and the eng transport fleet grew steadily, reaching 49 ships involved in investing.
The low level of commercial stocks is accompanied by a stronger demand for replenishment, while the consumption of finished oil in the European and American regions is gradually recovering, while Europe has seen a strong refining margin and the price of the finished oil tankers as a result of a combination of factors such as a reduction in the import of finished oil from Russia, a decline in refinery capacity in recent years, and a low stock of finished oil.
At the end of June 2022, the global share of tankers aged 15 years or more was still 28%. New orders for the industry were historically low, with a total of 135 tankers carrying 16.6 million heavy tons globally in the first half of 2022.
During the same period of the year, 143 (16 million heavy tons) were delivered, and in the first half of 2022 only 30 new tankers were signed, the lowest level since 1996, of which Vlcc had not been signed since July last year, and the future fleet of tankers was growing at a low rate.
We believe that the oil industry is doing well, and that the prices are expected to continue to be high. The Middle and Far Seas can have the world’s largest tanker fleet, and its good fleet size and internal foreign trade fleet structure are expected to continue to benefit from the high oil prices.
Global economic recovery is less than expected: security accident risk: fuel price volatility risk. Chart 1: Medium- and Far-Sea energy operating income and comparative (millions of dollars) Figure 2 net profit not attributable to the mother and ratio (millions of dollars)