The company issued its third quarter financial report, which generated $11,593 million in revenues in the previous three quarters, an increase of 301 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a net return to the mother 3.12.
The company actively promoted balanced production, with a significant increase in its performance. The major asset restructuring was completed on 20 November 2017, bringing Shen Fei into the consolidated statements.
While the quarterly product delivery nodes have moved by the same time, military revenues are still largely confirmed in the fourth quarter, with the first three quarters estimated to have completed 50% of the year’s mandate, based on the company’s “1225” delivery target, thus presumably maintaining a high rate of growth throughout the year.
As a result of changes in the scope of the consolidated statements, the rates of corporate management costs, sales costs, and sales costs have been reduced considerably over the same period, and the financial cost rates have been reversed by increases in interest net income over the same period. The company’s Māori rate has increased by 0.09 pec over the same period in 2017.
With the announcement of the equity incentive announcement, the company officially became the first core military lump-sum company to implement the incentive, in the military industry.
According to Worldairforce 2016, the stock of second-generation fighters, represented by 7 and 8, still stands at 49%.
The U.S. Air Force ' s second-generation aircraft, with a total of 1220 f22 and f35 fourth-generation aircraft, accounted for 84% and 16%, respectively. The Shen Fei Group ' s main military fleet consists of 11 series of 3/ 3 generation-and-a-half-generation aircraft and 31 of 16-and-four-generation aircraft, which are now heavily equipped with 16-generation aircraft, a high-performance ground-to-sea striker capable of crushing all three generations in our country.
Four generations of mechanism capacity have entered the age of service, and one 16 is expected to continue to obtain significant demand orders with a differential advantage. The other 31 are expected to become four-generation aircraft, and demand growth space is expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies