The profits have increased considerably over the years.
In the first three quarters of 2018, the company achieved revenue of $11,593 million, an increase of 30,142%, net profit of $313 million for mothers, net profit of $287 million for non-mothers, and a loss of profit of the same year. The company ' s revenue profit of the same year was largely due to the promotion of balanced production, product delivery nodes and tops this year.
In terms of costs, the cost of sales, management, R & D and finance in the first three quarters of the company were 0.06 per cent, 3.65 per cent, 0.67 per cent and -0.65 per cent respectively, and the cost of sales in the company remained flat compared to the first half of the year. The management and R & D rates were calculated by disaggregating the R & D costs in the notes to the previous statements.
Overall, the company operated robustly in the first three quarters of 2018, and production delivery was well advanced.  operating cash flows have improved significantly and are expected to match current profits throughout the year.  company operating net cash flows in the first three quarters of 2018 were 1157 million yuan, adjusted during the same period the previous year.
For the first half of 2018 - 2,521 million yuan. In our view, the first three quarters of the company had a negative cash flow, mainly related to the concentration of payments by military clients at the end of the year, but both the same and the ring ratios had improved significantly, for two reasons:
The first was a marked increase in the loans received by q3 compared to the first half of the year, when the sales of goods, the provision of labour were made, and the second was an increase in the company's share of upstream suppliers, mainly in balance sheet accounts, as a whole, the cash flow of the company in the first three quarters of 2018 was the same period as the previous year and the first half of 2018.
There has been a marked improvement in comparison, with negative net cash flows in the first three quarters affected by the pace of payments from military clients, and the general trend since the end of 2017 of accelerated orders and payments from military clients has not changed, and we expect companies to be able to match current profits with year-round cash flows.
1. Shen Fei, China (600,760): Towards balanced production with a significant increase in performance on a year-on-year basis  Profit forecasting and investment rating:
We believe that the company, as the country's only listed manufacturer of strikers, can benefit from the continued deployment of our advanced military aircraft, its high-growth operations and the introduction of equity incentives.
As we move into the performance release and realization period, we predict that the company will return to its net profit share for the period 2018-2020, that the profit on income will increase significantly, that the cost rate will rise, that the free cash flow model itself has limitations and that the valuation results will be used only as a reference.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board