On 22 October, the company issued its financial report for the first three quarters of 2018, which resulted in operating income of $11,593 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 301.42 per cent in the same year; and a net return of $313 million, a loss in the same year.
During the first three quarters of \triangleright 2018, the company achieved a net return of $313 million, a significant improvement in its performance over the previous year, the core reason being the liquidity (millions of shares)
The company pushed for balanced production and improved the balance of product delivery across the quarter. From the third quarter, in a single quarter, the department achieved $5.336 billion in revenue, resulting in a net profit of $213 million from the mother, and accelerated the release of profits. We expect that the company's only platform to market the strikers throughout the year, keeping in mind the company's long-term development.
On January 12, \triangleright, 2018, the company officially changed its name to “Shenfleet China”, which marked the launch of the Shen Fei Group as a whole, which was successfully completed as the only platform for listing a striker. Core products include heavy strikers - 11.
In 2012-2017, the company’s head and product structure continued to be optimized, and its performance was expected to increase at a high rate. The new aircraft-type accelerated build-up, and price-fixing reforms increased profitability.
The World Air Force shows that only 37% of the three-generation SLA fighters are in service, well below 70% of the U.S. Army. In the future, Shen Fei’s performance is expected to grow rapidly, benefiting from the need for a three-to-four-generation replacement.
Shen Fei is expected to be 10%. Shen Fei, as the owner of the striker, will continue to increase profit rates in the future.
+ Equity incentives reflect firm confidence in long-term development. The implementation of incentive programs will further improve corporate motivation, production for performance enhancement, and look at corporate long-term development constraints, binding core personnel and corporate interests, and safeguarding corporate performance growth.
2. China ' s Shen Fei (600,760) depth report: China III. Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations
The company is the only platform for domestic strikers to be listed, benefiting from the gradual build-up of future military aircraft, and we value the company’s long-term 51x and 42x, with a “recommended” rating.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.