We'll try again. We'll see the moon. We'll take a look at the Shen Fei incident.
In recent days, the three-and-a-half-generation warplanes with their fates have returned to the horizons of their fans again. Next, we have read from three angles of development, combined energy, and size predictions.
On April 29, 2015, the first appearance of D-11d was the first successful flight of a new type of fighter aircraft with the number d1101. Figure 1: D-111d first flight. On September 12, 2016, photos of T-11d and T-16 being tested at the High Plateau Airport were released online, with thin air and pressure in the highlands.
Less powerful, less imported flows than plains, and these disadvantages have had a significant negative impact on engines. It is for these reasons that fighter jets need to be tested for flight in the highlands, for example, on-board and ground power start-up tests, engine cooling, heat start-up and continuous start-up.
On 17 January 2018, foreign satellite photographs showed that at least five Dynamite-11d were flying in intensive tests at the Xian Xianlian pilot base.
Almost a year ago, on December 25, 2016, the first four Su-35 arrived at the terminal training centre in Hebei State. During the period of joining our air force from Su-35 to Dao-11d, who appeared again in the public domain, it was highly likely that our experts would be able to adjust to Dhoi-11d in the light of Su-35's improved experience, particularly the advanced “flying-fire” integration technology of Su-35, which will be detailed in the performance section.
Figure 3: Dynamite-11d intensive test flight The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom Dynamite-11d is an improved heavy-duty Aerobic Fighter based on Dynamite-11b, compared to Dynamite-11b, Dynamite-11d replaced with a new active phase-out.
The electron system has been optimized and air capability has been significantly improved. Figure 4: Dynamite-11d performance has been significantly enhanced.
In addition, D-11d has improved the invisibility of seven large locations, such as the head radar mask, the seat cover, the engine entrance, the wing air link, the double puncture and landing shelf caps and the weapons hatch. D-11d has a very robust mount capability, counting the upper wing edge hanger, and there are eight hangers under the two main wings, plus the abdominal and inbound air lanes.
4 heavy-load hangers with a total of 12 exterior points.
Duh-11d is a deep-improved version of the Duh-11 series, while Suh-35 is also the ultimate improved version of S-3-27, both of which are technically different and of great interest because of the power vector engine technology and the “flash-push” integration technology, which is the only Russian-made fighter aircraft that the country has purchased in recent years.
At the request of our air force, the D-11d must be equipped with an additional national production “too-drill” engine with a thrust of 14.5 tons, a thrust vector nozzle, a multi-purpose machine containing a source array radar and a digital telex flight control system: all new equipment, including pl-10, pl-15, pl-21, can be launched or advanced air and air missiles developed; and an air refuelling capability equipped with an integrated integrated control system of “flying fire”.
These technological indicators, the most difficult of which are numerical thrust vectors and “flash-drilling” integration technologies, which, in turn, are the strength of Su-35, which seriously hampers the development process of D-11d, which in one case has been the subject of rumours of defecation. In addition, the other performance indicators of D-11d exceed Su-35, and the new active phase-control radars of the 14-infractor system, Bisssou, are used.
The source of Eastern financial and intellectual growth is the most advanced radar of the unsourced phase group.
During the recently concluded Pearl Sea voyage, the D-10b drive tester perfected the super-movement of cobras, j-turns, falling leaves, etc., and showed that our thrust vector technology was capped, and that it could be transplanted to D-11d. “Flying Fire” integration gained a greater advantage in close combat, and with this technology, the fire control data and the pilot's levers were launched.
The flight data and the state of the motor vector tubes are all in one, and the onboard computer combines engine, flight state, fire control radar parameters and optimizes them, and then feeds back to the respective control systems, giving the best decision, and the pilot only needs to focus on the right tactical judgment of the immediate target, without having to control the deflection of the vector tube alone.
As a three-and-a-half-generation high-duty fighter jets developed by the country, the use of D-11d can include the use of D-11d.
pl-10, pl-15, pl-21, etc., all state-produced anti-air missiles, which cannot be compared with the Soviet-35 using Russian-type missiles. A comparison between Su-35 and Dhoo-11d was made in the United States Aerial Weekly, where it was argued that “China has once again taken advantage of some of Russia’s advantages, and then, in combination with its advantages, has perfected a perfect supplement to the national production of Sina-11d, which once again reflects the Chinese’s wisdom.”
\triangleright D-11d is located in a three-generation semi-heavy-heavy warplane, mainly replacing Su-27, Duh-11a and Duh-11b. 3 batches of S-27 were introduced between 1990 and 2002, including 36 S-27sk single-seat and
40 Su-27ubk two-seat units. Table 1: Su-27 procurement schedule racks. Dioxin-11b/bs nationalized Su-27, which replaced the national production integrated fire control system with a four-degree digitized version on a scavenger-11a basis
A total of 212 (72 sea-borne tiles - 11bh/bsh) core components, such as the telex manipulation system and the ws-10 “ too-fine” turbo motors, were produced, and our air force received a total of 393 units (including stow- 11bh/bsh) from Su-27, Tsho-11a, Tsho 11-bs (including stow- 11bh/bsh) to be removed from the decommissioned and destroyed departments.
So, the projected replacement space for D-11d is about 360. The station’s exclusive position, with a target market value of $60.5 billion, maintains a “highly recommended” investment rating.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East, the research assistant's brief.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.