Material material Shandong gold depth assessment: full capital acquisition of tmac, secure gold leadership trading: full capital acquisition of tmac
Shandong gold will be purchased in cash at a price of $1.75 per share of the shares that Tmac has already issued, pending a reduction in shares, and is proposed to subscribe to $15 million worth of Tmack's new ordinary shares at a price of $1.75.
Hong Kong will hold 100% of the T.M. equity in direct and indirect terms. The total investment in this transaction is about $230 million, or 1,153 million yuan.
The core assets of Temek are 100% interest in the Hopebay project in Canada. The field rights of the Hopebay project are 1101 square kilometres. The project has a proven and credible stock of 3,545,000 ounces of gold (110.3 tons) with an average grade of 6.5 g/ton. The Hopebay project was completed in 2017.
It is now in operation, producing about 9.5 tons of gold, of which 139,000 ounces (approximately 4.3 tons) were produced in 2019, at a full cost of US$ 1,075 per ounce in the first three quarters of 2019.
The total market value/flow (millions of yuan) is the status of the Golden Leader and the world’s largest gold-producing company.
There is a premium, but it's still cheap: despite the premium, the total share price of the tmac is still at the bottom of history, taking into account the high grade of the project, which is now nine years of high gold prices.
In terms of market value/net production, v/stock, etc., the tmac is absolutely low compared to its domestic and foreign counterparts.
The project has good prospects for operating: the project is located within the Arctic and has a slightly less convenient location, but the region is politically stable, legally sound, and has a relatively well-developed infrastructure.
Overall capital spending is manageable: taking into account the size of its buy-off, expansion spending, and debt swaps, Shandong gold is expected to spend around $760 million on the project for the period 2020-2023.
On the other hand, the current Federal Reserve has reached near-zero interest rates, with a relatively low dollar cost; and, with the decline in costs associated with the steady upswing in production, and the cost reductions associated with privatization and improved management, the project is likely to turn to a profit-making and cash flow self-perfecting cycle.
A strong look at the gold price movement: We have found that the trend in real interest rates over the past five years has been almost complete for the period 2003-2008, and that real interest rates are likely to have gone down at the same rate in the current environment, which is extremely similar to that of 2008. On the one hand, the Federal Reserve has fallen.
At zero or negative interest rates, on the other hand, as the unlimited qe policy pushes out and re-inflation expectations are strong, the real rate of return continues to fall, with great certainty, and Shandong gold depths: full capital buys tmac, solidises the status of the gold leader.
So, even if the short-term risk avoidance mood fluctuates, gold prices are likely to rise out of the bulls. Investment proposal: We estimate that Shandong gold will have a net return profit of 563 million yuan in 2020-2022, and we think that the 2020 performance estimates are still conservative.
I. Transactions and progress: Tmac Shandong gold will be purchased with full capital from Shandong gold at a cost of $1.75 per share in cash through the proposed new Canadian subsidiary in Yamato Hong Kong. All shares of 118.116.421 are issued in cash to Temek (tmacresourcesinc.) and will be reduced.
The company will guarantee Hong Kong's implementation of the Arrangement Agreement, which will be accepted at a price of $1.75.
The total purchase price of $15 million in TAM’s new ordinary shares, which account for about 9 per cent of the total increase in shares, was eventually converted at the exchange rate between the United States dollar and the Canadian dollar announced by the Central Bank of Canada on 7 May. Once the deal is completed, the Hong Kong of San Francisco will collectively hold 100 per cent of the TAM shares in direct and indirect terms.
The total investment in this transaction is approximately $230 million, or RMB 1,153 million, or $163 million. The fee for break-ups and reverse break-ups is $12.5 million.
The deal has been unanimously adopted by the T.M.S. Board of Directors.
At the same time, San Francisco signed a lock-in agreement with the top shareholder, the top shareholder, Newmont, and the directors and executives of the second major shareholder, Newmont, and the top executives of Newmont, and the directors and executives of Newmont and Newmont will vote in a special shareholder conference to support the acquisition.
II. TAMMING AND OPERATION: North American gold mine (i) traded with reduced production uphill costs: core asset is the Hoop Bay gold mine in Canada. Temek is a Canadian gold mining company based in Canada and is on the Toronto Exchange in Canada (stocks).
The code “tmr” is on the market, mainly for exploration, exploitation and production of gold resources in Canada. Its first and second shareholder resource capital and Newmont hold 30.4% and 27.3% respectively of the shares in Trek. The TAM core asset is 100% interest in the Hopebay (Hop Bay) project, located in the north-east of Nunavut Province, Canada.
Monte’s assets, which became a single-asset project public company, are relatively independent in operating. The field of mine rights for the Hopebay project is 1101 square kilometres, divided mainly into three mining areas, Doris, Madrid and Boston. As of 31 December 2019, based on Canada’s ni43-101 standard, Hopebay
The project has a proven + credible stock of 35.45 million ounces of gold (110.3 tons) with an average grade of 6.5 g/t. Possessing a proven + controlled resource of 5,173,000 ounces of gold (160.9 tons) with an average grade of 7.4 g/t. The estimated resource volume of 2,127,000 ounces of gold (66.2 tons) with an average grade of 6.1 g/t.
(ii) Operational situation: production continued to climb and costs gradually decreased, with the Hopebay project being completed in 2017, with a cumulative production of about 9.5 tons of gold, of which 55,000 were produced in 2017, 139,000 ounces of gold (approximately 4.3 tons) were produced and a full maintenance cost of $1,075 per ounce was incurred in the first three quarters of 2019.
The project currently has a design and treatment capacity of 2,000 tonnes per day, but the design, operation and mining capacity indicators have not been met, and production is currently maintained at 1,600-1,700 tonnes per day.
(i) Increase in reserves and further strengthen the position of the industry Current good domestic resources are relatively scarce and overseas mergers and acquisitions are the preferred option for international mining companies such as mountain gold, purple gold, locium, and bronze. After purchasing the Argentine veladero gold project in 2017, mountain gold was relatively successful in overseas mergers and acquisitions
But this buy-in will help to further consolidate the country’s gold leadership, as well as the position of the world’s large-scale gold-producing companies, in line with its strategic goal of “run for the top 10 years of the world.”
On-site financing is difficult to generate sustained investment in the project, which in turn limits its operational improvements. On a realistic note, Hopebay does operate as a single-asset project, rather than as a grouping, and its survival space is indeed significantly squeezed.
(ii) In spite of the premium, it is still very cheap overall, despite the fact that the purchase price is $1.75 per share relative to the impact of Temek's 20-day weighted crown epidemic as of May 6, 2020, the equity asset price as a whole has fallen sharply. Even though the current share price of tmac has returned significantly since the end of March, with an amount of $0.44
It's about $1.5, but it's still worth more than $3 at the beginning of the year. Taking into account that the value of the gold is now nine years high, the target asset, if it works properly, will be able to benefit from the dividends of the higher price.
For example, municipal and domestic gold enterprises, in terms of market value/net asset indicators, only 0.22 times the value of tmac, 2.47 times the value of comparable companies abroad, and 2.67 times the average value of comparable companies in the country. Also, in terms of ev/storage indicators, tmac is only $41/ounce, while overseas counterparts have a median of $241/ounce.
At less than 0.26 times the market value/net asset is converted. On the basis of a pre-research, the net present value after tax on the basis of a gold price of $1,400 and a discount rate of 5 per cent is $486 million (approximately $2.47 billion).
(iii) The focus of the dispute: “Is it cheap or not good?”, although the trade is cheaper in terms of indicators and historical stock price trends, it has to be considered what is the quality of the tmac assets under the data? According to the four main criteria for overseas gold mergers and acquisitions in Shandong:
1) in the production of mines; 2) in the mining belt there is room for increased storage; 3) there is room for increased productivity; 4) there is a stable political environment and a sound legal environment in the area, which is basically the same for all four articles. But the market question is centred on three: 1) less convenient areas and harsh mining environments; 2) relatively decentralized mining power.
Short number of years available in mines: 3) high cost of expansion and heavy debt burden. We believe that: 1. Project site accommodation is slightly less convenient, but the more well-developed Hopebay project is located in the north-eastern province of Nunavut, Canada, at a commercial airport that has recently sailed.
Cambridgebay is about 160 km. The mine is located within the Arctic Circle, with extreme day and night. Because of the Arctic Circle, only about three months of shipping (July-September) a year is allowed, during which large equipment, bulk goods, etc. can enter through shipping.
Large cargo aircraft. The short shipping period has affected the ease and freedom of procurement of some goods, but overall, the region is politically stable, legally sound, and has a relatively well-developed infrastructure. The Hopebay project includes an 80-km-long 20-km-wide ancient green rock belt containing a large infrastructure mining site.
Camps. Tmac acquired the Hopebay project from Newmont in 2013 with $114 million and invested cumulatively $650 million in the development of the Madrid and Boston mines. The Hopebay project is now fully authorized to produce in the three mining areas of Doris, Madre and Boston.
Construction of the Hopebay project. Gold depth assessment for Shandong: full capital acquisition of tmac, consolidation of gold tap 2, project mining is more difficult, but not lacking relevant technology and experience
The biggest challenge for the project is that some of the mineral bodies are located at the bottom of the Arctic lake, which is difficult to exploit. But, on the one hand, there are more polar mining cases that do not technically pose a major obstacle.
On the other hand, there is a lot of experience with gold in the bottom veins. Gold in the northern part of the three mountain islands is the first mine in the world to exploit seabed metal resources safely and efficiently, and the only gold mine in the country.
In contrast, the depth of mining on the three mountain islands has reached more than 1,000 metres.3 There is a short number of years available on the mine, but the prospects for increased storage are good; the area of mine rights under the Hopebay project is 1101 square kilometres, divided mainly into Doris, Madrid and Madrid.
There are three mining areas in Boston. The mining site is currently a doris site, which is available for about four years, based on the current production of about four tons per year and the remaining reserves. However, due to the relatively high level of exploration for the project, the world-class green rock belt in northern Canada offers good prospects for increased storage and is expected to be extended in the future.
The northern extension of the doris area has shown promising prospects for prospecting, and for the extension of the Madrid mine area, which would have been within the pre-research plan, it would have been more than four times as large as the Doris mine, where production was planned for 2020-2023, after which the Madrid mine would have been located.
After 2024, the processing capacity of the site will be expanded from 2,000 tons/day to 4,000 tons/day, project gold production4 and substantial capital expenditure will still be required, but mountain financing channels will now be open to Tmac, which is currently facing higher expansion costs, and a heavier debt burden, which may also be held in stock prices
According to the estimate for 2020-2023, an additional $683 million ($490 million) is still needed, including $184 million for the construction of the new plant. If assessed, it would amount to at least $120 million per year ($800-90 million). But the cash flow from Shandong gold is close to RMB 3.2 billion, or RMB 2019 for the past three years.
At the same time that Shandong gold has a smoother access to finance, capital spending is projected at $120 million. Moreover, according to tmac, it still has approximately $110 million in outstanding interest-bearing debt, with interest rates of 6.5% + March.
The debt is due on 31 December 2020, but can be extended at a rate of 2% for a six-month period.
If the size of the purchase price, expansion spending, and debt swaps are taken into account, Shandong gold is expected to spend around $760 million on the project in 2020-2023. But while the Fed is currently cutting interest rates to near zero, the dollar cost is relatively low, and the costs of the steady upturn in production fall, as well as the costs of privatization and improved management are reduced.
The project will shift to a profit-making and cash flow self-perfecting cycle.5 The discount rate should not be a core concern, based on pre-research reports, the net post-tax present value of Hopebay based on the assumption of a gold price of $1,400 and a discount rate of 5 per cent.
486 million Canadian dollars (approximately 2.47 billion yuan). The view was expressed that the 5% discount rate was too low, so that the project’s value might be overestimated. But its own valuation was a broad estimation process, and even at a 10% discount rate, the net present value of the project pre-tax was still evaluated at Shandong’s gold depth: full capital acquisition of tmac, solid gold tap status.
With $265 million, the net pre-tax present value of the project would have been $457 million if the value of the gold had been $1525. Moreover, if Yamato had been successful in optimizing the production layout of the target company and improving the production process, the return would have been likely to increase further.
Xu could not see immediate benefits in the short term, but in the medium term it would not exclude a more substantial profit to contribute.IV. Investment proposals: very high certainty in the medium- and long-term gold upswings. Real interest rates and the United States dollar are two major factors in the volatility of gold prices. And, overall, real interest rates and gold.
The negative price is even more relevant (since 2003 the relevant coefficient has been around -0.9). We have previously reported that the sharp drop in real interest rates and gold prices since March was similar to that of October-November 2008. Further analysis shows that history is not only repeated at the point of time, but also, in fact, the movement of real interest rates over the past five years, which is exactly the same as it was in the period 2003-2008.
By historical change, the real rate of return after 2008 pushed gold prices to historical highs. The current interest rate environment, which is very similar to that of 2008, is on the one hand the possibility of the Fed reducing interest rates to zero or even negative rates.
And, on the other hand, with the introduction of the unlimited qe policy and the strong expectation of re-inflation, the real rate of return continues to fall and is extremely certain, so that even if the short-term risk avoidance mood fluctuates, the gold price may probably run out of the cow. Without considering this deal, we estimate that Shandong Gold will achieve a net return profit of 16.67, 21.52, 2022.
Taking into account that the company’s net return to its mother has reached $563 million in the first quarter, we believe that the 2020 performance estimates are still conservative. At Kim Shandong’s gold depth: full capital buys tmac, solidises the risk of uncertainty in the gold purchase transaction: the successful conclusion of the transaction requires multiple scrutiny;
(ii) Risks in project operations, such as project construction, community environment, policy and regulatory risks; (iii) foreign exchange volatility risk, where income is denominated mainly in United States dollars, while operating costs and costs are denominated in Canadian dollars; and (iv) market decline risk, where a significant decline in gold prices would create uncertainty as to the profitability of the project.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report