During the first half of 2024, performance grew robustly, insisting on the “connection plus arithmetic” layout, and business performance grew robustly in the first half of 2024. Companies achieved an operating income of $62.49 billion in the first half of 2024, representing an increase of 2.9 per cent in the same year; and the net return to the mother of $5.73 billion, representing an increase of 4.8 per cent in the same year;
In the first half of the year, the company's business growth was 31,911 million yuan, or 1.1 per cent, in the second quarter of the year.
Net revenue was 37.3 billion yuan, a 8.6 per cent decrease compared with the previous year, mainly affected by the impact of the country's overall investment, with the highest/minimum cost of 52 weeks of domestic transportation and lower expenditure on commercial capital on a year-on-year basis; and government enterprises received $9.17 billion, an increase of 56.1 per cent from the same year.
By region, domestic market revenues of $43.06 billion were almost equal. International market revenues of $194.3 billion, or 10.4 per cent, were higher.
In keeping with its strategy of deep-farming large countries (mainstream telecommunications operators) to focus on large networks, companies continue to break through large-t-value regions and raise market shares: taking advantage of the recovery of mobile demand in emerging markets, such as Latin America and Asia, in mobile products, and pushing income back to the growth track.
Companies continue to reduce their efficiency gains, their income structure changes, and their Māori rates have declined slightly. In the first half of the year, the company combined Māori Māori News (000063.sz) - to maintain autonomous innovation, and the positive layout of the “Arithmetic Plus Company” continues to adhere to the “Continence Plus Arith” strategy.
) - 2024-06-13 China Communications (000063.sz) - Quarterly smooth development, accelerated R & D investment in `connectivity plus arithmetic', providing a panorama solution from arithmetic, network, capacity, intelligence to application
In February of this year, the company registered its own development of the cpu chip, “Zhufeng”, a 400g/800g data centre switch, and self-researching large models of the nebula series.
In the area of connectivity, companies continue to develop R & D innovations and commercialization in the 5g-a and all-light networks.
Accelerating end-product expansion, with companies maintaining their market share of 5gfwa&mb at the top of the globe. Investment advice: companies expanded faster to arithmetic in 2024, with a robust overall operation.
In the first half of 2024, the company achieved business income of $62.49 billion, an increase of 2.9 per cent in the first half of 2024; net profit of $5.73 billion, an increase of 4.8 per cent in the second quarter; income of $31.91 billion in the second quarter of the company, an increase of 1.1 per cent in the second quarter; net profit of the mother.
The company’s network of operators has grown in pressure, power, and consumer business. The company’s network of operators collected $37.3 billion in the first half of the year, a decrease of 8.6 per cent in comparison, mainly due to the impact of the country’s overall investment and the capital of domestic operators.
Expenditures decreased the same year; government businesses generated $9.17 billion, an increase of 56.1 per cent over the same year, benefiting mainly from the increase in servers and storage; corporate consumer businesses generated $16.02 billion, an increase of 14.3 per cent over the same period, and benefited mainly from increases in household terminals and mobile products.
The international market has generated 194.3 billion yuan, an increase of 10.4 per cent over the same period. The company has maintained a deep global business strategy of large farming countries (mainstream telecommunications operators) and continues to break through large t-value regions and raise the market share; taking advantage of the recovery of demand for mobile phones in emerging markets such as Latin America and Asia in mobile products, and pushing for higher incomes.
Figure 5: The centralized communications 2024h1 collection structure, according to the product classification, continued to reduce efficiency gains for companies, resulting in a slight decrease in the Māori ratio due to changes in the income structure. The Māori ratio for companies was 40.5%, with an increase in the share of server and storage operations or the main reason. Companies continued to reduce efficiency gains, with sales and management in the first half of the year.
Investment recommendations: the company accelerated its growth in arithmetical capacity in 2024, operating as a whole robustly. Maintenance of profit projections, with authors ensuring that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors ' failure to conduct their studies in the past, now or in the future