On August 16, 2024, the China-China newsletter published its semi-annual report 2024: the first half of 2024.
56.09 per cent increase, mainly due to growth in operating income from servers and storage; Māori rate, $16.19 billion in operating income from consumer operations, an increase of 14.28 per cent over the same period, mainly due to growth in operating income from household terminals and mobile phone products; Māori rate, 18.93 per cent
The increase of 1.11 percentage points is mainly due to an increase in the Māori rate of household terminals and mobile phone products. The company’s wireless, cable core products remain a leader in the relevant industries.
The local market share has increased, while the 5g-a innovation, application and practice has been actively deployed, winning China's mobile low-track pilot star regenerative project; and the international market, achieving a gap break in the metropolitan regions of Cameroon, Côte d'Ivoire, and other sub-national capitals.
On the one hand, domestic oligarchic patterns are maintained, while international companies achieve key breakthroughs in Thailand and increase their share in the multi-country branch of Greater T-Africa. On cable products, companies maintain a global lead in fixed products, and in Italy, Indonesia, Brazil, etc.
The country continues to break through, raising its share of the market. Corporate light transfers, domestic markets complete the world’s first 400g all-provincial backbone network on a commercial scale, and international markets break through mainstream operators in countries like Earth, Nigeria, and so on.
The company has continued to invest in high-intensity R & D in connection & A technology, trying to increase the profitability of the industry. Since 2023, the company's R & D costs have accounted for operating income.
20.4 per cent of operating income, more than 90,000 global patent applications, 46,000 cumulative global authorized patents, of which about 5,000 were patented in the 'i ' area, cumulatively authorized over 2,000 patents, competing for companies ' markets in the midst of a wave of wisdom
Profit predictions and investment ratings: companies are the world’s leading providers of integrated information and communication technology (ICT) solutions.
The competitiveness of the heart continues to improve, while firms accelerate the expansion of the second curve in products such as numeracy, mobile phones, based on the “digital economy roadbuilders”, sustained energy for “connectivity plus numeracy plus capacity plus intelligence”, and continued high R & D investment by companies for the competitiveness of their markets in the midst of a wave of intelligence
The present report is prepared without the interference or influence of the relevant business sectors of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.
I am not interested in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended. I am not interested in this report.