The “connection” advantage was reinforced, and the “arithmetic” layout deepened on August 16th, with a mid-term report for 2024 published in the China-China newsletter. In 2024, h1, the company achieved an operating income of $62.49 billion, an increase of 2.9 per cent, and a net return of $5.73 billion, an increase of 4.8 per cent.
(b) At the income end, the company's 2024h1 business is the core growth point: 1) the operator achieves business income of $37.296 billion, compared to 8.61 per cent, and the country is largely affected by the operator's capital expenditure and is under growth;
The two-digit growth in revenue has been achieved overseas through the large country t-net focus strategy. 2) Governmental enterprises have achieved a business income of $9,172 million, or 56.09 per cent, mainly through self-research products and solutions, closely following the needs of clients in the domestic and foreign sectors, resulting in rapid growth in server and storage revenues. 3) Consumers have achieved rapid growth.
Operating income of $16.019 billion, or 14.28% of the year, home-grown captures the size of the fttr gigabytes of users, development opportunities and the wifi-7 router layout of high-end markets, while mobile phones contribute to income growth back on track by deepening the competitive advantages of such market segments as the Red Devil and emerging markets such as Latin America and Asia.
Annual Report 2023 and the 2024q1 report “Conconnectivity + Arithmetic” have been expanded, with R & D costs remaining at a high level of 20.37 per cent and 5,000 in the i area.
Multiple patent applications, 2,000 authorized patents. “Continuing + Arithmetic + Intellectual” continued to deepen in 2023, “Continuing + Arithmetic” and expanded the “Continumental ” Arithmetic.
The semi-annual reviews: The second curve is growing rapidly by the wind of “arithmetic” and, in the area of connectivity, the company’s 5gfwa&mb market share is the first in the world, the poncpe is the first in the world, the top box in the ip, and the cloud terminal is the first in the domestic operator’s market share.
In the area of numeracy, research and development inputs from ongoing and increased numeracy products and programmes provide a smart solution to the panorama landscape. At the same time, self-researching large nebula models effectively drive internal efficiency and industrial applications to the ground.
Despite the overall pressure on the operator's business, through pre-research and the wealth of government and corporate client resources, we believe that the company will take full advantage of the numeric hardware requirements of the industry and the large model size deployment.
The operator's capital expenditure is not as high as expected, international political uncertainty, exchange rate and customer credit risk index, the Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a pamphlet 500 or an NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer criteria) and the North Handled benchmark index is a North 50 index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts