The second curve business of computing, cell phones, and so on, is expanding fast and maintaining steady business.
On the other hand, the share of the operator’s business has declined, the share of business and consumer business has increased, and the interest rate of the firm’s gross business has fallen. Moreover, the net interest rate has remained stable owing to the loss of investment earnings and other gains.
In the first half of the year, the operator earned $37.3 billion, compared to 8.6%, mainly affected by a reduction in domestic operators ' capex. 1) The company remains a leader in wireless, wired, core products: 1. The share of the domestic market for wireless products is generally stable, and the international market is large in Cameroon and Côte d ' Ivoire, among other countries.
Blank breakthroughs in the sub-capital region; 2. Lined products, sequestered products maintained global leadership and sustained breakthroughs in countries such as Gowooyang, Italy, Indonesia, Brazil; light transfer products, the first ever in the world in the domestic market
The 400g all-provincial international backbone network is commercial in size, with international markets breaking through countries such as Turkey and Nigeria, the winning China mobile core router collection project; 3. Core network products, maintaining a double-oligarchy pattern in the country; International breakthroughs in Thailand and an increase in the share of multi-country branches in Greater t Africa.
: the share of the switchboard server is ahead, the first winning mobile pc server is picked, trying to break through the smart server; the number-to-the-number frame is kept ahead, the box is first and second in line, the connection and the telecommunications collection are picked up: the liquid cold continues to break through the key nodes of the east and west.
The first is the share of the operator ' s cloud terminal. 3) Future plans: to strengthen 5g-a, synergetic, all-light network technology innovation, expand technological leadership and upgrade the market landscape; joint operators to develop arithmetic networks, cloud network convergence innovation, boost servers and storage, data centre switches, data centre packages, All-Fitray Ideas
In the first half of the year, the government generated $9.2 billion, compared to 56%, and the Māori rate was 21.8%, a decline of 5.7 pct, mainly due to low Māori server classes.
As far as market expansion is concerned, companies focus on new market opportunities for numeracy and innovation, pushing for a new generation of intelligence servers, high-end storage, digital switchboards, etc., to improve competitiveness; and focusing on breaking through top customers such as the Internet, finance, electricity, and deep-down jdm: Three are data centers.
Consumer business: mobile phones are growing again, and household terminals are still ahead.
Strategies, maintaining innovation in differences, cost-leading strategies, deployment of a full range of mobile phones, tablets, pens, mobile Internet devices, introduction of innovative products such as 3d tablets, i-impact flagships, i-small folds, and market breakthroughs for young groups with a focus on sex prices; home terminals with self-research chips, new market share for fttr
The international market took advantage of the wifi7 upgrades and network evolutions in Italy, Spain, and Japan. Satellite operations made a breakthrough towards future occupation.
\triangleright Simulation and Integrated Operational Carrier Certification of the Nr-ntn Low-orbiting Satellite Laboratory as the first domestic operator Test and validation of the industry's first nr-ntn+vowifi integration network, in orbit of the terminal straight low-orbit satellite
The technology experiment has made a new breakthrough, winning China's mobile low-orbiting experimental star regenerator project. On the terminal side, the Department launched axon60ultra's mobile phone to meet the needs of industry clients on a two-satellite twin-system 5g security flagship, China-Hing-woo Satellite Communications Technology.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.