Computer software development, based on a large client base, to a high-quality development event: the company released its mid-year 2023 report, which generated $3.37 billion in operating income, compared to the previous year.
Based on large clients, the rate continues to perform well. The company’s large clients performed well, 23 years, and by the end of the reporting period, 31 contracts were awarded to the company’s largest company, publishing the corporate model yongpt.
3 Additional components, yongpt enabling finance, manpower, business intelligence, in financial processes, where yongpt can interact on a natural language-based sessional basis at any time to respond to corporate managers for total equity/flow (millions of shares)
Queries on relevant indicators, such as searching for profits over a certain period of time for a product; and the automatic generation of visualized graphs and reports based on total market value/flow (millions of dollars) and algorithms.
In the near future, the Sino-Trust Bank, the Chinese Post, and the Chinese-Tribunal Network (600588), the cloud services group continues to disclose large orders of credit, creating or entering the industry’s landing phase.
In collaboration with the State Enterprise Informatization Corporation, it has continued to build a national production replacement pole for the first-level core of corporations - 2023/03/28.
To date, the company ' s products have completed the appropriate matching of China ' s electronic cec, China ' s electronics system, China ' s electronics network (600588), the high-income cetc, China ' s cloud services, covering chips, storage, operating systems, databases, etc.
Investment proposal:chatgpt leads to a new stage of development of the company's services.
Rapid growth, sustained product diversification, market consolidation, a shift to high-quality development based on large customers, a shift to high-quality development based on large customers.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute purchases of the said securities.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.