The upgrading of the corporate model has led to a decline in the income phase. As the corporate model has been upgraded, changes in the business organization will take some time to convert, which will have a significant impact on the company ' s income in the first half of the year.
As of 1h23, the contract liability had increased by 25.9 per cent over the year, the contract liability had increased by 41.5 per cent over the year, and the annual recurrent income (arr) had increased by 22.6 per cent over the year, classified by client, with an enterprise clientele of 1h23.
Key strategies, such as operating services and data services, grinding mature bits, and promoting lower efficiency gains, have been reduced by 19.2% to $250 million with other public organization clients. As the corporate organizational model has been upgraded, the contract value has been achieved in July.
This is a 24% increase in the same year, and corporate revenues are expected to return to a good growth path in the second half of the year. A gradual impact on revenue will be expected.
The recipients of this report, including any relevant annexes, have expressed and assured their right to receive this report under the following conditions:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Legion of Cards-Pulse International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
The information contained in this report shall not be used by any person for any other purpose. It shall not be construed as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as being exclusively for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress made after the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively “Phibbing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell; and Pilgrim International or any of its directors and/or employees shall not bear any law in respect of any possible loss to investors arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it.