Promotion of organizational model upgrades with good momentum for contract contracting - semi-annual report of 2023 with Friends Network (600588.sh) Performance is influenced by organizational model upgrades and the growth of new contracts is positive
In the first half of the year, one of the largest business organizational upgrades in the company ' s history, and the overall transformation of the business organization will require a certain amount of conversion time, with a much more phased impact on the company ' s contracting, delivery, revenue recognition in the first half of the year.
Business and business development provide a good basis for growth. In the first half of 2023, the amount of corporate contract contracts was upgraded to the model of large client business organizations, and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) grew robustly. In the first half of 2023, large firms achieved income of 2,147.64 million, a 9.1 per cent decline in the same year.
Of this amount, revenues from cloud services reached $151.9 million, a decrease of 3.2 per cent in the same year; clients of medium-sized enterprises earned $553.82 million, an increase of 10.5 per cent in the same year, of which revenues from cloud services were realized.
At the end of June 2023, 31 contracts had been signed for the first level of the company.
On July 27, the company released the first large business service model in industry, Yongpt, covering business assets.
Three-quarterly report on the steady growth of the harvest, the active capture of the machine, and the formation of a friend iuap's smart center, which has formed rpa, vpa, smart search, rule engine, knowledge map 2022.11.03.
Intelligent capabilities such as spectra, i workshop, providing intelligence services such as a number of intellectuals, business portraits, talent drawings, business referrals, vendor referrals, etc.
Question analysis model, with multiple business scenes on the ground. The army company has been focusing on business informatization for 35 years, and cloud service is a strategic development in the fast and long term.
Companies are in a critical period of cloud transformation, with higher cost inputs for R & D, sales, etc., low net profitability, and the application of ps valuation methods. Over the past three years, companies have operated mainly between 6 and 20 times, taking into account the less than expected risks of cloud transformation; the risks of less-than-expected progress in R & D and promotion of new products;
Risk of loss; increased number of manufacturers entering the corporate cloud services market, and increased industry competition. Figure: Ps-band author with Ps-band authorship or considerable professional competence awarded by the Chinese Securities Association for the past three years, with a diligent, professional attitude and independence and objectivity
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.