Shin Yishan testimony, Chinese Shunhua (601088.sh) Powered Coal
\triangleright Market data: 22 March 2024
In the fourth quarter, coal sales increased equally, contributing to an increase in production and sales throughout the year. According to the company ' s December 2023 \triangleright Key Operations Data Bulletin, coal sales amounted to 450 million tons, or +7.7 per cent of the year ' s sales.
Highest/minimum in the year: 83 million tons, ring + 1.5 per cent, 5.8 per cent; coal sales, 118 million tons, ring + 2.5 per cent, 8.2 per cent, price, based on wind data.
Market value of a share in circulation (billions): A significant slowdown in the supply of coal, a steady economic policy, such as a build-up of special national debt, a recovery in domestic demand for coal, and a recovery in coal prices.
Dollars/tonnes, corresponding to 9.32 per cent; a fall in parent profits is expected, but it is expected to fall well below the industry average, reflecting the advantages of company-wide chain operations. In addition, taking into account factors such as changes in policy in 2023, non-net excess market expectations are taken into account.
(a) Shipping and electricity operations have increased considerably and industrial chain synergies have continued. Companies have achieved cumulative shipping freight volumes of 153 million tons in 2023, i.e., +12.2 per cent per year; turnover of 16.47 billion tons per year, i.e. + 23.3 per cent per cent per year;
The main reasons for this increase, as well as the increase in the volume of operations on long-range routes, and the increase in the volume of electricity generated and sold on the same basis, are the increase in demand for electricity for the entire community and the increase in electricity generated by the new loader fleet.
At a recent press conference, the State Finance Committee of the State Council stated that it would further study the incorporation of market value management into the performance appraisal of executives of companies and transmit confidence in a timely manner through increased holdings, buy-backs, etc.
As a coal core, the market value management test is expected to further enhance the company’s efforts to enhance investment efficiency management, improve disclosure, and focus on shareholder returns. The annual interest forecast, with low risk-free interest rates, is still more attractive.
\triangleright takes into account the high attractiveness of the company's dividends and the future or inclusion of market value management in the appraisal, has an upward valuation expectation and maintains the company's “buy-a” investment rating.
Macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected; coal prices are higher than expected downside risks; production-generation risks; \triangleright electricity demand is insufficient, railways and shipping costs increase, among others.
Table 2: Companies with quarterly revenues, costs and Māori (pre-combined offset) (in millions of dollars) as a reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status or beliefs in the course of my practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.