In the long run, the re-establishment of the value was justified by a year-on-year increase in the performance of 23 q4 on 23 March 2024, resulting in an increase in the non-purchasing ring ratio. 23 q4 achieved a net return profit.
1. China ' s Shunhua (601088.sh) incident review: the approval of a mining licence for New Street I and Second well, with a medium-term incremental period of 20-2023 for special reserve charges, off-the-shelf expenses and income tax fees, have an impact on profits and profits.
Review: Deduction of non-net gains meets expectations, fundamentals + policy resonance Increases in the share of power generation in the structure. Under the International Accounting Standards for Enterprises, the company achieved a net return profit in 2023.
The reserve accounts and use affect the company’s current profits, but do not affect cash flow, and the company’s ability to operate is stable. Moreover, due to the company’s special regulation of coal resources, external donations, 4.
Expenditures, such as carbon trading, increased by 118.6 per cent over the year; due to the company component in 2022: performance was robust and the controlling shareholders increased their holdings highlighting the development letter Coal subsidiary remitted tax over the prior year at the time the company ' s income tax was settled, offset by current income tax, 2023
5. China’s semi-annual reporting point for 2023 (601088.sh) Increases in the annual income tax costs compared to the previous year, which have to a certain extent contributed to the company’s performance.
On the other hand, in 2023, the total profits of the company ' s coal, power generation, transport and coal-chemical branches (before the merger) were taxed, and the proposed gold dividend was about RMB 44.903 billion (including taxes), representing a high-dimension red base for the Chinese Chamber of Enterprises in 2023, with an outstanding dividends allocation value.
Coal sales have grown steadily and are expected to benefit from the upward shift in coal prices. 1) Marketing: 324.5 million tons of coal produced by companies in \triangleright in 2023, an increase of 3.5 per cent in the same year; 450 million tons of coal sold, an increase of 7.7 per cent in the same year.
The main reason for this increase is the increase in the sale of coal. In the marketing structure, the annual head office share of the company was 57.5%, an increase of 3.5 pct. 2) Prices and costs of sale: combined sales of coal for the company ' s goods in 2023 were 584 yuan/tonne, a decrease of 9.3% per cent in the same year; sales of self-produced coal units were 548 yuan/tonne, a decrease of 8.2% in the same year; and the cost of self-produced coal units was 179 yuan/tonne in the same year.
Tons, an increase of 1.5 per cent in the same year, of which labour costs and repair costs decreased by 16.5 per cent and 9.9 per cent respectively, while old amortization and other costs (safe production costs, open-air mining excavities) increased by 9.7 per cent and 13.9 per cent, respectively.
In 2023, the average price of coal for 5,500 powerpower was about 980 yuan/tonne, a decrease of 23.7% in the same year, while the average price for long-term contracts for coal was about 714 yuan/tonne in the same year, a decrease of only 1.0%, and the annual annual increase in the CSA rate effectively smoothed the fluctuations in performance associated with the movement of coal prices.
This has led to further tightening of coal supply, a robust build-up of heat and power demand, a definite increase in coal demand, a significant gap in demand and demand for coal under economic neutral assumptions, a higher degree of certainty in coal prices, and an increase in corporate combined sales prices, which has contributed to the release of power performance.
In 2023, mining licences were obtained for the company ' s new wells and second wells to supplement the coal mine, the Shanghai Coal mine, the Manley mine and the Haruso mine. The mining rights have been changed and new mining licences have been obtained.
Up to 8 million tonnes/year approval is granted by the National Mine Safety Inspectorate, and coal mining applications, such as Li Jia Trung and Victor I Open-Zien, are moving forward in an orderly manner. In addition to the remaining 3-40 million tonnes/year capacity of the new street at the New Plateau, companies are planning to acquire the shareholding state energy group geese mining and Hang Jin energy.
100% equity, involving a total of 1.33 billion tonnes of coal minerage and 20.7 million tonnes of coal capacity per year. The company currently has a total of 60.7 million tonnes of potential coal production, which will be accompanied by future asset acquisitions and the gradual completion of new street mining areas, with long-term risks of a company ' s resource renewal and a steady increase in the scale or volume of coal operations.
In \triangleright, the benefit of the Guangdong Fares project (2x1000mw) and the Hunan Yang Power Plant project (2x1000mw) was reduced by 1.0 per cent per annum; the unit cost of electricity sold was 363 yuan/megawatt hours, a decrease of 4.7 per cent per annum.
The main reason is the decrease in the price of coal-fired purchases. 3) Utilization of power generation equipment: in 2023, the company's coal-fired generator unit used an average of 5221 hours, 270 hours more than the same year, considering that the country's 6,000 kW and above power plants are far away and that the yang unit is operating at 23q4, and we expect the company's power generation to be maintained in 2024.
In the future, with increased capital investment in the company’s electricity business and faster air fleets, the coal-based power supply will increase further, contributing to greater corporate performance stability. Transport plates will continue to expand in size and overall profitability will decline.
\triangleright completes its own rail transport turnover of 30,941 million tons, an increase of 4.0% over the same period.
113.76 billion yuan, representing a 14.5 per cent decline in the same year. 2) Ports: In 2023, the company completed a cumulative shipment of 255.3 million tons of coal at the port of Huang Yu and the Senghua Tianjin Coal, an increase of 2.0 per cent in the same year. The port operation achieved an increase of 12.2 per cent in tons, and shipping turnover of 16,471 million tons of nautical miles, an increase of 23.28 per cent in the same year.
Coastal shipping prices have been affected by a year-on-year decline, with companies achieving operating gains of 46 million yuan, or 92.8 per cent less. Overall, the volume of transport operations has continued to grow and overall profitability has declined.
\triangleright tons, 4.7 per cent lower than the previous year; polypropylene sales, 34.15 million tons, 0.3 per cent more than the same year, with a selling price of $5908/investment proposal: company coal, medium-term yield increase, electricity distribution increase, and prices are expected
During the \triangleright period, the “recommended” rating was maintained when the value was re-established in the market value management appraisal.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.