I'm sorry, baby, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
chinashenhuaergy company(csec)'smediumandlong-termgrovethisin billiontons, withanin-producationcapabilityof350milliontonsandanassequityMarketdata
I'm going to have to go with you. I'm going to go with you. I'm going to go with you. I'm going with you. I'm going to go with you. I'm going with you. I'm going with you.
Profitperton (rmb30.3bnin2022). intermsofproducationcapability, csecplansto aquitcoalminingassetssofthegroup (20.7millitons/year), andplanstobuld thexjietagemiaminingarea (planneedproductioncapacitof56millitons/year)
In the future, it's 86% above-termagrement.
I'm not sure what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
I'm here to tell you that you're not going to be able to do anything about it, but you're not going to be able to do anything about it.
Hermalpowerunitswere4,379hours, whichis11.6% higherthanthentationalaverage, and theweightedaveragepriceofletricitywillreach 0.416yuan.inadddition, the company'smainpowerplantsalecatestatecountrymines, alongrailwaysanddirect
We've got to get out of here and get out of here and get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here.
platwillbuputinfoperationin2023-2025, withatotafmorethan 7.5 million kilowattsofnwinstaledcapability.soochowsecuritiesinternational
The valueofhighdividassessishiglighted, and theabundantcashfllowraces brokeragelicedappreciates the Expectativeofsspecialdividends. From 2014 to 2022, csec'serviceannual
83% by dividendreteis, Farexceeding theindustryaverageof44.34%. Thedividendyeld soochowresearchinstitute, andin
I don't know if I'm the only one who's gonna be able to do this, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it.
Stillhasnearly 40% roomtorise.inaddition, csec'sdissitecasecasexpedto lanqi.exceedrm100bnin2023.theabundantfllowfacestheexpeculationofspecial
We're not talking about this, we're not talking about it, we're talking about it, we're talking about it, and we're talking about it, and we're talking about it, and we're talking about it, and we're talking about it, and we're talking about it, and we're talking about it, and we're talking about it, and we're talking about it, and we're talking about it, and we're talking about it, and we're talking about it, and we're talking about it, and we're talking about it, and we're talking about it.
risks: securityincidentsrisks, effective production proposal, Fluctuation project primes, Fluctuationofmacroeconomics.
China's 601088 steady profit runs through the cycle of cattle and bears, and the high-value coal giants meet Lee Yunzawa.
In terms of capacity, the company plans to acquire two coal mine assets in the group (20.7 million tonnes/year) and to add up to a future plan for the construction of a new street Temple site (56 million tonnes/year of planned capacity), which will allow the company to grow in the medium to long term.
The company’s share of coal sales is as high as 86%, so prices fluctuate far below market levels. In a pessimistic scenario, we estimate that when the port price falls to $871 per tonne, the net profit from the company’s parent will fall to $62.3 billion, at a time when the company is still better profitable and more stable.
The company currently has 4,035 thousand kilowatts installed, 60% of which are located in provinces with power shortages, with better electricity demand and high electricity prices. Thus, in 2022, the company's fire unit used 4379 hours, up from the national average of 11.6%, and a weighted average price of 0.416 yuan.
In addition, the company’s main power plants are located in coal mines, along railways, and in shipping areas, with a 78% self-supply of coal, with lower coal consumption costs. The company continues to deploy fire-power assets to enhance its risk-resistant capacity, and we expect to start production in 23-25 years at the Hunanyang power plant, the Guangdong remote power plant, etc., with a combined additional equity capacity of over 7.5 million kilowatts, an increase of over 20%.
Compared to the company ' s interest rate of 4.32% at a time of market downturn in 2018 and the same date scale for the Yangtze power that is also stable in operation, the profit forecast and rating: the company ' s business model is unique, both domestically and internationally, and is a relatively scarce resource-oriented coal power integration company.
The report is supported by professional research and analysis, particularly thanks to Monxiang and Liao Qiki for their guidance. The company, which is both a stable growth and a high-value-avoidance feature, covers the first time that a “buy-in” rating has been given.
The entire industrial chain of the “coal circuits” is laid out to operate the moat's deep river company, based on coal production and sales, actively deploy downstream power, railways, ports, shipping, coal-chemicals, etc., and gradually construct “coal production - coal transport (railway, port, shipping) - coal conversion (power generation and coal-chemicals)”
In terms of resources, as of June 2023, corporate coal holdings amounted to 32.74 billion tons and can be extracted 13.53 billion tons, with the resource reserves being the highest in the country.
China’s Senghua coal reserves are estimated at 1.53 billion tons of recoverable coal and 313 million tons of production in 2022, and its coal business is expected to operate for more than 40 years. The company controls large-scale, high-capacity coal-fired units, and actively promotes new energy generation.
Power-loading machines are based on coal power, with 17 coal-fired power plants, including 16 in the country and 1 overseas. At the same time, the company focuses on clean energy development, with one gas-fired power plant and one hydroelectric power plant, and has been investing in wind power and photovoltaic projects in Shanxi, Jiang Zing, two lakes, and so on. By the first half of 2023, the company controlled and operated generator assembly capacity.
In the case of railways, the public railway network is built around the main coal base and currently operates 10 railways with a total business distance of approximately 2408 km. In the case of ports, the company controls and operates a number of integrated ports and docks, such as the Huang Yui port, the Tianjin coal terminal, the Pearl Sea coal terminal, etc.
In the area of shipping, the company has a fleet of about 2.18 million heavy tons of its own vessels, with an annual shipping capacity of 136 million tons. A well-developed railway, port, shipping network has effectively reduced the cost of shipping coal to companies, and the advantages of producing coal have been highlighted.
The company's coal-based industrial block products include polyethylene (about 300,000 tonnes/year), polypropylene (about 300,000 tonnes/year) and other small by-products.
All are supplied within the group, coal transport and out-of-product transport use railway lines to ensure the supply and delivery of raw materials.
Since 2021, factors such as extreme weather and the Russian-Turkish conflict have further exacerbated the shortage of basic energy sources, such as coal, and the sharp rise in coal prices around the world as a result of the sharp increase in demand and supply. Since 2023, domestic coal prices have fallen, as a result of the impact of imported coal shocks, but they have remained high.
Since 2017, companies have promoted the establishment of a pricing system for coal in the medium- and long-term contracts with “base price plus floating price”, with uniform pricing for internal and external customers, and three pricing mechanisms for annual, monthly and spot prices, including “annual long-term agreement price = 675*0.5 + (all)
The National Coal Exchange Centre's CPI + the Sea Power Coal Price Index +ctd The Royal Qin Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Price Index *0.5/3.” For the last five years, the Co-Chairman's Co-ordination of Coal sales has remained at around 80%, with a total of 188 million tonnes of Coal sales, or 86% of the total Coal sales.
For the power generation industry, the cost of fuel per unit of the fire power plant increased considerably, and the national price index of electricity and coal increased by 35% in 2017. But the company power division increased the cost of fuel.
Benefiting from the full use of long-term agreements for the purchase of their own electricity and coal, the cost per unit of fuel sold is generally lower than the market price of coal, with effective hedging cost pressures. In 2022, the cost of a unit of fuel for electricity generation was 0.271 yuan per kilowatt hour, ranking in the industry. The company’s business model is unique, both domestically and internationally, and is part of a relatively scarce resource-oriented coal integrated company.
From three angles, we give a value assessment to the company: from the pe valuation method, we expect a net return profit of $633,651,662 million in space for 23 to 25 years, respectively. Thus, taking into account the company’s stable growth and high dividends avoidance attributes, we cover the first time a “buy-in” rating is given.
This report is presented in a diligent, independent and objective manner, with all the views contained therein accurately reflecting my personal views on the securities or issuers mentioned; my specific proposals or views contained in this report are past, present or future, no.
Past performance is not considered an indicator or a guarantee of future performance, nor is it correct.