An event: 22 March 2024, the annual report was released and the company became operational in 2023.
Revenue of $343.074 billion, a 0.42 per cent decline in the same year, resulting in a net return profit of $59.694 billion, a 9.13 per cent increase in the same year, a single quarter return of $11.425 billion, a 8.86 per cent increase in the same year, a decline in the ring scale Coal plate: lower sales growth prices, better cost-side controls and more stable profits
Tons, a 2.9% decline in the same year; monthly CITA prices, a 7.4% decrease in the same year; coal, an average sale price of 584 yuan/tons, a 9.3% decrease in the same year; and high proportion, an effective reduction in the volatility of coal prices. At this level, the cost of self-produced coal per ton was 179 yuan/tons in 2023, an increase of 1.5% in the same year.
The increase is mainly due to increases in depreciation and amortization (+9.7 per cent) due to the increase in coal mine production equipment and long-term amortization costs, increases in depreciation and amortization (+9.7 per cent), increases in other costs (+13.9 per cent) due to increases in the cost of safe production and excavation fees of the Commission (+13.9 per cent), and better controls in terms of labour costs and maintenance costs.
Power plate: Coal power and the sale price increase, with lower coal-fired costs leading to a profit increase The company achieved a total of 212.26 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity generation in 2023, an increase of 5.5% over the same period
The average number of hours used to generate electricity increased by 4.5 per cent from the same year, the cost of coal combustion was 412 yuan/megawatt hours, a decrease of 1 per cent from the same year, and the capacity of the installed power generation was 44634 megawatts (MW), an increase from the additional photovoltaic capacity of 333 MW.
Transport and Coalification Sections: The higher cost has led to a different degree of decline in the profits of the business sections
Itd grew by 9.5 per cent, resulting in a 11.9 per cent decline in total profit on a year-on-year basis; the port branch generated a small increase in business income on a year-on-year basis.
4.8 per cent long, with total profits rising by 2 per cent over the year, despite cost increases; 20.1 per cent lower operating income and 85.8 per cent lower total profits for the shipping division due to lower average maritime prices; and 4.4 per cent lower operating income for the coal industry branch due to lower average sales prices for polyolefin products.
On 22 March of the year, a mining licence was obtained for a new well and a new well in the temple mine in Inner Mongolia, which are important for the continuation of the company’s coal resources.
The mining rights of the first mine and the Harusu open-air mine have been changed and new mining licences have been obtained.
In addition, in June 2023, the company announced plans to acquire fully-owned geese from the National Energy Group, mining and Hang Jin energy, including geese-south mines and open-air mines from the Zani River, with a capacity of 10.7 million tons per year. As of 2022, two coal mines had a capacity of 410 million tons, and commercial coal production was completed in that year.
With the injection of assets and the gradual commissioning of the mines under construction, the company's coal business is expected to grow beyond production and contribute to steady performance. In addition, there are three mineral concessions for the Great Goose (the reserve well for the eastern part of the Imin River, the second well for the eastern part of the Imin River, and the outer edge of the eastern part of the Imin River) that are expected to do so.
In 2023, the company actively promoted \triangleright.
Construction of a clean and efficient coal power unit, the Hunan Yooyang project, unit 1, 2 and the Guangdong Qingfang project, unit 1, 2 are moving on. Deepen the coal power unit's “three changes” and promote green low-carbon transformation development.
Thousands of kilowatts; electricity and coal consumption decreased to 294.9 g/kWh (2022: 296.7 g/kWh) by 1.8 g/kWh. Further expansion of renewable energy business development channels and increasing investment.
As of the end of 2023, the Sino-Chinese Group had launched 77 photovoltaic projects with a total installed capacity of 512 megawatts, of which 395 megawatts were operated externally.
The company issues an annual profit distribution scheme, each share of which represents the net profits attributable to its shareholders under the China Enterprise Accounting Standards for 2023.
The announcement of the “Rewards” initiative states that the company will pursue a consistent policy of positive returns to shareholders, taking into account factors such as the development phase, operating efficiency, capital expenditure plan, cash flow position, balance short-term and long-term benefits, and insist on providing investors with a sustainable and relatively stable cash share
Red. In the long run, the company will either maintain the concept of high dividends to shareholders, forward investment values, profit projections and investment ratings: looking back at the market, we think the power coal price adjustment is a low-yielding \triangleright
As a result of normal changes, coal demand continued to support the price of the Association in 2024, and market prices were temporarily not subject to unilateral downswings, either as macroeconomic warming or as support for coal prices. Meanwhile, electricity consumption is expected to continue to increase throughout the society, and the trend towards rising electricity prices by companies is expected to continue.
The company’s high level of ownership and the integrated operation of coal ports have led to a high level of stability in operations, a combination of high cash, high dividends, and long-term investment values. Uncertainty about policies in the coal, electricity-related industries, safety of production in coal mines, etc.
Mr. Zhog Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Society of Geology and Minerals Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of Industry of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and presided over the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development
Planning research, revision of technology policy in the coal industry and enterprise-related consultancy projects. In June 2016, the U.S.S.S. Securities Research and Development Centre was responsible for research in the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it was responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunjing, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and a Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University, formerly a member of the Heunging Securities Economy.
He's a doctor in mining, a senior engineer and Minister of Investment and Operations of the Second Sub-Canadian Company of the China Coal Industry Group. He worked for years in coal mining, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects, business management, etc., and joined the letter in June 2022.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States of America, has three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, in fictional research on applications for power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity research.
In July 2022, she joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, U Bo-Jilling University, and in July 2022, she joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the coal industry. Lee, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the coal industry.
Li Dong, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry. Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Bachelor of Financial Science, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2023 for research in natural gas and electricity.
Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal industry, which is directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of clients. The report is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above, and is not intended to be published to the public.
The initial date of presentation of the views and judgements indicates that the prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance in relation to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria, different views and analytical methods have been used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.