Coal/power growth performance is robust, market-market management is strong, high-scoring expectations are strong, and market-market management is strong and high-scoring expectations are strong.
In combination with performance forecasts and lower coal prices, we have revised our profit projections downwards, with a year-on-year increase in the sale of coal and electricity, with an improvement in the q4 ring ratio. Coal operations: 325 million tons of commercial coal in 2023, +3.5 per cent in the same year: 450 million coal sales.
Tons, +7.7 per cent of the same year, a single q4 can see a commodity coal production of 83 million tons, ring + 1.5 per cent; coal sales 56.3 billion kilowatt-hours, ring equal; total electricity sales 52.92 billion kilowatt-hours, ring + 0.7 per cent.
Recently, at a press conference, the State Finance Committee of the State Council stated that it would further study the integration of market value management into the system’s working sessions in the United States of America and China, emphasizing the investor-oriented concept. The State Finance Committee of the State Council then again indicated that it would be able to launch a full market value management test for listed companies on a pilot basis.
It was stated that the market value management test requirements would be actively implemented to continuously optimize corporate governance and shareholder returns by promoting effective investment, enhancing value-creation capabilities, enhancing the credibility and exchange of investors. We believe that companies, as champions, are good in governance, focused on shareholder returns, and have a stable and sustained high proportion of their performance in market value.
As a result of the regulatory review, the company responded positively and is expected to increase its share of the dividends further, with a sustained high interest rate.
At the same time, the company actively expands downstream power generation operations, using the cyclical volatility of the coal power industry to achieve hedges and effective coal ironing, and refers to Coal & Power Increases for Improved Performance, High Scores and Shareholders.
The value increases are 3.06 and 5.74 times higher than the net profit returns in the third quarter of 2023, and we have a strong red mark -- the company reports half-yearly.
It is argued that companies have a stable profitability, a high share of red money and a positive willingness to do so, and are expected to continue to do so in the future, with a high percentage of red 2023.8.28 and a high value of long-term investments, and that the valuation is expected to continue to rise.
O1 Performance Good, High Scores and Start Cash Acquisitions - Corporate First Quarterly Assessment Report