The deduction of non-net interest is in line with expectations, Basic + Policy Resonance Support Company ' s value recast 30/01/2024: On 30 January 2024, the company issued a performance announcement for 2023.
\triangleright 23q4 net profit from non-repatriation is expected to increase by the same ring.
Non-recurrent gains/losses, higher performance in power generation operations, lower coal prices, lower transport operations.
Growth in the same ratio; 2) increase in the return on investment to associated enterprises on a year-on-year basis. Depreciation factor: 1) Decrease in profits of coal branches on a year-on-year basis due to factors such as lower average sales of coal; 2) increase in the number of railway repairs.
The excess tax paid by the company's coal subsidiary in the previous year was offset by the tax paid by the company in the year when part of the company's coal subsidiary was remitted to pay the enterprise's income tax for the current period 4. The tax earned by the Chinese dynasty (601088.sh) for the semi-annual year 2023 was increased in 2023 by the same year.
Performance forecast: The sales of coal electricity have increased steadily, and income tax has increased by \triangleright billion yuan. The difference between China’s and international corporate accounting standards is that companies are related to the relevant agencies of the Chinese government.
In 2023, we calculated that the company expected to charge $4.9 billion, with a low level of activity. The withdrawal and use of the reserve affected the company’s current profits, but did not affect cash flow.
In 2023, the company increased its coal-electrification operations on a year-to-year basis. According to company operating data bulletins, 2023, 1) coal: the company achieved 324.5 million tons of commercial coal production, an increase of 3.5% in the same year; coal sales amounted to 450 million.
The rail transport turnover was 30,940.0 billion tons, an increase of 4.0 per cent over the same period; the port of Huang Xiao and the Tianjin coal terminal combined to load 255 million tons of coal, an increase of 2.0 per cent over the same period; shipping freight, 152.9 million tons, an increase over the same period; cash with robust + high performance; and the company ' s high dividends. The company ' s current coal-planning capacity is 76.7 million.
\triangleright tons, including 20.7 million tons of planned capacity in the geese coal industry and Hang Jin energy equity, and 56 million tons of planned capacity in the New Street mining areas, thus addressing the issue of company resource continuity and guaranteeing stable medium- and long-term productive capacity, long-term, long-term, long-term, long-term and yang-haired
The electricity project was also launched in 23q4 and is expected to contribute to an increase in performance in 2024, with a steady expansion of transport operations and a more robust corporate performance as a whole. By the end of 23q3, the firm ' s net cash level was first in the industry, with a negative asset ratio of 7.06 percentage points to 24.72 per cent lower than the end of 23h1, and capital expenditure has declined steadily in recent years.
The growth of controlling shareholders highlights development confidence, and the re-establishment of the value of the NCC’s Market Value Management and Support Corporation. Keys \triangleright, which recognizes confidence in the company’s future development and the value of long-term investments, is a country’s energy investment by shareholders.