Second well mining licences were granted, first new street, incident: on 4 February, the company announced that a mining licence had been granted for the first and second new street.
According to the Natural Resources Department of the City of Ordos in the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, the company has limited responsibility for energy in Shinhua Xinse Street.
The licence contains 8 million tonnes/year of production, and the mine area is 70.28 km2 for 30 years (from 1 February 2024 to 1 February 2054); the permit for the mining of the new street 2nd well is 8 million tonnes/year and the mine area is 67.12 km2 for 30 years (from 1 February 2024 to 1 February 2054).
The New Street Mine addresses the problem of resource continuity and guarantees medium- and long-term productive capacity. The New Street Temple Mine is located in the city of Oydós and is the only large, undeveloped, whole coal field in the heart of Jinjong. It covers an area of about 800 square kilometres, with a resource reserve of about 15.3 billion tons, with a total initial construction of 56 million tons/year.
New Street 2 is the first opening of the New Street Temple site and is a priority project of the National Energy Group's 14th Five-Year Plan, which is located in the towns of Zasak and Hongqing, respectively, with a resource reserve of 1,374 million tons and 1,159 million tons, with a capacity of 719 million tons, 692 million tons, and 64.3 million years of service and 61.8 years of service in May 2022.
The Ministry of Natural Resources of Mongolia approved the separation of prospecting rights in the northern district of the Temple of Tegná, issued a new street, first well and second well certificates of prospecting rights, and has now been granted a mining licence for the two mines, the project is well under way and, according to the company ' s construction plan, the two mines are expected to be completed by 2026.
In addition to the tons/annual capacity, the company announced in June 2023 that it was planning to acquire 100 per cent of the shares in the geese mining industry and Hang Jin energy of the State Energy Group of Holding Shareholders, involving a total of 1.33 billion tons of coal minerables and 20.7 million street areas with coal production capacity, which are expected to increase steadily in the size of the company ' s coal operations.
Review: Deduction of non-net gains meets expectations, fundamentals + policy resonance, robust performance + high dividends, re-engineering of corporate value for market value management support companies.
2. China ' s Shunhua (601088.sh) incident rating: up in the distance, electricity operations were clear, Yooyang ' s power generation project was launched in 23q4 and expected to contribute to an increase in performance in 2024, transport operations were steadily expanding and overall performance was relatively robust. As of the end of 23q3, the company was net cashing up.
The three-quarterly report of China (601088.sh) in 2023 assessed that performance was robust, and that the growth of controlling shareholders highlighted the development promise, and that spending continued to fall, thus providing a high-scoring and red base.
The CEO of the Chinese dynasty said that the company would actively implement the market value management test, and that the company was expected to rely on 5. Chinese dynasty (601088.sh) for the year and a half 2023.
The “good performance + high dividends + policy plus” feature has continued to improve the valuation. Performance forecast: steady growth in sales of coal electricity, increase in income tax Investment proposal: approval of licences for mining on the first and second streets of the company, and increase in coal production in the medium term
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.