I'm talking about the cool tea industry and the rapid growth of the Gingo, the White Cloud Hills, the White Clouds Hills, the annual review.
1. Year-round growth is expected, and changes in cost settlement + interest income increases result in a significant fall in the cost rate during the period 1) $ 7,769 million for good health, i.e. +0.01 per cent, the same level as in 2015. The advance bill is 1.55 billion, i.e. an all-time high of +59.3 per cent, and 737 million new q4, the majority of which is expected to come from Wang Gianji's pre-receipt dealer pre-spend pre-spring reserve for spring festival, and the impact of revenue recognition points is expected to be eliminated.
The increase in real sales over the 16-year period was about 10%. The decline in Māori in high health was mainly due to a change in the way companies settle fees, using the freight charge to account for operating costs, resulting in a decline in Māori rates. The R$6906 million, or +2.18 per cent, was realized for the GWP, with Gingo showing a bright annual sales income of over 400 million yuan (about 71 per cent same year), sales volume of over 63 per cent, other major varieties of kidney-bearing pills,
In terms of costs, sales costs are approximately $3.824 billion, or 8.26 per cent, mainly due to a change in the manner in which the costs are settled, resulting in the cost of commodity offsets.
Advocacy fees were significantly reduced: the management cost rate was the same as in 2015, while interest income for the entire 16-year period was $122 million, compared with +87 per cent, and the increase in interest income resulted in a decrease of 0.37 percentage points in the fiscal cost rate over the previous year. The overall cost rate was 25.79 per cent, a decrease of 3.08 percentage points over the 15-year period, net profit contribution rates were expected to increase further, profit release was expected to accelerate.
Following the split-up between Wang Jig and Gado, the current cold tea market has formed a two-tier pattern, and two lawsuits have been completed, with a clear distinction between packaging, advertising, trademarks, etc., and competition in the cold tea market has slowed down and the industry has stabilized. Against this background, Wang Ji and Gado Po have largely stopped their price fights and reduced their costs by lowering prices, buying gifts, etc., and may be followed by packing replacements, product properties, etc.
At the same time, when Gatau’s production lines, packaging, and extension fees are being dragged back by the introduction of cans, the company has increased its efforts to build Wang Ji’s brand (inflammation of popular art, film, television plays) and channels (3,000 fire pot-doors under contract), to upgrade its products (sugar-free, low-sugar concepts and thin high packaging last year) and to take back green box packagings, and it is expected that Wang Ji will accelerate the expansion and occupation of more markets in the future.
The company ' s strategic objective is to achieve 70% of the market share and 10% net interest rate by 2018, compared to the current rate of profit in the cold tea market (5.03%) and the net interest rate in the cold tea industry (up to 20%) and in comparable industries (in the case of Inde Luuu). The net interest rate for the product is expected to increase significantly by 16.60%. Wang Gian is expected to increase the market share by using platforming operations on the one hand.
In the future, the big health plate is expected to grow faster by more than two digits, and in the context of the company's gradual increase in the weight of its profit indicators, the profits are also expected to increase.
3- Gingo has accelerated or maintained a high growth rate of more than 50%, leading to a steady increase in the Nan Pharmacy Camp and an increase in the Māori Rate.
In terms of sales volume, the share of small wood-hull particles has remained stable. In terms of chemical drugs, the ratio was 4.41%, with Gingo showing an impressive performance and sales income of more than $400 million in 2016. In the 15 years following his listing, Jingo had received more than 200 million and an increase of about 71% in 16 years, and in the third place in the market share of the same product, it had accumulated better market slogans and higher prices.
Visibility. Kimgo’s distribution channels are mainly at the retail end. As the company’s retail distribution channels in the pharmacy are getting deeper and end-laying and promotion is accelerating, it is expected to continue to grow at a faster rate of over 50 per cent in the future, driving the steady growth of the Grand South drug plate and, as the high Maori variety’s golden-go-take ratio rises, the overall Māori ratio of the Grand South drug will rise.
Big health (mainly full-time subsidiary Wang Jing, flexible), Big Nam medicine (one dozen Chinese characters, whole chain of antibiotics, Viagra, like Jingo), Big Business (South China regional pharmaceutical business leader) and Big Medical Care (incubator) have changed in recent years as the cold tea industry has changed its pattern, and the good Wang Ji products are expected to pick up and take off in the future, while under the company's strategy to revive the Nanang drug, Kimgo, kidney-breeding pills, snubs and snubbles
At this point, we believe that the company is on the verge of a roll. Consider the company’s long-term growth, cover it for the first time, and give it a “recommended” rating.
Three years of experience in the securities industry, three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry.
He was a member of the third team core member of the crystal ball in 2015. Master of Pharmacology at Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology at Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology at Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics at Beijing University, and Master of Science of Kings Business School. He was a member of the first team core member of the Chinese Galaxy Stock Company, Min Seong of Securities, Xi An Youngsen Pharmaceuticals in 2016, first in the public list and second in the non-public list.
Research in the pharmaceutical industry focuses on the disaggregated areas of Chinese medicine, blood products, etc., and on investment opportunities arising from the transition to greater health across borders.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies