The company's performance is expected to accelerate, and its operating income has been rising steadily, with the Pharmacator plate rising more rapidly than in the first half of the year, and the pharmaceutical industry growing faster than in the first half of the year.
Looking back on the growth track. Benefiting from a significant increase in revenues from government subsidies, interest income, and so on, the company’s net profits have been growing faster. Net profits have declined slightly over the same period, mainly in relation to the poor performance of the pharmaceutical industry in the first half of the year, which is expected to recover significantly in the second half of the year.
We believe that the firm’s downward trend is clear, that large health businesses have a large elastic space, and that the pace of business development will be reflected this year. Marketing integration + priority variety development, and the potential for growth of the Great South tablets, will be significant.
\triangleright has a large stock of pharmaceutical industry product lines, with a large variety of Chinese medicines, complete antibiotic chains, and new and developed varieties like Gingo.
More than 70% of the proceeds from the sales of Gingo have reached $400 million, which is the second-largest species of companies after the thirsty pill. At the same time, a number of unique or potential varieties, such as living pills, Quinquin capsules, snake covet capsules, and child seven star tea, have been enriched by health insurance for the last 17 years.
There is much room for improvement in terms of integration, priority variety development, and there is still much potential for future growth in the Nan Pharmacies. Market shares and profitability are on the rise, and the Healthy Blocks have high performance elasticity \triangleright
Wang Jing's net profit of 432 million yuan, an increase of 10% over the same year, and a decrease of 3.63 percentage points in the Māori rate can be associated with increased promotions leading to higher costs, with some impact on both income and profits. It is expected that in the future, profit levels will likely rise as the competition with Cadobo for marketing stabilizes, while at the same time it is expected that in the North, where the former market is weak, such as in the North.
The company has also introduced low- and non-sugar-free products, upgraded its products, expanded to other beverages markets, such as walnuts, and continued to strengthen the company’s healthy industry. Coverage, with a “strongly recommended” rating, is expected to increase.
(b) Research assistant: Monszul Marko, graduated from the University of Nankai, entered civil securities in 2011 for strategic research. From 2014 to date, it has been converted to research in the domestic electricity industry.
Liu Xing, Research Assistant, Master of Clinical Medicine, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Ministry of Medicine, Beijing University, joined the People’s Student Securities in June 2015. Menzzu, Bachelor of Economics, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, and Fbba, Yangjiang School of Business, joined the People’s Security in 2016 for food and beverage research.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,