On August 28, 2025, China State Airlines issued its semi-annual report for 2025.
The q2 company realized operating income of RMB 40.7 billion, increasing market value on the same date.
1. China Air Company Review: Growth of Revenues through Volume Increases, Decline in Year-on-Year Passenger Transport: Revenue of 73.2 billion yuan, Increase in Year-on-Year Revenue by 60 million yuan, Increased Losses due to Movement Inputs, 2025.3.28
2. “China State Aviation Company: The demand for q3 travels is strong, with net profits falling only slightly by 3.77 billion yuan. The volume price appears to be 5.2 per cent higher than the figure for 2025h1 rpk, 6.2 per cent lower than for domestic routes, mainly due to pressure on commercial lines and reduced fuel surcharges;
3. " China State Aviation " , " China State Aviation " : demand increases by 0.41 yuan, or 3 per cent, in revenue from H1 " . (2) Shipment: revenues of 3.6 billion yuan, or 250 million yuan more than in the same year, of which 170 million yuan were added as a result of the increase in the capacity of the transport force, as a result of the increase in the revenue generated by the fleet.
The fall in oil prices contributed to an improvement in unit costs and a significant reduction in financial costs. 2025h1 was affected by the fall in prices, and the cost of operating the company’s per kilometer was 0.44 dollars, a decline in the same year.
The combined sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates decreased by 1.1 per cent over the same period, with a decrease in financial costs by 1.2 pct, mainly due to a decrease in interest expenditure (excluding the capitalization component) on a year-on-year basis, and a recorded exchange gain (net loss on exchange for the same period in the previous year).
A significant loss, with q2 estimating the rise in domestic nudity in the light season, a fall in oil prices, a 1.5 billion dollar increase in corporate Maori, a $600 million reduction in financial costs, a 240 million gain in the q2 net return to the mother, an increase of $1.35 billion in the same year.
Short-term benefits are counter-edged and medium-term benefits are optimized. The Civil Aviation Authority has held two meetings in the past two months to highlight the integrated management of “intra-curve” competition in the civil aviation sector, and in August the China Air Transport Association Convention on Self-regulation of Air Passengers was officially published, proposing that “no emissions” should be eliminated.
In the medium term, the supply growth in the industry has been maintained at a low-digit rate, while the number of passengers has remained high, constrained by the lack of orders and the capacity of aircraft manufacturers and upstream suppliers of spare parts.
Demand recovery has fallen short of expected risks, exchange rate fluctuations, oil price escalation risks, exposure to higher spread risks, security incident risks.