In mid-2025, China Air (60111.sh) reported that q2 was lost to the mother, waiting for the company to take back the promotion and utilization of the fleet: in the first half of the year, the company ' s fleet reached 934 aircraft, with a net increase of 4 aircraft.
The cost of the fare has been very profitable and the unit cost of the lower oil price has fallen. 1) Ticket price: 0.511, or 4.9 per cent, of the passenger km of the 25h1 national airline unit; of this, the domestic/international/regional ratio was 6.2 per cent/-0.8 per cent/+1.6 per cent, respectively, for the first half of the year.
2) Cost: US$ 0.441, corresponding to -2.2 per cent, of the US$ 25H1 ask unit cost; of this, US$ 601111.sh reported in 2024 that the annual average price of the oil was 13.5 per cent, resulting in a decrease in the cost of fuel per unit of the company; but engine maintenance stopped.
The recovery of international lines, a sharp recovery in passenger occupancy, a sharp rise in profits, etc., has dragged companies’ non-oil costs into the balance. Exchange gains were made in the first half of the year, with Thai aviation contributing mainly to investment returns.
China Air (60111.sh) reported in mid-2024. 1) Costs: RMB-0.4 per cent in the first half of the year against the dollar median exchange rate.
The profits have been significantly reduced, looking at future profit repairs in the billions, and the company’s financial costs have been reduced by $936 million the same year.
Sinda Securities Inc. 25h1 earned $2.41 billion in other gains, +7.8 per cent of the year, mainly from cooperative routes
A 17.9 per cent increase in the impact of the increase in the market share of the senior airline company, Kim Dynasty No. 127, Chen Wumenxi Street, in Beijing, Beijing.
The company intends to recapitalize the controlled subsidiary Shenzhen Air Equity with a total of $16 billion and a split of $200 million. For the first time, the Replenishment introduced a new investor, the National Navigation Synchronization increased by $2,082 million in cash, and after the Replenishment has been completed, the share of the State in Deep Air remains at 51.0 per cent.
Replenishment is expected to further consolidate the company’s advantages and market share in Hong Kong and Australia. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we expect companies to achieve a higher level of competitiveness in their actions by 2025-2027, and companies are expected to benefit significantly as industry leaders.
Overall, the company’s “growth” rating is maintained. Risk factors: travel demand is not as high as expected, fares are not as high as expected, oil prices are at a high risk of rising sharply, and the renminbi is at a significant risk of devaluation.
The major transport areas, such as shipping, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, which have been part of the external evaluation submitted by several provinces, have not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical observations or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the CSRC. This report has been prepared and published by the Sinda Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.