China National Airlines (60111.sh): q2 is a twister.
Regular and irregular domestic air passenger, cargo, mail and baggage transport operations; domestic and international official flight operations; net profit on aircraft holdings of $2,044 million and $238 million; losses in the first half of the year were mainly concentrated in q1,q2.
Management of operations; aircraft maintenance; inter-air carrier agents; ground services and air couriers related to main battalion operations; onboard duty-free goods; retailing of merchandise on board aircraft; air accident insurance
Risk sales agents; import/export operations. Billions of dollars, increased revenue by 1,361 million yuan due to an increase in the number of guests and decreased income by 3,765 million yuan due to a drop in the level of earnings.
In the first half of this year, national shipping has had some effect on price-side constraints, compared with the price increases that were evident last year. While the intake has continued to decline, we believe that it is normal that it is mainly due to lower fuel costs and an increase in the share of international routes that has led to a drop in passenger traffic.
An increase of 0.19 pc, with a decline of 0.77 per cent in passenger-kilometre earnings compared to the previous year. In comparison, the cost of the total equity/flowa share (million shares) of the international route compared to the domestic route was 0.304 dollars in the first half of the year, compared to 0.293 dollars in the same period last year.
However, the cost of fuel per unit decreased from $0.158 in the same period last year to $0.137 in the reporting period, in particular the sharp fall in oil prices in the second quarter, which led to a return in corporate profits of q2. The introduction of aircraft was cautious, and the supply side was expected to continue to grow at a low rate: in the first half of the year, the company brought in a total of nine aircraft, retreating.
The company plans to bring in 47 aircraft over 25 years and withdraw 18 aircraft. The projected net increase in the fleet will be concentrated in the second half of the year. There may also be cases where, as in previous years, it actually introduced significantly lower than planned.
Billions of yuan, in which it was recognized that the revenue from the investment in Thai aviation was 1,174 million yuan, an increase of 106 million yuan over the same period. Attention was drawn to the follow-up effects of the counter-introduction: since July, the counter-intra-intra-intra-intracurial volume has continued to receive attention at the national level, and on August 14, the Chinese Air Transport Association led the preparation of the " China Air Transport Association Self-regulating Air Passenger Transport " .
The Treaty was officially published with the aim of guiding the high-quality development of the industry, actively preserving a fair and orderly domestic air passenger transport market environment, and safeguarding the legitimate interests of consumers, operators, etc.
As our flag airline, a company that holds a large number of high-quality domestic and international routes, it is expected to benefit fully from the profitability elasticity of improved air fare prices. We maintain the company.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China National Navigation (601111.sh): q2 has achieved a loss, and attention has been paid to the effects of the anti-fibre follow-up, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China National Navigation (601111.sh): q2 has achieved a loss, and attention has been paid to the effects of the anti-fibre follow-up, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Cao Fung, Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, 9 years of investment research experience, 2015-2018, at the Open Securities Development Researcher's own research perspective. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.