The fall in oil prices eased the upward pressure on costs \triangleright and +1.6 per cent, resulting in a net loss of $1.81 billion for the mother (24h1 to the mother, $2.78 billion) and a net loss for the mother.
The price of domestic routes is equal to that of pressure, cost rigidity, but lower oil prices and financial costs and appreciation of the exchange rate contribute to the continuation of the domestic route as a trade-for-value feature, and companies are willing to adapt to the market to bring domestic customers back to the same level \triangleright \triangleright
Falling. In the first half of the year, domestic routes were under pressure from changes in the structure of industry demand and competition for fares, with the ratio of gross domestic product per kilometre - 6.2% and passenger rate per +2.2pcts, which we consider to be a proactive price-fixing strategy of companies in a price-sensitive market environment that stifled corporate revenue-side performance, and 1h25 companies.
The overall passenger revenue is the same, the domestic revenue is the same - 4.9 per cent. The unit cost of oil withheld reflects a certain cost rigidity, a year-on-year rise, and a drop in oil prices.
\triangleright Zhang  The main reason for the cost-end improvement is that the unit cost of withholding oil is still subject to some upward pressure.
The decline in the size of the dollar debt and the steady improvement in financial costs. The increase of 0.84 pct 10.8 per cent in the asset-liability ratio of 25h1 companies also helped to reduce interest expenditure, with interest expenditure by 25h1 companies falling by $375 million on a year-on-year basis, and the recognition of exchange rate gains of $176 million by 25h1 appreciation companies, which together contributed to a 27 per cent decline in financial costs on a year-on-year basis.
The company will maintain its shareholding and holding position after 2022. The subsidiary will remain insolvent after 2022. As of July 2025, Shenzhen's net air assets stood at $14.1 billion, and Shenzhen's proposed financing $16 billion this time, with 51% of the company's shareholding ratio.
We believe that this increase will enhance Shenzhen ' s ability to operate and enhance the competitiveness of the overall network of national shipping routes, with a total of $8.16 billion in the Shenzhen Air Replenishment, which will raise the capital strength of the subsidiary and maintain the company ' s holding position after the completion of the two replenishments, and will have a controlled impact on the cash flow of listed companies.
Investment Recommendations: Keep an eye on the recovery of industry prices at the bottom, but given the flat summer season price data, our \triangleright malfunction caused a massive shutdown.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.