The recovery of the international line boosted performance, leading the way to a one-season profit.
In 2025, h1, the company achieved operating income of 80,757 million yuan, i.e. 1.56 per cent of the year, i.e. 123.65 per cent of the year 2019; net return profit, i.e., $18,06 million, recovery of profits from leading passenger movements with international line recovery, and significant loss of net return to the mother. 1) End of income: q2 for the first time
The net profit on maternity was reversed, with passenger revenue accounting for 90.64 per cent of operating income. In 2025, h1, the company was operating, and Ryo Gangnam earned 80.757 billion yuan, a growth trend; the net profit on maternity in the second quarter of the company was 240 million yuan.
For the three main flights, the only one to lose was the passenger rate, which climbed to 80.72 per cent, compared to +1.43 pct, and passenger transport receipts, which amounted to $7.396 billion, representing 90.64 per cent of the business income of the battalion. Line ask, the same year, increased by 16.70 per cent, returned to 93.83 per cent in 19.) Cost end: volume increases in total operating costs, with unit costs continuously shrinking.
Medium unit fuel cost of $0.137, corresponding to 13.26 per cent, is broadly consistent with the drop in oil prices, which is the unit cost (3) at the cost end: significant reduction in financial costs. In 2025h1, company sales costs, management costs, financial operations data-leading industries took the lead in achieving a single-season profit.) At the demand end: domestic demand is more resilient.
On the demand side, passenger traffic has grown steadily, compared to supply and demand, and international demand has benefited from the “one-way” initiative, the “one-way” policy, and the international route subsidy policy. International demand has recovered at an accelerated pace, or has become a key growth point, especially for Europe and America and the “one-way” high-yielding voyage.
Lines. 2) Supply side: Fleet size leads Asia, broad body aircraft recovers in conjunction with international routes to build growth poles. Relatively deep 300 performance maps, by the end of the reporting period, the group operated 934 aircraft, making it the largest fleet in Asia.
The company plans to introduce 47/39/55 aircraft in 2025/26/27, while the fleet will continue to increase in size, while the national airline has a national lead in the number of broad-body aircraft suitable for long-range international airline operations. As international demand recovers, the company’s broad-body capacity is clearly superior and the trend is expected to continue.
On the other hand, China’s Air Transport Association’s Air Transport Self-Regulation of Passengers and Passengers in China’s Air Transport Association offers to help repair future profits.
The Pact, officially launched in August, will effectively promote the market in the short term from a “low price scandal” to a “quality premium”, malignant competition, and the restoration of short-term corporate profits; and, in the long term, through rule-based innovation, will drive the upgrading of the industry, driving a virtuous cycle of supply optimization, leading to a “high-quality service-high-trust experience-high-energy industry”.
Investment proposal: We maintain the previous profit projection. According to our projections, the company itself is expected to be committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
This report is provided to its clients by China Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities are not considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.