We're going to buy back the company's h shares, the dividends are over 7%, the value attributes, and the research assistant, Rowley, is going to buy back the company's h shares, and it's going to boost the ps.
According to the company announcement, in order to stabilize investors' investment expectations, preserve the interests of a wide range of investors and increase investors' confidence in the company's growth, the company proposes to buy back part of the company's h shares, not more than 10 per cent of the total issued h shares, and the repurchase price cannot be equal to or greater than
On July 6, 2020, the company issued an announcement, Central and Central Heavy: The Next Three Years (2020 - 2020)
On March 5, the report of the Government of the State Council states that the annual economic growth target is 5.5 per cent.
In the meantime, steady growth should be placed in a more prominent position, with modest ahead-of-the-board investment in infrastructure. In 2022, new local government-specific bonds were arranged at $3.65 trillion, and new special-purpose bonds were issued at $1.46 trillion in advance, with two funds totalling over $5 trillion.
This year, the pace of special debt issuance was clearly ahead of schedule and accelerated. According to the Chinese Securities Bulletin, in the first two months of 2022, a total of 877.5 billion yuan in additional local government debt was issued throughout the country, representing 60% of the “advanced” amount.
In the first half of the year, we are expected to focus on new debt, which began to be released only in March of 2021. The assessment is that $780 million is proposed to be invested in the acquisition of smooth technology holdings.
Powering reduces the full life-cycle cost of engineering machinery, shifts the value of the operational phase to the end of the manufacturing process, upgrades technology such as equipment software, and contributes to the expansion of the industry market.
Large, profit margin increases. Based on savings in operating costs, policy support advantages (e.g., over-e.g., three-quarters of the year: industry demand fluctuations plus ban on road, green cards, tax deductions, etc.) in the future to excavate machinery, concrete machines, etc.
The cost of raw materials rises, three-quarter performances, engineering machinery products such as machinery, electrodynamic penetration rates are expected to jump, short-term pressure 2021-10-31.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s net return profits from 2021-2023.