In 2021, the company achieved 67.131 billion yuan in its annual report for the year 2021, a year-on-year increase in growth in the engineering and machinery industry, due mainly to policy regulation and consolidation in the real estate sector.
The failure to invest in debt led to a decline in capital projects, while the engineering and machinery industry accounted for 95 per cent of the company ' s main business; 2) the price of raw materials went up and increased the pressure on business costs; 3) the investment in research and development continued to increase, with the company ' s R & D costs reaching 3,865 million yuan in 2021, a year-on-year increase.
Steady growth policies are moving forward to boost demand for engineering machinery. Since this year, steady growth policy effects (million shares) in total equity/flow have emerged, and economic data published by the National Statistical Office for January-February are stronger than market expectations.
From the point of view of total market value/flow (million yuan), investment in infrastructure construction (excluding electricity) in January/February of this year was the highest/lowest in 12 months compared to the same period last year
Similarly, according to the progress made by the Central and Central United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime in issuing the special debt line of the company, a total of 365,000 new local government bonds were created throughout the year.
The market position continued to rise, with 2021q1 performing for billions of dollars. No additional bonds were issued in the same period last year. This year, under a steady growth backbone, the base was kept high, and the core portfolio remained high.
Engineering machinery will be electricized or will become a new engine for industrial growth, with active attention to corporate progress.
In the broader context of the “carbon” goal, the electricization of engineering machinery has been on the move. By December 2021 - 2020/10/14, the company had accumulated more than 50 new energy products covering concrete pumps.
Cars, concrete mixers, car cranes, high-altitude platforms, excavators, mine cards, forklifts, emergency vehicles, agricultural machinery, new forms of energyization, including pure electric power, mixed power, hydrogen fuel, and a whole range of new energy-based products.
The amount is very large, many emission standards are relatively low, and electric alternative fuels generate huge demand for renewals. As electric pilot companies, companies are expected to gain more market share in the electric wave.
The year 2021 was the year of performance, the year of long-term corporate growth, the year of 2021 was the year of long-term corporate growth.
In 2021, performance was high on companies’ long-term development Industry studies were good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related sections. Eight years in the financial sector, representing the big trends in robots and so on.
In July 2019, he joined the Pacific Stock Exchange to study industrial fluctuations and seek certainty. In October 2021, he joined the Pacific Stock Exchange, which is a good combination of industry and bottom-up investment opportunities.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.