Core products are strong and emerging and overseas operations continue to break through \triangleright industry demand fluctuations, the cost of raw materials rises and performance short-term pressures.
\triangleright slowed down and the engineering and machinery industry was significantly affected, but corporate revenue continued to grow throughout the year without pressure. However, in terms of duration and demand intensity, the current industry was significantly higher than in the previous two cycles, and the environment was green.
By sub-products, cranes, concrete machines, as later weekly varieties, will continue to be at a high point of replacement for the next two years, with the hope that the relay excavators will expand the industry’s landscape. In terms of profitability, the company’s business quality will continue to improve as the price of raw materials drops, and the Maori rate is expected to return gradually.
In 2021, the company continued to become more competitive in the three products of concrete \triangleright machinery, engineering cranes, construction cranes, and maintained its market leadership.
In the new business, the company has created a two-stop shop in the field of earth-based machinery, with a substantial increase in sales and a steady increase in the market share of the company. In addition, the company has steadily increased its share in 2021.
The annual high-altitude platform sales revenue of $3.35 billion, an increase of 310.76% over the previous year, has been fully covered by 4-68 metres, making it one of the country’s most full-blown high-altitude equipment manufacturers, with a stable market share in the top three sectors.
The Division has accumulated over 50 new energy products, covering concrete pumps, mixers, car cranes, high-altitude platforms, excavators, mine trucks, forklifts, agricultural machines, etc., which form the entire range of new energy-based products.
1. In the context of the “double carbon” scenario, companies, as leading engineering and machinery companies, are expected to benefit fully from the dividends of electric motorization.
Deeply advancing the global “localization” strategy, with high growth in overseas revenues. In 2021, companies achieved offshore revenue of $5.79 billion, an increase of 51.05 per cent over the previous year, and made breakthroughs in overseas markets.
Two-wheel drive, fast-growing corporate performance Mass exports with cranes, concrete and crane equipment involved in the construction of the Javan High Iron Project, high-altitude platform agent 3.
In terms of manufacturing bases, European factories are officially inaugurated in Italy, towers and steams are forecasted: performance forecasts are increasing by the same year, old and new vehicle cranes and high-altitude operating platforms are locally produced and sold. In addition, companies are fully operational in Belarus.
Launching, radiating Eastern Europe and Central Asia, launching industrial parks in India, radiating the Middle East, and South Asia. As Chinese brands become more competitive off the sea, the prospects for overseas markets for engineering and machinery are vast, and there is great potential to be explored.
Upgrade, diversified layout and overseas operations open up room for growth and maintain a “recommended” rating. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.