CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
行 全 资 附
10%
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
BYD (002594 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Upside remains as bottom-line revised up
Target Price
RMB155.7
(Previous TP
RMB113.1)
Up/Downside
+19.3%
BYD announced that total auto sales volume achieved 42K units in Sep. an
Current Price
RMB130.5
increase of 3.6% YoY. Among these, NEPV achieved 20K units, an increase of
42.5% YoY/ 32.8% MoM. The Company raised its 3Q20E earnings guidance with
China NEV Sector
a new bottom-line range of RMB 3.4-3.6bn in the first three quarters of 2020E.
We have confidence in BYD's sales volume in the 4Q20E and remain optimistic
Jack Bai
about its performance in 2021E given its new product cycle. We raise our bottom-
line forecast by 7% to RMB 4.2bn in 2020E. Reiterate BUY rating and raise TP
to RMB155.7.
Robin Xiao
Benefited from the recovery of China's overall NEV market, BYD
achieved rapid growth in its NEV segment in Sep. BYD sold 42K units
(ICE+NEV) of auto in Sep, an increase of 3.6%YoY. Its NEV business has
Stock Data
rebounded back to a high growth path with a total sales volume of 20K units,
an increase of 45.3% YoY. Among these, NEPV achieved 19K units
(+42.5%YoY) whereas NECV achieved 1.3K units (+32.8%YoY). We believe
that the total delivery of model Han is in line with our expectations, with a total
volume of 5,612 units in Sep. We expect that the sales volume of Han will
Source: Bloomberg
continue to rise in 4Q20E as the production of the blade battery is ramping up.
In terms of ICE, sales reached 22K units in Sep, down 17.6%YoY.
Shareholding Structure
■ Sales volume of NEPV in 4Q20E is expected to be doubled YoY. Given
the cut-off day of NEV subsidy, 4Q is the traditional sales peak season for
Source: Company announcement
commercial-used NEVs. Affected by COVID-19, NEV demand from the to-B
side was postponed to 2H20E. As a result, we expect to-B side demand may
Share Performance
exceed market expectations in 4Q20E. On the to-C end, BYD has launched
its new model Tang DM and Song Plus since Aug. It is expected that the blade
battery version of Tang EV, e2, e3, together with Yuan EV (facelift version),
will be launched in the 4Q20E. We believe that a series of new models,
Source: Bloomberg
underpinned by production ramp-up of blade battery, will bring BYD's NEV
12-mth Price Performance
sales back to the high growth path in 4Q20E. We expect BYD will achieve
total NEPV sales of 67K units in 4Q20E, an increase of 102%YoY.
Earnings Summary
Auditor: Ernst & Young
Related Report
"BYD (002594 CH) - A shining
"BYD (002594 CH) - Expect high
growth of NEV in 2H20E - 1 Sep
"BYD (002594 CH) - Hidden giant
BYDE (285 HK) is expected to beat market expectations. For Apple
business, the iPad/Watch assembly components are on track. We believe that
BYDE has obtained a 20-30% share of the latest 2H20E iPad models, and it
will reach 30-40% of all iPad products by 2021E. As Apple will accelerate the
diversification of suppliers, we expect BYDE will expand to iPad metal casing
and gain share in iPhone/watch ceramic products in 2021E. In terms of
headset EMS, Xiaomi will offset the negative impact of Huawei in 2021E. In
order to mitigate the downside risks brought about by the Huawei ban, we
expect BYDE to expand EMS capacity for Xiaomi with share allocation to 40%
in FY21E (vs. 10-20% in FY20E). In addition, backed by Samsung/Xiaomi's
promising outlook in 2021, we expect strong demand for glass/ceramic casing
given rapid 5G adoption.
The Company revised up its 3Q20E earnings guidance. BYD revised its
performance guidance for the first three quarters from the previous RMB2.8-
3.0bn to RMB3.4-3.6bn, representing an increase of 116-129% YoY. It implies
the net profit will achieve RMB1.4-1.9bn in 3Q20E, an increase of 1352% to
1519% YoY. We believe it was mainly due to the recovery of the auto industry
and the introduction of new business in BYDE. We slightly lowered our full-
year revenue forecast by 3% to RMB 157bn to reflect the revenue adjustment
of BYDE. In the meanwhile, we raised our bottom-line forecast by 7% to RMB
4.2bn in 2020E to reflect the rise in profitability of the auto and BYDE business.
The Company plans to release 3Q quarterly reports on 29 Oct.
Continuous valuation boost from NEV segment; raise TP by 37.6% to
RMB155.7. BYD's share price has surged more than 37% since our
previous update (8 Sep). We think BYD's strong share price momentum
reflects re-rating on the NEV segment, as we expect current valuation
indicates ~2.5x FY21E P/S on forward-looking NEV sales. Based on the rapid
sales growth of BYD's flagship Han EV comparing with major NEV rivals, we
think the NEV segment's re-rating is not yet done. We lift our NEV P/S multiple
from 2.0x to 4.0x (vs. 7.0x from emerging NEV names) and boost our NEV
segment valuation by 89.1%. Our SOTP TP is raised by 37.6% to RMB155.7.
Maintain BUY.
Focus chart
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Earnings Revision
Source: CMBIS estimates
Figure 8: CMBIS estimates vs consensus
Figure 9: Revenue breakdown
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Figure 10: P&L breakdown
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Note:
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Note: *All numbers are based on A share financial statement
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.