CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
BYD (002594 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Momentum to maintain with NEV sales
Target Price
RMB223.8
(Previous TP
RMB155.7)
Up/Downside
+21.1%
BYD announced that total auto sales volume achieved 48K units in Oct, an
Current Price
RMB184.8
increase of 16.1% YoY. Among these, NEPV achieved 22K units, an increase of
83.1% YoY/18.5% MoM. The Company announced its 4Q20E earnings guidance
China NEV Sector
with a bottom-line range of RMB 4.2bn-4.6bn in 2021E. We believe BYD will
benefit most from recent improving sentiment on NEV, from both sales volume
Jack Bai
and market sentiment perspective. We raised our bottom-line forecast by 24% to
RMB 5.2bn in 2020E to reflect a higher ASP and GPM on auto segment.
Reiterate BUY rating and raise TP to RMB223.8.
Robin Xiao
■ BYD continues rapid growth in NEV segment in Oct. BYD sold 47K units
(ICE+NEV) of auto in Oct, an increase of 16.1%YoY. Its NEV business
remains on the high growth path with a total sales volume of 23K units, an
Stock Data
increase of 84.7% YoY. Among these, NEPV achieved 22K units (+83.1%
YoY) whereas NECV achieved 1.2K units (+123.2% YoY). We believe that the
total delivery of model Han is in line with our expectations, with a total volume
of 7,545 units in Oct. We expect that the sales volume of Han will continue to
rise MoM within the year as the production of the blade battery is ramping up.
Source: Bloomberg
In terms of ICE, sales reached 25K units in Oct, down 14.2% YoY/up 9.9%
MoM.
Shareholding Structure
■ 3Q20 achieved RMB1.75bn, an increase 1363% YoY, in line with the
Company's earnings preview. Among them, BYD Electronics (285 HK, BUY)
contributed approximately RMB1.22mn while other segments contributed
RMB527mn. We believe that a series of new models, underpinned by
Share Performance
production ramp-up of blade battery, will support the sales performance in the
short term. We expect BYD will achieve total NEPV sales of 45K units in Nov
& Dec, an increase of 112%YoY. We expect DM4.0 (expected rollout in
1Q21E) and new BEV platform (expected rollout in 2021 Shanghai Auto Show)
Source: Bloomberg
will further boost its NEV sales in 2021E.
12-mth Price Performance
Higher ASP and GPM raise the 2021E bottom-line forecast. We expect
that strong sales of model Han among its NEPV will increase to 20% in NEV
sales mixbased on our new calculation. Therefore, aggregate ASP for the
NEPV segment increased by 9% to RMB187Kin 2020. In the meanwhile, we
believe that BYD will continue to utilize its cost control advantage, driving its
improvement in GPM of auto segment. We therefore raised our 2021E
earnings forecast by 30% to RMB6.88mn.
Earnings Summary
Auditor: Ernst & Young
Related Report
"BYD (002594 CH) - Upside
remains as bottom-line revised up"
"BYD (002594 CH) - A shining
"BYD (002594 CH) - Hidden giant
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
■ Sentiment-driven re-rating on the NEV segment. BYD's share price
performed well exceed our expectation, while fundamentals were largely on
track with our projection. We think BYD's re-rating was mainly sentimentally
driven on an optimistic outlook for the NEV segment. Based on our SOTP
framework, we believe the market is currently pricing the NEV segment at a
5.5x FY21E P/S ratio. After peers' recent share price rally, we believe BYD's
NEV valuation is significantly lower than the peer's average of 10.1x FY21E
P/S. Based on FY21E NEV sales projection of RMB62.8bn, we expect 1) bull
case share price to trade up 8.9x P/S at RMB263, in line with Tesla (TSLA
US, NR)'s valuation in a thrilling market sentiment; 2) bear case share price
to trade down to 3x P/S at RMB145.7; and 3) base case valuation of 7x
P/S at RMB223.8, matching with peers valuation growth with 30% discount.
Our valuation revision reflects changes only on the NEV segment, and we
think other catalysts such as power batteries gaining external shipment could
boost valuation further. Our TP for BYD is revised up by 43.7% to
RMB223.8, maintain BUY.
Focus chart
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Earnings Revision
Source: CMBIS estimates
Figure 8: CMBIS estimates vs consensus
Figure 9: Revenue breakdown
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Figure 10: P&L breakdown
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Figure 11: Valuation comparison vs major NEV players
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Note:
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Note: *All numbers are based on A share financial statement
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.