The third quarter of 2024 was published by the company, and the net profit was increased by the expected increase in the net profit from the non-return to the mother.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved business income of $18.975 billion, compared to +31.13 per cent, and achieved a higher than expected return rate. The company, as a leading driver of automobile intelligence, was growing rapidly in the sale of the supporting vehicle, with significant excess performance and cost control, and its profitability improved quarterly.
In the first three quarters of 2024, high-end brand sales, such as the continued penetration of car intelligence and company-backed ideal brands, increased rapidly, leading to rapid growth in corporate performance, excluding the impact of non-recurring gains and losses in the first three quarters of 2024, and accelerating growth in corporate net profits.
• A sustained expansion of overseas markets and long-term development of the Growing Production Support Corporation (EAFC) Accelerated internationalization of the company, which has entered European, South-East Asian, Japanese and North American markets, new technology parks in Europe, started phase one, and international markets have continued to open up opportunities for growth. On the product side, the company is carrying Weida.
For the first time, the ipu14 of the thor chip, which was first made public, has received a number of pre-sets for cars, in addition to a 8775-class drive, a single central computing platform, a p-hud panorama showing further technological enrichment of the company's product matrix. Faced with the demand for orders that continue to be raised, the company announced on 7 September 2024 that no more than $4.5 billion would be used for production.
With the expansion of research and development projects, ICSID and the cockpit integration platform, there is a long way to go to build up the capacity of promising companies.
"As a quarter of a year of high growth, let's see the company grow in the long term - small and medium-sized information update" "Performance orders continue to grow and move to a global opening."
Growing Space - Small and Medium Disk Update