24q3 Performance over-expected product innovation continues to grow \triangleright Retrieval of profitable high-growth new orders is steadily increasing. 1) End-of-income: 7282 million in 2024q3 battalion
The \triangleright rate has fallen overall, and the financial cost ring has fallen significantly, and we expect it to be the result of a reduction in exchange losses.
\triangleright New, expanding new applications, new scenes, insisting on technological innovation to lead industry development: 1) High-level intelligent driving side, October 2024, first public display of company high-performance intelligent driving domain controller ipu14, mounted on board
1. De Cecives (002922.sz) Series I: Profited, best-thinking chip-driller thor in Invelda, supporting stage 1-3 conditional autopilots and some stage 1-4 autopilots, which are now scheduled by multiple firms; 2) one-stop drive, October 2024, 8775
The one central computing platform is officially visible, with a single chip multi-area integration solution, the first in-the-industry soc, which drives the programme fast down in one year. Companies continue to explore car intelligence, cutting-edge technology, industry depth insight and research and development volume experience, and are expected to lead industry change on a continuous basis.
The \triangleright division issues stock plans for a stock share to a specific audience, with a proposed increase of up to $4.5 billion, mainly for the Central and West Base Building Project (phase I), the Smart Automobile Electronics and Parts Production Project and the IQC and module.
Development projects for integration platforms. Optimizing the layout of regional production bases, upgrading numeracy, service capabilities, developing and enriching future product structures, and long-term growth of savings companies.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.