The silicon continues to be pressured and the transmission and expansion of power is accelerated, both in and out of the sea, by a special electrician (600089.sh) 25h1 performance rating on September 12th, 2025.
Specialized electricians (stock code: 60089.sh) return to their mother ' s net profit of 3,184 million yuan, i.e. 4.93 per cent of the year, minus non-net profit of 2,787 million yuan, i.e. 5.37 per cent of the year. Silicon profits continue to be under pressure. 25h1 new energy products and projects collect 6,315.0 million yuan, i.e. 37.92 per cent of the year.
Māori rate - 3.56%, corresponding to 8.41 pcts. The entire price of our polysilica is down, the type of re-investment is under pressure, and the industry is still in a state of constant loss. 25h1 produces 3.36 million tons of pure polysilicon.
The transmission of electricity has accelerated, both within and outside the world. The 2025h1 transformer product collects $13.366 billion, compared to the $5 billion that the international portfolio is implementing unacknowledged income contracts and pending contracts.
The company’s products and services are considered to be ecologically sound, special transformers, dry transformers, etc., are highly technologically appropriate, and are industry leaders in the area of ultra-high-pressure direct currents, creating competition with domestic and international leading firms, and many future operations continue to benefit from high investment in the domestic and external grids.
New energy power plants and coal are growing robustly. The new energy power plant in 25h1 collects 34.63 billion yuan, corresponding to about 135gw installed in the energy plant and in the light-voltaic plant construction project, with a cumulative capacity of 4.25gw installed as of the end of June 2025, with the company owning a new energy plant generating 4.536 billion kWh.
Coal sales have remained stable, compared to 4.71 pcts, and investment proposals: companies are strong in the transmission-to-power industry and energy industry-related business, and will be judged by the performance of the power-to-power (60,089.sh) super transformer (60,089):
I am committed to presenting this report independently and objectively and with diligence. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.