The National Energy Agency (NEA) has sent a letter on the verification of coal and mineral energy, the coal industry or the recovery of profits.
The National Energy Department recently issued a circular on organizing verification of coal production to promote a smooth and orderly supply of coal, which states:
Since the beginning of the year, coal supply and demand has been generally relaxed throughout the country, with prices continuing to drop, with some coal mining companies “to supplement them by quantity”, over-proclamation of production capacity, and serious disruption of the coal market order. This verification covers coal production in the provinces of Shanxi, Inner Mongolia, Anhui, Henan, Guizhou, Chenxi, Ningxia, Xinjiang, and Xinjiang.
Xinjiang is one of the areas where coal production is being verified, where the price of coal is expected to be stable, and where the sub-electric coal business is expected to benefit. Given that the “reverse volume” is expected to boost the price rebound in the multi-crysilica and coal industries, we have revised our profit forecast for 2025-2027.
Recently, the National Energy Department issued a circular on organizing the verification of coal production for the smooth and orderly supply of coal, which states that since this year, the country's coal supply and demand situation has been generally relaxed, prices have continued to fall, and some coal mining enterprises have been “updating their prices” and are over-proclaming their production capacity.
This verification covers coal mines produced in 8 provinces (regions) including Shanxi, Inner Mongolia, Anhui, Henan, Guizhou, Jinxi, Ningxia, Xinjiang, etc., which have entered the joint test operation for verification of coal mines by reference to coal production.
(b) In January-June of the year, whether the primary coal production exceeded 10 per cent of the declared capacity;
4) Coal mines and enterprises that are in violation of the law will be dealt with seriously. According to the National Statistics Office, production in Xinjiang amounted to 5.52 million coal in June 2025.
Tons, which grew by 24.3% over the same period; and production in January-June, which rose by 16.2% over the same period, saw a significant slowdown in the growth rate of Xinjiang in January-June 2025, compared to the same period last year. With demand slowing and production sustaining growth, Xinjiang ' s coal prices slipped significantly in the first half of the year, undermining the profitability of local coal enterprises.
By the end of 2024, the company’s authorized coal production capacity totalled 74 million tonnes/year. In 2024, the company’s coal business generated revenues of $19.26 billion, compared with the circular, which was a proliferation of “negative volumes” to the coal industry, helped to mitigate the imbalance between supply and demand in the coal industry and boost the profitability of coal enterprises.
Xinjiang is one of the areas where coal production is being verified, where prices are expected to stabilize gradually, with the potential benefit of the power-converted coal business. Considering the “reverse volume” that promotes a rebound in prices in the multi-crysilica and coal industries, we have raised the profit forecast for 2025-2027 to 63.7-81.0/97.9 billion coal prices at a substantial downside risk; power grid construction at a lower rate than expected; industry competition at a higher risk; and firms at a lower level than expected.
The Special Electrician (600089.sh) 2024 and the one-quarter review of 2025 - electricity transmission, energy operations are steadily moving forward, and the author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.