The company is one of the first companies in the country to start industrializing blood products, the public.
In 2017, the company stripped away its vaccine-related assets and concentrated its resources on the development and production of blood products.
Currently one of the most abundant producers in the country’s blood industry. Double endowments guarantee the supply of raw materials, with the advantage of the stock cycle highlighting the company’s industrial policy barriers and its own national resource base.
By contrast, the concentration of blood products in the country has yet to increase. In order to ensure the safety of blood products, policies are improving the regulation and concentration of blood products in terms of volume control, circulation control, quality of production, etc.
In this context, the company’s country capital background gives it a distinct advantage in terms of new slurry stations and new drug declarations.
Great slurry elasticity, which highlights the advantages of the de-stocking cycle. Process modification + new product development improves profitability.
The price of most of the company’s specifications is higher than the average price.
The most recent winning price for most of the company’s static products is close to or above the industry average, of which 1.25 g/bottles have the highest winning price.
The ratio is 26% highest in the industry in a rapidly expanding market environment. 3) The company has a rapid release of its collage products. In 2022, a batch was issued to complete clinical trials for adults and adolescents (aged 12) and received a summary.
email: zhouyu@cnpsec.com. 5) In the break-off market, corporate product pricing is close to the industry average; performance elasticity in batches: slurry × plasma utilization × municipal rate x blood product prices ×
Corporate performance is about to rise above the industry average at multiple dimensions. 1) Slipped up: companies are ahead of the slurry stations, state finances facilitate approval of new slurry stations, and there is no possibility that they will be able to centralize the slurry station permits in the next two years: 2) plasma utilization increases: companies do not.
(c) Increased market share: positive growth, distribution terminals: 4) price increases for blood products: sudden supply in an environment of tight balance between supply and demand Short or high extra-hospital pricing: 5) net interest rate hikes: high ton of profit products.
The market spreads less than expected risks; clinical trials progress less than expected; new slurry stations build less than expected risks; and other winds that may affect normal company operations.
One of the first companies in the country to start industrializing blood products.
As of mid-2022, the company had 82 single-sampling plasma stations, of which the number of single-sampling stations (including substations) was 58: the year 2021.
The company’s real control of the human state is the largest, industry-wide pharmaceutical and health industry group in China, which is directly managed by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, in anticipation.
Distribution, retailing, R & D, and production of health-related products such as preventive, curative and diagnostic care. The company’s controlling shareholder, China.
The company's board of directors and various members of the line of operations are senior specialists in the blood products industry, serving in industry associations and committees 1.2 The company concentrated its resources on the development of blood products through business integration. In 2017, the company stripped its vaccine-related assets and concentrated its advantages on the development and production of blood products.
In the course of the year, Chinese biology made a commitment to reduce competition between other companies in the system and the Astronomy Organism, to create the Tianlian Organism as the sole platform for blood products of Chinese creatures, and to transfer the main assets of its blood-producing business to listed companies at a price, for example, in the case of the Tianhu Bian Dynasty. At the same time, the Tianlian Organisms were involved in the operation of their vaccine assets.
The transfer of control over the assets to Chinese organisms was largely completed in 2017: the company sold 100% of the shares in cash to Chinese biology and 51% in cash to Chinese biology; the company's controlling owner, Chengdu-sensei, bought 80% of the shares in Guizhou from Chinese biology: the Tianjin creature bought 80% of the shares in Chinese bio-cash.
Ten% of Yong’s share: Chengdu’s own share in the payment of the price is paid for 100% of Shanghai blood, Wuhan blood, and Lan Land. The company’s main product is now all blood products, the most abundant producer in the country’s blood industry.
The Division currently has three categories of human blood proteins, human immune proteins, human condensation factors, 14 varieties, 72 blood-based products production document numbers, the main products being human blood proteins, human immunoglobin (ph4), human coagulations, human cdenomiasis viii, tetanus, plus rabies patients immunoglobin, acetylene.
Hepatitis Human Immunoglobin, frozen dry static hepatitis B Human Immunoprotein (ph4), Human Immunoglobin, tissue melamine immunity, epidemic protein, human fibre protein, etc. With the integration of operations, corporate performance has increased at a combined rate. From 2008 to 2017, the company ' s operating income increased from 683 million yuan.
Net profits increased from $133 million to $400 million, with a 13% compound annual growth rate. After major asset restructuring, the company’s operating income further increased the use of plasma and reduced costs.
New products such as human medicines, rare pathological drugs, etc., are the main areas of study, with a focus on high-concentration human immunoglobin, heterogenesis, blood-source condensation factors, recombinant condensation factors, microprotein formulations, etc., leading the national industry in recombining condensation factors and the development of immunoglobin products.
The concentration of blood products in the country has yet to increase compared to the European and American regions.
There have been continuing blood safety incidents in the interior of the world, and governments have gradually strengthened their regulation, with the United States having set up, as early as 1957, an inspection and certification committee under the National Blood Exchange to oversee the application of blood bank standards. Together with the merger of firms, home, eight in Europe, with a market share of 80-85% of the top five firms, the concentration of which is high.
Grafols (351), csl (277), octapharma (160) and Takeda (140) account for nearly 70% of the global slurry stations and more than 70% of the slurry. According to mrb, there were about 76 blood products in 2018, with only 9 blood producers in North America accounting for 35% of global production: 37% of global production in Europe.
There are 21 blood producers in the region: compared to the Asia-Pacific region, which produces 27 per cent of the world’s production, with as many as 39 manufacturers, with a regional majority of small producers in China. In order to ensure the safety of the supply of blood products, policies are directed at blood control, circulation control, quality of production, etc.
The regulation of the blood industry has been improving, and it has helped to improve the regulation and concentration of the blood industry. First, volume control: to regulate the collection of blood and improve the safety of blood products. The State has carried out a wide range of activities in the blood industry from the import of blood products, the qualifications of blood-producing enterprises, the collection of plasma and the construction of slurry stations.
(1) The import of blood products is strictly controlled: the import of blood products other than human blood protein was banned by the State in 1985, the import of human blood proteins from the mad cow epidemic area in 2002 and the import of recombinant human condensation factor products was allowed in November 2007.
(ii) Restrictions on the qualifications of enterprises: the production of blood products must meet the criteria set out in the Code for the Control of Quality of Pharmaceutical Production and must be subject to a review by the relevant State regulatory authorities before they can engage in the production of blood products; in May 2001, the Office of the State Council issued a circular on the publication of China's Plan of Action to Prevent and Combat AIDS (2001-2005).
In order to ensure the safety of blood and its products, it is mentioned that the control of the total number of enterprises producing blood products has been implemented and that, since 2001, no new enterprises producing blood products have been authorized. (3) The construction of slurry stations has been restricted: the Regulation on the Management of Blood Products, issued in December 1996, provides for the collection of healthy human blood plasma.
Collections are carried out through single plasma stations, which require a single plasma license issued by the provincial government health administration to carry out the silvation activity, and only one single plasma station can be installed in a blood collection area; in 2012, the Ministry of Health issued a circular on matters related to the management of single plasma stations, requesting the establishment of new single plasma stations for blood products production enterprises
In 2016, the Commission issued an opinion on the promotion of the healthy development of single plasma stations, strictly approving the installation of new single blood-emitting stations, providing for the production of blood products with high research and development capabilities, high levels of combined plasma use, regulations for the management of single blood-emitting stations, and control of market circulation: in order to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the flow of blood-emitting products, the State has strengthened the regulation of organisms.
(i) Strict control over the sale or import of blood products on the market through the prohibition of online sales and commissioning of production of blood products. (1) Strict control over the sale or import of blood products on the market: General Directorate for the Supervision of Food and Drugs, 20 December 2017
The Authority has issued a revised version of the Regulations on the Distribution and Administration of Biological Products in order to strengthen the supervision and management of biological products, regulate the issuance of biological products, and ensure the safety and validity of biological products. Products that are not issued through a batch are not allowed to be marketed or imported. (2) Online sales and commissioning of blood products are prohibited: the new amended version of the People's Republic of China of 1 December 2019
The Law on the Administration of Medicines has been introduced, specifying that, under certain conditions, the sale of prescription drugs is permitted on the Internet, but not on the Internet for specially managed medicines in countries such as vaccines, blood products, etc., and that the licensed person on the market is allowed to commission the production and operation of medicines to other enterprises, but not to commission the manufacture of blood products, etc.
iii. Quality control of production: In order to improve the quality of the products of blood products and to safeguard the health of blood donors, the State imposes stricter regulatory requirements for the construction, operation and management of slurry stations. (1) Higher regulation of the production and operation of enterprises: 30 June 2020, the National Administration of Drug Control issued < >
The Code for the Management of the Quality of Pharmaceutical Production (Revised 2010) — a revised edition of the blood products annex, which provides for the upgrading of the qualifications of managers of the production of blood products, managers of quality management and quality-authorized persons; the requirement for enterprises to conduct periodic laboratory capacity assessments; and the requirement for enterprises to keep samples of plasma for all materials used in the production of inputs, with specific specifications for the amount of plasma samples.
(2) Higher regulation of the quality management of plasma stations: NWV issued a series of circulars to further regulate the overall quality management of single-sampling plasma stations and to guarantee the quality of plasma and the safety of blood donors: Circular of 2 September 2021 on the issuance of information required of donors of blood plasma (2021 edition); Basic standards for the issuance of single plasma stations (2021 edition) were issued on 10 December 2021
In an environment of strong policy regulation, the concentration of the country’s blood products industry has gradually increased, with the number of businesses currently operating normally remaining at about 26. As regulation has been strengthened, the concentration of the domestic blood products industry will increase further, and the peak effect will increase.
2.2 Self-assertions: The approval of new slurry stations for state-owned resources, the company’s state-owned background, and its policy advantages are significant, with significant differences in terms of new slurry stations and declarations of new medicines. The regulation of the blood products industry and the upgrading of the requirements for approval of new slurry stations in recent years have made it more difficult for new slurry stations to be approved.
Companies often declare new slurry stations in the dominant regions, with more concentrated distribution of slurry stations; but Chinese biology, the owner of the company, was first formed by a consortium of six biological products, Beijing, Changchun, Chengdu, Lanzhou, Shanghai, and Wuhan, affiliated with the Ministry of Health. For the country’s most full-scale and large-scale products, one of the integrated biopharmaceutical enterprise groups that brings together scientific research, production, and marketing.
Thanks to the country’s financial background, slurry stations are distributed in various parts of the country, and new slurry stations are less affected by location, with at least two to three additional slurry stations per year added to the number of slurry stations in the first industry. In 2022, the company established three new slurry stations, with a total of 85 single plasma stations (including substations), of which 60 are in camps for single slurry stations and 60 are in camps for slurry stations.
In 2023, at the same rate as in previous years, three or even more of the slurry stations were put into operation, creating a elasticity of much more than industry-level performance growth. The company’s construction of an additional 3,600 tons of production-capacity base is under way.
Chengdu has invested in the construction of a new energy production base at the International Biocities Park in Chengdu Province, the new Yunnan Project for a blood system in Shanghai in Fifi, Yunnan Province, and the new Lanzhou Project for a blood system in the State High Technology Development Area in Lanzhou City, all three blood production bases with a design capacity of 1,200 tons, containing proteins, proteins and factors.
In the future, as the Yunnan and Lanzhou projects become operational, the company will have three single plant bases for producing blood products with a slurry capacity of up to 1,000 tons, with synergies.
At the end of 2023, the blood products industry may have been strained, both in and out of the country. The ratio of domestic blood products in the market has risen, and it may enter the stock cycle. The company has a greater elasticity of slurry due to its differential advantage in the number of slurry stations, and between late 2022 and early 2023, the increase in the number of new crown infections will affect domestic slurry, possibly reducing the volume of finished products in 2023.
At the end of 2022, new coronary infections peaked in various parts of the country, and the country’s blood bank was in a state of emergency, mainly because the number of unpaid blood donations in the streets fell sharply, as a result of adverse factors such as the outbreak and the cold, which forced the group to stop. The epidemic, the cold, and the cooling of the tide also had a negative impact on the operation of the mill.
In addition, imported protein supplies have continued to decline, adding to the shortage of overseas native blood supplies, making it difficult to repair imported protein supplies in the short term.
In 2020 and 2021, while there was a decline in overseas contributions, the amount of protein imported into the country did not fall inversely. In 2022, the number of batches issued for imported proteins fell by 11% in comparison to the same year, and the supply of imported proteins has fallen for the first time since the three-year global epidemic.
In particular, in the second half of the year, with the exception of Kilifor, import manufacturers have increased the trend of a similar decline in the distribution of data. Observing the local supply and demand of the United States, which is the largest supply of blood products across the globe, it can be seen that the region of Europe and the United States has experienced a decline in slurry for the second consecutive year, with the production cycle of blood products folded, and that the United States is still in a relatively tight supply of blood products.
According to the Foundation, as of December, there were four delayed deliveries of 5% of the specified proteins, in which Takeda indicated that the shortage of commodities was also due to increased demand. Thus, the domestic supply of imported proteins would not rebound rapidly in 12023;2 referring to the United States, domestic liberalization would continue to face a shortage of phased blood products.
On the demand side, post-discharge treatments have increased, adding human blood protein to the list of clinical treatment drugs in the new crown, and the clinical heating of blood products. In some areas, the outbreak control department has included the human immunoglobin in the list of recommended medications for the treatment of new coronary pneumonia.
Articles published in the magazine show that 27% of the 99 cases of treatment of 2019-ncov pneumonia diagnosed at the Vuhan Gingu Hospital in 2020 were treated with static. In early 2021, the magazine Front of Immunization recently published the results of a multi-centre retrospective study of the programme for the treatment of patients with heavy-duty new coronary pneumonia from the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, the team of Professor Lee Tai-sheng, Director of Infected Internal Medicine, and from the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences.
The study compares prognosis data for 26 patients treated with high-dose intravenous immune proteins and 89 with routine standard treatments. The results show that in cases of heavy-duty new coronary pneumonia, intensive intravenous injection of high-dose immunoglobin within 14 days of the onset of the disease can reduce the 28-day mortality rate.
The demand for blood products has increased. Compared to the control index of 2020-2022.6 (stringencyindex) and the number of visits to public and private hospitals, it can be seen that the reduction in the level of stress control has almost always been accompanied by an increase in the number of consultations. We believe that, after this general liberalization, the demand for blood products at the end of the hospital will increase again, thus catalyzing blood products on the demand side.
The process modification + new product development improves profitability. Protein and immunoglobin products are mainly purified from healthy human plasma, cretin products are separated from healthy human blood plasma, and are prepared through the reorganization of dna technology. The cryogenic ethanol method is the most commonly used method of plasma protein separation.
There are large differences in the structure of blood products at the national and global levels. There are three main types of blood fluids currently produced and used internationally: protein agents, immunoglobin formulations (including muscle injections, watchouts, and a variety of special immune balls).
The global market for immunoprotein is the largest, owing to its use in a variety of settings, including autoimmune diseases, inflammatory diseases, and both progeny and secondary immuno-deficiency; and to the proliferation of immunology-related research around the world in recent years. Domestically, the import restrictions on blood products have affected the human haemoglobin.
The fastest-growing, more mature and more dominant market share, with more than half of the imported products. Immunoprotein formulations, and clogged blood-factor formulations, are still in the early stages of development in the country.
There are more than 150 proteins and factors in the fluids, more than 20 products can be separated by layering in large enterprises abroad, the blood products of our countries have low levels of purity and combined use, and the first-tier enterprises have only 10-12 and the average business has only 3-4. The company currently has 11 blood products in its main camp, with the number of varieties in the country at the first echelon and tons of syrup.
A comparison of the profits of blood products listed on the market and the structure of the product shows the contribution of the product to the profits of the ton milk: celebratory factors > immunoglobin > protein. The company’s product lines are complete, by optimizing the structure of the product and adapting the producers.
Based on the number of batches, the company’s main product is protein and static cyanide. In 2022, the company’s human condensation enzyme compound, a product with a relatively high profit margin for breaking two tons of slurry, was issued at a higher rate than the previous year, or facilitated the promotion of the company’s tons of slurry.
3.1 Quantities of premium products: human blood protein Human blood protein (has) is an extracellular blood plasma consisting of a healthy human plasma, separated by low-temperature ethanol protein, sterilized and produced by thermocyanated virus. Currently, human blood protein is received at 2400-3000 bottles/tons of plasma, extraction rates.
60-70% of the total protein. The protein is the highest plasma protein in the plasma (~60%, 40g/l); its main function is to maintain the osmosis of the glue. Most importantly, hsa is a highly common protein with multifunctional properties such as formulation combinations and trans-shipments. hsa is widely used in clinical treatment of multiple diseases, mainly for: (1) treatment of blood loss, trauma and burning.
shock due to injury, etc.: (2) treatment of cerebral swelling and increased cranium caused by injury: (3) treatment of cirrhosis of the liver and renal diseases; swelling or abdominal water: (4) prevention and treatment of low protein blood disorders: (5) treatment of high cerebral erythromatosis of newborns: (6) ancillary treatment for pulmonary transfer, burns and blood dialysis, and adult respiratory distress syndrome.
The company’s products have a double advantage over the same competition, and the country’s protein taps are in a prominent position. There is no significant price difference between imported proteins and national proteins, and the price for imported proteins of 12.5 g/bottles is significantly lower.
The company’s most recent winning price for all types of protein products is slightly less than the average price per manufacturer, except for 12.5 g/bottles, where the price for all types of protein products is higher than the average price. The company’s batch issue of protein products is in the lead in the country’s products.
At a time when the country has liberalized imports of human-induced protein products, the market is the most mature in the country, where imports of protein exceed national-produced proteins over the years, and where there is a tendency to increase the market share. Among the country-produced proteins, the number of batches issued by companies is the highest, and the market share is in the lead.
With the steady decline in the supply of protein, the company has ensured an increase in the supply of protein products, consolidated the existing advantages and economies of scale, accelerated the turnover of stocks, and contributed to further improvements in the company’s revenue structure and profitability. With our estimate of the growth of the company’s slurries in 2021-2022, revenues from sales of protein products could be in the range of corporate revenues.
3.2 Quantities of Proximity Products: Animated Human Immune Protein (ph4) Animated Human Immunosote Protein (ph4) (containing a freeze dry agent type): it is a healthy human plasma separated by low-temperature ethanol protein separation Purification, the removal of anti-supplementary activity and the removal and extinction of viruses.
(b) Treatment of secondary immunoglobin g deficiency diseases, such as severe infections, neonatal sepsis, infant and child conchitis, etc.;
The winning price view is that the company’s latest winning bid for all types of static products, with the exception of the 5g/bottle specification, which is below the average price for each manufacturer, has a bid for all kinds of static products that are close to or above the average price. In particular, products with 1.25g/bottle specification, owned by the company
In the case of bulk issuances, the company is also in the lead. In 2018-2022, the market continued to grow in size, using the number of batches issued as a caliber, from 724 in 2018 to 1,053 in 2022 and 9.8 per cent in cagr, where the company’s market share was calculated by the number of batches issued in the course of the expansion of the market’s size.
The company is also active in ad hoc immune protein products. The special immune protein is an immunoprotein formulation based on high-efficiency antibody plasma, which is identical to the standard immunoglobin preparation process, but only used.
Hemorrhagic inoculations, i.e. injections give the infested antibodies and single-septic plasmas with specific antibodies. There are anti-A, Hepatitis B and anti-rubella, anti-coxella, anti-tetanus, anti-rabies, anti-one d, etc. Multiple immunoglobins. They are divided into muscular injections and intravenous injections.
In 2022, the disease control department in some parts of the country placed covid-19 human immunoglobin on the list of recommended lists of new coronary pneumonia treatment drugs to support treatment for new coronary confirmed cases, especially critical conditions, and promoted in- and out-of-the-hospital quiet.
According to an article published in the newspaper The Lancet, in 2020, 27% of the 99 cases of treatment of 2019-ncov pneumonia diagnosed at the Wuhan Gingu Hospital were treated with stat. At the beginning of 2021, the magazine Expeditions of Immunization published a recent report from the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, Beijing, and the team of Professor Li Taisheng, Director of Infection at the Hospital, to treat patients with heavy-duty new coronary pneumonia.
The results of the multi-centre review study, which compares the prognosis data for 26 patients treated with high doses of intravenous immune protein and 89 patients treated with conventional standards, show that in cases of heavy-duty neo-crowd pneumonia, a large dose of immunoglobin is injected within 14 days of the onset of the disease, reducing the death rate at 28 days of the disease.
The covid-19 immunoprotein (ph4) was the first country globally to obtain a National Notice of Approval for Clinical Trials of Drugs and the Emirates Clinical Trials Batch and to conduct clinical trials in the United Arab Emirates.
The coagulation factor is the protein components involved in the blood coagulation process. Its physiological function is that it is strewn during bloodstream bleeding, that it binds to the blood plate and fills the leaks in the blood vessels. This process is called condensation. The whole condensation process can be broadly divided into two phases, the activation of the coagile source and the formation of gel-fibre proteins. They are partly produced by the liver.
The biological tissue is numbered in the order in which it was discovered in Roman numeric numbers, i, ii, iii, iv, v, vii, vii, ix, x, xi, xii, xiii, etc., and the cavity factors found after xiii have been tested for many years as having no decisive effect on the cdensation function and are no longer included in the cavity factor number.
The human condensate is composed of healthy human plasma, separated, purified, treated with virus removal and extinction, frozen dry. It is mainly used for the treatment of congenital or acquired coagulation factors 1, v1, ix, x-deficit type B and coagulation factors 1, vii, ix, x-deficit hemorrhage symptoms.
In April 2021, Chengdu was able to complete a change in the scope of production of the Pharmaceutical Production Licence, which was changed from a blood product (PCR) (registered for use only) to a blood product (PCR) with a specification of 300 u (15ml)/bottle and a drug gmp conformity check.
In 2022, the number of batches increased to 29, with the city increasing to 11.2 per cent, and 3.4 man celebratory viii: recombinant products completed clinical trials The human condensation viii is made of healthy human plasma, separated, purified, treated with virus removal and elimination, frozen dry.
This product has the effect of correcting the cagnosis disorders caused by the lack of a human cdensation factor viii, mainly for the prevention of blood-related diseases of type A and the treatment of haemorrhage due to the lack of a cagnosis factor viii and the surgical haemorrhage of such patients. Shanghai blood system received a drug batch for human cdensation factor viii in 2018, but it was never produced.
The 2001u (10ml)/bottle-specific human cdensation factor viii product was approved for the market, and the corporate cdensation factor viii bulk issuance and city occupancy rates began to climb. However, the blood cdensation factor viii is priced in comparison with the recombinant human cdensation factor viii. Reconfiguration of human cdensation factor products, long-acting agents will be an important complement to the industry and a necessary trend towards the evolution of blood products in the industry.
The advantages of genetically restructured products are: 1) with better safety and quality stability, 2) production is not limited by raw plasma. Research has found that genetically restructured products are more likely to produce inhibitors, and blood-source condensation factors still account for around 30% of the main market in Europe and the United States: human immune protein products are themselves mixtures of multiple antibodies, have higher antibody diversity and are associated with them.
In addition, due to the short half-life of the causative sub-products, it is necessary to maintain the minimum therapeutic levels of blood plasma in blood-and-breed patients.
The advantage of a long-acting formulation is that it can extend the half-life of the product and increase the drug dependence of the patient.
Of the recombined human constriction factor products, only one in the country has been approved for sale on the market for recombinant blood factor viii, all of which are imported products. In the recombinant human clot factor product development pipeline, about six are in the clinical stage of testing.
3.5 Vaccination, ecstasy and market stability The immunoglobin is divided into five different types in the human body according to structure, namely, gg, ga, gm, gd and ge.
It's a healthy human plasma with high-value tetanus antibodies, purified by cryogenic ethanol protein separation, and developed by virus removal and extinction. It is mainly used for the prevention and treatment of tetanus, especially for those who are allergic to tetanus antitoxin (tat).
Both are used to immunize patients with more severe post-exposure injuries. In the break-off market, company products are priced close to the industry average; in batches, 2018-2022.
Companies account for less than 5 per cent of the market; their products are below the industry average in product pricing.4 Performance elasticity: slurry volume x plasma utilization rate x city rate x blood product price x net interest rate 4.1 slurry volume: leading in the number of slurry stations and promoting approval of new slurry stations in the country ' s capital background
As mentioned earlier, the number of slurry stations and the number of slurry stations being built by companies far exceeds that of other companies in the industry. As at the date of writing, the Department had increased the number of slurry stations to 61, while 21 slurry stations were still being built, and if the previous years had been built, there would have been three or more slurry stations operating in 2023, which would have provided much more elasticity to the growth of performance than the industry.
At the same time, the company has a country-owned background and has significant policy advantages, and it is expected that the number of slurry stations will increase further, in line with the 14th Five-Year Slump Plan. During the 14th Five-Year Plan, a number of new slurry stations were drawn up: the Health Commission of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region initiated the Plan for the Establishment of Single Slamping Stations in the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region (2022-2025) (in consultation draft), 2022-2025
10 single plasma stations are planned for the district. The Yunnan Department Health Commission has developed a plan for the installation of single plasma stations in Yunnan Province (2021-2023), and 19 single plasma stations (including 2 pilot single plasma stations) are planned to be installed throughout the province on the basis of previous pilot projects. The notification from the Jilin Province Health Council for the publication of a pilot work programme for the installation of single plasma stations in Jilin Province is planned.
Two single plasma stations have been set up as a pilot in the Changchun area. More than 30 new plasma stations are planned throughout the country, and companies are expected to successfully take some of these batches from a state-funded background, further increasing the supply of raw materials. 4.2 The plasma utilization rate: process modification, capacity building, and new products development
Within the company, the product batch is constantly updated and the coagulation factor class product is rapidly released. In September 2021, the “human coagulation factor viii” developed by Chengdueng was issued with a pharmaceutical registration certificate issued by the National Drug Surveillance Authority, while the relevant production sites were inspected for gmp compatibility and obtained the results of the drug gmp on-site examination issued by the Drug Surveillance Authority of Sichuan Province.
In December 2020, Chengdu was provided with a Certificate of Registration for Drugs issued by the Drug Enforcement Authority, and 300 iu (15ml)/Battle) for human creciate enzymes (300 yu (15ml) / Bottle) was certified for medicines. After obtaining the Certificate, the company quickly released two types of clogged blood-factor products.
In August 2022, the company announced that it had completed changes in the production sites for the products of human blood protein and immunoglobin (ph4) and obtained the relevant certificates, following production permit declarations, registration declarations, gmp conformity checks, etc.
The design slurry capacity of the former production plant in Chengdu will be 800 tonnes/year, and the design slurry capacity of the Yongan plant will be increased to 1,200 tonnes/year.
Outside the plant area, in order to further expand production, the Shanghai blood system has invested in the new Yunnan Project in the central district of Fi, Yunnan Province, and the Land Blood Programme has invested in the construction of the new Land State Project in the national high-technology development area in Lanzhou City, with the addition of 2,400 tons of productive capacity bases. Research and development of new products in the company has continued, contributing to a further increase in plasma utilization. As of mid-2022, the company had completed four projects.
Injection recombinant human constriction factor viii, static human immunoglobin (ph4) (layered process, 10% concentration), human fibrous protein and Lanzhou blood-based human condensation enzyme compound submitted for public registration: 4 clinical test items with an immunoglobin in the subcutaneous skin of dodu, immunoglobin in megacellular viruses (ph4), injection recombinant human condensation
Blood factor Via, the Shanghai blood-based fibre proteins are progressing well. 4.3 City coverage: active marketing end-of-service companies are steadfastly promoting the network of terminal hospitals, increasing the number and proportion of access to the terminal, based on the academic picture of the hospital.
(b) Health-care facilities cover 13,056, an increase of 6.61 per cent, covering mainly provincial and municipal areas outside Hong Kong.
The price of blood products is 4.4: supply shortages push extra-hospital pricing Short term, late 2022 – early 2023, when the price of the drugstore for the purchase of protein and the price of Qingy C was pushed up by the drugstore
In the medium term, according to our earlier analysis, there may be a shortage of blood products in the country in 2023, combined with an increase in terminal prices, net interest rate 4.5: high ton of profit products.
As we have mentioned earlier, the contribution of the product to the ton slurry profit is: celebratory factor >immunoglobin > protein. The product line is complete, with a greater elasticity of the ton slurry profit through adjustments such as optimization of the product structure, modification of the production process, development of the extension product line.
The blood company’s routine slurry, production cycle, is about six months to one year, with the company’s slurry volume increasing by 6% in 2021. As a result, the company’s current year’s bulk issuance of high-tonne slurry products outpaced the increase in slurries, with net interest rates increasing.
At the time of writing of the report, the company had 61 slurry stations and 24 slurry stations had been supplied but not yet operational. The increase in batches and the planning of a large number of additional slurry stations in all parts of the “14th Five” could have contributed to the company's increasing slurry station speed.
The cycle, combined with 23 new company slurry stations in 2021, is expected to yield significant additions to the slurry stations in 2023 and 2024. Assuming a profit projection by the company’s product line: 1) human blood protein: the company’s human blood protein is first in the market for national products. Future national protein is expected to be maintained.
Based on the current rate of growth, there is a gradual push to replace national production with the development of overseas markets, while, because of the tight balance between demand and supply, the surge in demand is likely to drive the rise in the price of the extra-protein terminal. And companies will benefit from the increase in off-site market prices and in market size, depending on their size.
2) Immunoprotein: Among the various immune protein products, the application scene is the most extensive and therefore the elastic. Freer, freer sales are influenced by the number of canine injuries and trauma clinics per year, and the market is more stable and slightly less rapidly increasing than static c. Assuming that company sales increase faster than proteins as market education progresses, sales in 2022-2025 will grow faster than proteins.
3) Coagulation factor sub-category: company coagulation factor sub-products were marketed late, but quickly rolled out after listing, with early market developments 4) Māori rates and net interest rates: as the share of high-tonne slurry profit products rises, the company Māori rate, net interest rates are up, Pälin, Boya Bien 2 companies, 2022-2024 2 companies in the industry that are close to the Sky Forum biological business
The company is one of the leading domestic blood products in terms of the number of slurry stations, the amount of slurry, and the bulk of blood products, which are among the industry’s most complete. The company’s celebratory sub-groups are gradually improving, but these products are still in their initial stages of education in the domestic market.
There is uncertainty about the spread of the product. Clinical trials are not proceeding as well as expected.
The construction of the new slurry station is not proceeding as fast as expected, and the company is currently in the process of constructing nearly 20 of its approved slurry stations, which will have a direct impact on the company's business.
Other risks that may affect the company ' s normal production operations are based on information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgement and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity and fairness, and the findings are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, selected clients.