The new cycle of technological excellence continues to grow, with company flash reports showing an annual income of 23.8 billion yuan, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the year and a net profit of 1.92 billion yuan to the mother, an increase of 381.3 per cent over the same period.
The company had previously announced that it would receive $2.3 to 2.5 billion, and we thought that the actual performance was close to the inter-segment ceiling, which was calculated at $870 million for the fourth quarter of q4, and that the ring was still growing by almost 10 per cent compared to the q3 season.
The company's real return to its parent net profit of $1.9 billion, largely influenced by the goodwill of $700 million, and a slight delay in corporate reporting, shows that the company's historical burden has been lost, and the company's affiliates are expected to move back to growth in 2020.
On the subsidiary side, the Delighted Photovoltaic Power has been removed, we believe that the Eastern Color q has been profitable in four quarters (about 200 million dollars in the previous three quarters), that some of the costs of the river powder magnets have not yet been reversed, and we expect that this year the East Colour beneficiary will be able to import the machines and make its own profits, and that the river pollen magnets will be profitable in the time of wireless power recharge.
Looking to create a high synergy with Selkon to drive the growth of the river pollen. Looking ahead, building a new round of high growth is certain \triangleright \triangleright
Airpods continue to explode, national production speeds up, salcomp integrates well, and the technology itself is expected to perform well. Short-term logic and long-term growth logic are clear, short-term benefits are drawn, and next year's iPhone replacement cycles add up the share of the country's producers.
With an increase of 3 billion dollars in the overall strategy for the modelling of product labels such as wireless chargers, radiators, motors, etc., it will be seen in the second half of this year as a gradual increase in the number of profit module products that will contribute to an absolute increase in performance starting next year. From the model to the model, the company will be able to integrate upstream materials and enter downstream models, and the growth space will be opened up further.
A real platform company that consumes electronics.
2. Quarterly review of "Men Live Electronics" (002600): three quarters meets expectations, a new round of high dollars, a consistent 20-year projection of excellent valuations, 44 times as well as 53 times as high as the smell of Thai technology. We think the company is low.
Growing trade friction between China and the United States, less than expected sales by large clients, less than expected technological changes by large clients, summary of corporate financial statement data projections
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity and Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai University of Transport.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,