Technology benefits are higher than expected, a new round of high growth is determined, and technology benefits are higher than expected. The performance of the statements is slightly delayed by part of the cost.
The net profit from profit technology q4 was $770 million in the first quarter of the mother ' s profit, which is essentially the same as the q3 season, showing that the public division ' s 19q4 orders have continued to flourish, and we believe that 20q1 is expected to continue the trend, with no change in the value of its performance for the entire 20-year period, a loss in its subsidiaries and a slight delay in the performance of the company ' s financial statements as a result of the write-off.
For its part, the company has been stripped, the Eastern q is expected to level out in four quarters (about $200 million in losses in the previous three quarters), and some of the costs of gyromagne are not yet being reversed.
In a time of wireless charge, gyro-magnets are expected to play a high synergy with Selkon, leading to high growth. Looking ahead, I'm looking forward to a new round of high-growth certainty.
Airpods continue to explode, national production opportunities are being accelerated, salcomp is being integrated, and technology’s own performance is expected to continue to outpace expectations. The short- and long-term logic of the benefits is clear, the short-term benefits of the benefits are drawn, and next year’s iPhone switch cycles add up the share of the country’s producers.
In the second half of this year, three billion dollars will be added to the overall strategy for the modelling of product labels such as wireless chargers, radiator models, motors, etc., to see the gradual growth of the benefits model products, which will contribute to the absolute increase in performance starting next year. The company will start with the models, integrate the upstream materials and go down into the downstream modules, open up the growth space further, and there will be
Quarterly reviews: three quarters up to expectations, a new round high.
Q: The growth of technology q3 continues to grow, and the growth of technology q3 continues to increase.
TCI's 19-21 business performance was 24, 29.9 and 3.98 billion yuan, referring to Thai technology and industry leaders, increased trade friction between China and the United States, lower sales by large clients, less technological changes by large clients, and a summary of corporate financial statement data projections.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity and Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai University of Transport.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,