Luzhoulaojiao (000568/ch) Sub-high-end acceleration of income growth, revenueincreasedfastdrivenbystrondaryhigh-endseries,
Opinion Focus investmentfocus (pleaseeeappendix1forenglichsummary) • Events.
In addition, a profit distribution programme for 2021 was announced: every 10 shares found gold shares in the cellar to be continuously released, and secondary power accelerated income growth. Sub-products: high-end alcohol earnings increased by 29.2 per cent in mid-21 (volume: +25.4 per cent; price:
+3.0 per cent), we believe that, mainly as a result of the nationalization drive, the cellar has increased at a high rate of 1573 and sales have fallen over the entire period, and it is expected that the future of low alcohol revenues will accelerate as the new product is rolled out in black. 22q1 income is equal to +26.1 per cent, and we expect the main reason.
The cellar continued to grow steadily, with a low base of growth in the hip brand (benefiting from 21 years of stoppage and expansion of the sub-higher sector); and the distribution of income from traditional/emerging channels for 21 years by +24.4 per cent/+18.3 per cent, with a net decrease of 290 to 1931 dealers in 22 years.
The company intends to strengthen market tillage, push the base market deeper into fission, speed up the layout gap, and accelerate the process of nationalizing expansion. Product prices, structural optimization and cost contraction, and boost profitability for 21 years.
Mostly because of product price increases and structural optimizations. Companies pursue precision marketing strategies, enhanced costs, and increased efficiency in spending. The 21-year sales cost ratio is from 1.12 pct to 17.4 per cent, with the same ratio of gold and surcharges - 2.54 pct to 10.4 per cent, we believe, or with the effects of the epidemic, to deliver the goods.
Rhythm is relevant. The epidemic has repeatedly concentrated consumption scenes, cost-spills, changes in the pay system have added managerial energy and inspired the successful completion of the plan's objectives. Twenty-one years of company executive pay and appraisal management, with pay tied to company performance and personal performance.
Hooks help to stimulate management ' s subjective dynamism. In February 22, the equity incentive scheme landed, awarding a first-time limited stock of 6.8626 million shares, representing 0.47 per cent of total equity, with a target of: 1) deducting net non-repatriation profits at a rate of 75 points against the target firm in 19 years.
♪ ♪ Eun-hye ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Eun-hye ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Eun-hye ♪ ♪ ♪ Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! ♪