Basic business stability, innovation growth — China Connect (600050.sh) company dynamic study — progress in business development and continued optimization of income structure
According to the economic performance of the telecommunications industry published by the Ministry of Information and Communications in 2023, the communications industry as a whole was operating smoothly in 2023, and the main indicators remained relatively positive.
New types of infrastructure, such as 5g, gigawatts of light, and object networking, are increasingly well developed, and the number of users connected to the network continues to grow. In 2023, revenues from telecommunications operations amounted to 16.8 million.
In-depth implementation of the strategic planning system, the Division focused on the five main pillars of “Big Connectivity, Large Computation, Large Numbers, Data, Large Applications, Large Security” and the steady and steady development of its operations.
Strong, accelerating the transition to STI companies. As of 2023h1, the company's big connections and the number of users have continued to grow: large-scale calculations are self-researching to create a brand image of a “save cloud”; big data maintains a leading position in industries with a market share of more than 50 per cent;
Large categories: revenues from large security operations grew by 178 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Corporate performance improved steadily, profitability increased and core performance increased in 2023. Corporate operating income was $281.69 billion in the first three quarters of 2023.
10.9% of the company's revenue structure continues to optimize, and the industry's Internet operations achieve income generation of 60,690 million yuan, representing 24.0% of the income of the main business, increasing the same ratio — consistent and coordinated development of quantitatively constructed effects, and a solid base of basic operations
1. China Connect (600050): Basics, National Team for Operation Services, full digitalization of companies, consistent with the coordinated development of quantitative and qualitative effects, deepening business integration and market convergence
(i) The company’s core competitiveness is increasing. 1) Network capacity is increasing significantly. As far as the 2023h1,5g network is concerned, 5g medium-frequency base stations exceed 1.15 million stations.
Base station size and coverage are maintained at the same level as industry; broadband high-quality networks, with full capacity in cities, counties and towns; political and entrepreneurial high-quality networks, with full coverage of 335 local networks throughout the country; and arithmetic high-quality networks, with cloud cover
More than 200 cities have more than 380,000 idc hangars, and the backbone network, on average, continues to maintain industry leadership. Deep progress has been made in sharing with China ' s telecommunications, with 5g building a shared base station with 150,000 new stations. 2) The supply of products has been increasing.
2023h1, UCP was upgraded from iptv to iptv+-wide, the network of connectivity groups was upgraded from a home-wide network to a house-wide light broadband network, and the speed of access to the cloud was significantly increased.
The "Governance" big data platform, the "Ink" platform for safe operating services product system. (2) The company's basic business is growing robustly. As of the third quarter of 2023, it was mobile.
With 332 million households and a net increase in mobile users of 9.67 million households, the company ' s income from mobile main business was $13.7 billion, an increase of 2.6 per cent over the same period, moving arpu to $44.3 million; the number of fixed Internet broadband users reached 111 million.
A net increase of 783 million households in the year was recorded. Broadband access and application revenue increased by 8.7% to $46.04 billion, broadband integration arpu to $47.9, users to seize opportunities for digital economic change, and innovation grew.
The company is focusing on important opportunities for digital transformation in the economy and society, investing in technological innovation, industrial empowerment and ecological co-building, and investing in innovative activities such as connecting clouds, material networking, big data, digital applications and exporting new dynamic energy for the digital economy.
(1) With regard to cloud operations, companies continue to enrich their reserves of cloud resources, fully meet the needs of the population, support digital government, intelligent city building, participate actively in the digital transformation of the United States, and “connected clouds” maintain good growth and generate income
36.7 billion yuan, an increase of 36.6 per cent over the same period last year, (2) in the area of physical networking, the acceleration of the penetration of human beings into the interconnectivity, with a unique platform for enabling industries to break through and focus on the industrial Internet, smart cities, eco-environmental protection, etc.
Building industrial solutions in the area of point areas, with 467 million PACT connections, and promoting RMB 75.2 billion in income from the PNT operation, with a year-on-year increase (3) In terms of large data, it is guided by the release of the value of the data elements and deep-farm figures
In the areas of government, digital finance, the Wisdom Brigade, the Industrial Internet, and the focus scenes, demand-rich applications in priority industries, contributing to the building of digital society and the real economy, income from big data operations reached RMB 4.07 billion, a year-on-year increase.
(4) With regard to digital applications, the number of users of the main product-paying products of intellectual life, connected intelligence businesses, reached nearly 200 million, a net increase of nearly 60 million in the year.
6897, more than 3,000 more than at the end of last year.
Value operator data, organized around the convergence of data elements, improved data governance, creation of data products, adherence to data security, deep participation in data elements, market building, creation of data elements leading enterprises for our data elements market
The company has taken the lead in bringing together data elements. (1) The company has taken the lead in achieving data for 31 provinces. (2) In improving data governance, the company has big, multi-source, isomeric and comprehensive capabilities.
Domain, real-time data acquisition and exchange capabilities, 400pb ultra-large data processing and trillion-degree data real-time processing practices. (3) In the creation of data products, companies are linked to cloud, large, large, large, large, large, large-scale data-processing practices.
On 21 December 2022, the Associated Digital Section released the Great Data Platform for Governance.
(iv) In the field of export data services, the Wisdom footprint of the subsidiary under the umbrella of the Connected Digital Section is based on China's excellent access to large data resources and Spanish telecommunications.
Product technology, providing location-based insights and big data-related operations, including locational services such as urban planning and management, transport planning and operations, business circles/real estates, and finance.
(5) In terms of adherence to data security, in December 2023, China Connect released a Credible Synergy Calculating Platform for Connectivity to provide a “connection programme” for the flow and exploitation of data elements.
At this stage, the advantages of firms in terms of data factor resources, technology, and markets will continue to be magnified, or will benefit deeply from the data factor development dividend.
Research on companies listed in the machine and small and medium-sized industries. Areas of expertise include cloud computing, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence.
Ren Chunyang: Master ' s degree in economics, 6 years ' experience in the securities industry, November 2021, joined by Hsiao Hua Chi: Master of Arts, National University of Australia. Zhou Wenlong: Master of Finance, University of Monash, Australia
Zhang Min: Qinghua University Professor of Science reflects his research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the suggestions or observations made in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.