In the event, on 28 March, the Agricultural Bank disclosed that the annual net profit return to the mother was + 3.91 per cent (formerly Agricultural Bank (601288).
Three quarters + 4.97 per cent: operating income per year + 0.03 per cent (first three quarters - 0.54 per cent): annualized weighted income growth rate, positive year-on-year growth rate, profit growth rate at the top of the business line.
The growth was 56bp to 0.03% higher than in the previous three quarters, with a negative shift: net profit returns were higher than in the previous three quarters, commercial banks grew at an overall rate of 3.24% and big banks at 1.77%. Corporate performance grew steadily, and the main beneficiaries were slowed by the positive contribution of rapid scale expansion, income tax, provision and other non-interest income.
Zhang Xiaohui solved the negative drag on the spread. Performance slowed at a marginal rate, mainly due to reduced provisioning.
The rate of return on interest-bearing assets and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities drops by 16 bp and increases by 12 bp in the same year.
The impact of factors such as 30bp has been on companies ' efforts to optimize their asset structures and increase medium- and long-term credit lending; interest rates on end-of-debt deposits and active liability cost rates have increased, and the trend towards the periodicization of deposits has continued, but the overall cost rate remains at the industry advantage level.
By the end of 2023, the district network had risen to 56.4 per cent, and the county loan balance had increased by 19.8 per cent over the previous year, rising faster than the full-line average.
Of these, county-level corporate loans, district-based municipalized loans, district-based manufacturing loans, county-level corporate green loans, county-level individual loan balances, respectively, continue to fall down and asset quality improves steadily.
The ring ratio drops by 2bp, 4bp by the same year. Of this, the public loan deficit drops by 17bp to 4bp by the same year, and the pressure on hidden non-performing loans is reduced.
Increased resilience to risk compared to 1.27 pct, and a steady medium-term improvement in the core indicators of asset quality.
The Department, while promoting capital-intensive development, has been actively expanding external sources of capital supplementation, issuing secondary and sustainable capital replenishments in an orderly manner, and strengthening the capital base.
(a) Profit forecasts: Agricultural banks have a solid base, deep-farming territory, active marketing of 3 farmers, green and digital Sino-Governance S.A., and have a unique advantage in county finance, which will continue to expand in the future,
The company is promising to become the leading bank and service entity economy for the revival of the village.
Main Bank. We're looking at the company's future prospects, and we're expecting a cut-off on March 28 against \triangleright figure 1: collection and performance at the same speed.
Figure 2: Cumulative year-on-year growth in performance vs. Industry-wide level Figure 3: Analysis of the causes of the increase in performance Figure 4: Cumulative annualized weighted roe and roa
Figure 5: Net interest margin vs. Industry averages Figure 6: Negative rate vs. Industry Figure 7: Subsidized coverage vs. Industry
Figure 8: The scale expansion is increasing at the same speed as the growth rate, with Master ' s degree, Master ' s degree from the National University of Singapore, Bachelor ' s degree from Zhejiang University, selected for the College of Honors, Financial Science Test.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the financial sector, covering mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the financial sector and finance management, asset liabilities, wind control, and related external environments.
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-China Portfolio Research and Development Centre. Part of it is unsatisfied, unsatisfied, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.