At the beginning of the year, the price of well-established shares fell by 30.65 per cent, and the price of the shares fell by a factor of 30.65 per cent. We believe that the current market mood has adequately reflected the more pessimistic demand for mobile phones this year.
In a difficult external environment, such as weak mobile phone demand, recurrent outbreaks, supply chain shortages, etc., the ability to generate profit increases. And companies are expected to benefit from the same volume of smartphones in the second quarter of the year.
The short-term investment strategy is a fast-appraising product of Pil-Silver International Studies designed to provide investors with a high degree of certainty about short-term transactions. We try to capture short-term event-driven and market-driven trading opportunities, which may not be in line with our 12-month long-term fundamentals.
The product is therefore only used to provide short-term ideas and advice on technology investment, and the Pou-Ying International Study will close the offer.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.