Pharmación Condolence (603259) 2021 semi-annual review: R & D Integrated venture of outsourcing, sustaining strong growth
Industry classification: pharmaceutical organisms totalling $317,993,480,000, an increase of 65.45 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies; high growth in Chinese district laboratory, cdmo operations, driving company performance.
Regional laboratory services achieved operating income of $548,732.5 million, an increase of 45.17 per cent in the same year; cdmo services generated operating income of $359,867.09 million, an increase of 66.49 per cent in the same year; U.S. district laboratory uniforms generalization led to a rapid increase in overseas orders from Chinese district laboratories. In addition, the company cdmo industry
As a whole, the rapid growth of laboratories and cdmo operations in the corporate sector has driven the firm’s overall performance. The advantage of the integration platform is clear, and the industry’s landscape has remained constant.
At the end of the reporting period, the new drug research and development service platform, which boosts the stickyness and loyalty of its clients, received $9,688 million in revenue from its former clients, an increase of 42 per cent over the reporting period. In addition, the company added 1020 new clients during the reporting period, with the “Long-tail customers” strategy continuing to work. The global pharmaceutical market continues to grow.
At the same time, there has been a steady increase in the demand for the outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development, which, according to the frost&sullivan report, was 224.1 billion dollars in 2021, or $312.9 billion in 2026, and is expected to continue in the pharmaceutical research and development industry, providing a high level of firm-owned business growth.
Internal extension, double-wheel-drive. On the inside, during the reporting period, the entire pharmaceutical industry of the company announced the establishment of a raw materials and preparations production base in the United States, which is scheduled to operate in 2024; on the inside, the research and development base of the company company's pharmaceutical base, which is designed to produce 15,300 square metres.
The Division acquired the British company oxgene, using its technology to strengthen the company’s own technical capabilities in cell and gene therapy domainctdmo.