Pharmacy biology, 603259, is growing faster than expected, and cdmo's business is growing faster.
The net profit excluding non-retroactive parent increases by 86 per cent-88 per cent over the year, and the impact of non-recurring gain/loss items of 2021h1 increases over the same year, resulting mainly from the fair value change gains of some non-current financial assets and the increase in return for investment, owing to, inter alia, the increase in market prices of the market share of the companies that are the object of the company ' s investment and the equity of the non-listed companies
The fair value of the derivative financial instruments component of the stock bond is affected by a significant increase in the share price of h, with the non-cash value of the non-cash portion of the equity loss estimated at about $1.5 billion. • High performance growth, with the return on investment and the return on fair value having a greater impact on profits.
Keeping up with high growth, cdmo’s business continues to be high, while company clinical research and other cro services are growing rapidly, as the impact of the epidemic has largely been removed in the country. The return on investments and fair value changes in the first half of the year is expected to make a sustained contribution to profits and expected returns on investments.
• The growth of laboratory services in the Chinese district is accelerating, and cdmo operations are increasing at a sharp rate. It is expected that 2021q2 Chinese district laboratory operations will grow by about 40% in the same year, 2021h1 in the same year by more than 40%, that 2020q1 will be affected by the epidemic, that the start rate is relatively low, and that the start of Chinese district laboratory and contract research and development in the second quarter has fully resumed operations,
Quarterly and Quarters show a quarterly acceleration, entering 2021h1 and benefiting from the low base and the continued acceleration of orders. Laboratory services in China District continue to accelerate. We expect to continue to grow at a faster rate of 80 per cent in the second half of the year.
It has become an important driver of corporate growth, with high growth expected throughout the year. Quick recovery of clinical coro operations and rapid growth of cellular and gene therapy cdmo. We expect more than 40% growth of clinical coro operations in 2021h1 and more than 2020 h1 clinical coro and smo.
Business is highly affected by the epidemic, entering into 2021h1, benefiting from a low base and from strong corporate business expansion, clinical co-growth is high, and is expected to be a significant growth point in the medium to long term. With the current epidemic abroad, businesses such as the company's cell and gene therapy cdmo remain stable and extend.
X-ray development, followed by promising new growth points. Pharmacy Condé (603259): high performance growth, cdmo business upsight (2021-04-30)
Pharmacy (603259): Keeping the performance up fast, with a marked upswing in the fourth quarter (2021-03-08) 6. Pharmacy (603259): China’s leader in medical outsourcing.
There is no direct or indirect compensation for engine power (2020-10-19) and no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.