
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
• 1xiapptecreported 1h21revenueoflamb10.54bn crrentprice
Growthwasunderpinnedbyitsuniqueend-to-endfull-serviceplatform.by chinahealthcaresector message, revenuefromdmoserviced 67% yoy, whilechina-based
45% yoy jillwu, cfa and 57% yoygroveth, individually. dutosustainedimpactofcovid
16% yoy, attributablenetprofitandadjustnon-ifsnetprofitgrewrew
Samhu, phd by 88%-68% yoytormb2, 127mn/rmb2, 448mn, individually. cdmoservicesactasgrothengine.in1h21, cdmorevenuerallied 67%
Jonathanzhao outof1, 413 moleculeswerenewlyaddedintodmoservicespipeline. including1/19phiii/iistageprojectadditionsvia'winthemole"strategy.
Asatjun2021, the companyprovidcmodmosservicesforabout 14% lf the globalinnovavesmalmalmoleculedrugpipelinecomparedwith 11.5%in2019, mkt.cap. (rmmmn)
Avg.3mthst/o (rmmmn) 52whigh/low (rmb)
...totalissuedshares (mn) the companyyisratly scalingup themanufacturingofofofoftworldsmall
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's 57% yoyin1h21.
A-sharepublicshareholds h-sharepublicshareholds proposednewincentiveschedule. The company proposedahk$2bnh
I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but...
Incentive (sai) schemeforseniormanagewith thetotalincentiveamount up to $ 7.5 bn. Theentivepoolsarehk$1bn/hk$1.5bn/hk$2bnand hk$3bniftheh-sharepricehitshk$170/hk$187/hk$204/hkk$238
Wethinkthenewincentivemeewilfurthelpalign the interestsbetweenmanementandshareholders. 12-mthpriceperformance
maintainbuy. Werevisedupadjustnon-ifrsnetprofitoffy 21/22/23e by 8 per cent-3 per cent, andforeasttheadjustnon-ifrsnetprofittotogrow apptec'sdiversifierinvestmentportfoliowillringsignifitivevevevesation
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, relaid reports building-edgeexpertiseto stronggrowthoutook2021and
I'm sorry, acceleratedgrovethin3q20drivenby stroongperformmandedmoand figure1: cm
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Orissaerthattheanalystoveredinthysreport: (1) alloftheviewsexpressedaccrelatelyreflecthorsorersonalviewsoutthesubjectsitesecuritys orissues; and (2) nopartofofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directordirectly, relatedtotheotherspecialviewsexpressed bytheatanalyst inthisreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecurities andfuturescompmission) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchworldof30caldardayspriortoothetateissue ofthisreport; (2) whillldelinortradehead(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofdateofdateissueissueofissuelifereport; (3)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Market-perform underperform & international secretities limited
I don't know if I'm the only one who's got the right to be a part of it, but I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's a good idea, it's not a good idea, it's a good idea.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company's industrious, the company's industrious, recipientsshouldbeoulwarathat and bismayhaveaconclifictofinterestatcoldaffect theobjectivityofthisreport and the biswillnotatassemonyspresibilizationspeterof.thisreportisfortheuseofuseofuseofindicatedsciencelyandthispublication, maynotbe reduced, reprinated, sold, rededitedorpublishedinwholeorinpartoforanypurposewofoutpriorwrittenconsentof and biis.
I don't know what you're talking about, or (ii) archerosfallahingwithinarticle 49(a)to(d)("highnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going, and I'm going to do it, and I's all, and I'm going, and I's.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
In the case of the specialtiesandfuturesact (cap.289), the bisgacceptslegalresposiabilityfortheconcentsocentsocentorsuchpersonlyto the extenrequiredbylaw.singareccipientssouldcontactandbisgat+656350400formattersattersarisingfrom, orinconneactionwiththeotherport.