Pharmacy biology is growing rapidly, and cdmo's business is growing brightly.
The net return to the mother is 2.68 billion yuan, an increase of 55.8 per cent in the same year, and the net profit to the late parent is 2.13 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 88 per cent in the same year. The impact of the non-recurring gain/loss items of 2021h1 increased in the same year, mainly due to increases in the market value of listed and non-listed companies that the company invests in.
Gains from changes in the fair value of mobile financial assets and higher returns on investments affected profits of around $2.150 billion, and losses of non-cash fair value of 2021h1 amounted to $1.5 billion as a result of a significant increase in the value of the company ' s share-transferable derivative financial instrument portion of the company ' s h shares.
• High performance growth, with returns on investment and fair value changes having a greater impact on profits. After maintaining high growth in the first half of the year, the company was able to adjust net profits to $2.45 billion, an increase of 67.8 per cent over the same period. Investment returns and fair value changes have a greater impact on profits and are expected to contribute a sustained return on investment earnings.
• The growth of laboratory services in the Chinese district is accelerating, and cdmo operations are increasing at a sharp rate. The Chinese district laboratory industry increased by 42% in the same year, 2021h1 reached 45.2% in the same year, 2020q1 was affected by the epidemic, the rate of start-up was relatively low. The start of laboratory and contract research and development in the Chinese district in the second quarter was fully resumed in the third quarter and in the third quarter.
In the fourth quarter, there was a seasonal acceleration of 2021h1, benefiting from the low base and the continued acceleration of orders, while the Chinese district laboratory service continued to accelerate, and we expect to continue to grow at a faster pace in the second half of the year. The small molecule cdmo was able to expand, benefit from the front-end flow, and growth continued to accelerate.
A major driver of corporate growth is expected to grow at a high rate throughout the year. Quick recovery of clinical coro operations and rapid growth of cell and gene therapy cdmo are expected. 2021h1 pcro operations have grown by 61.4% year-on-year, 2020 h1 clinical coro and smo operations have been affected by the epidemic.
The impact is greater, entering 2021h1, benefiting from a low base and strong corporate business expansion, and the rapid growth of clinical cro, which is expected to be an important medium- and long-term growth point for the company. The current epidemic is severe overseas, and operations such as cells and gene therapy cdmo are still operating smoothly and developing at a later stage.
Continued growth is expected to be a new growth point. cdmo high-speed operations (2021-07-16) cdmo high-speed operations (2021-04-30)
Pharmacy (603259): The performance has been growing at a high rate and the four-quarters (2021-03-08) has not been raised, nor will they receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.