The expansion costs are delaying performance, and large silicon silicons continue to expand until they recover.
\triangleright substantial decline, mainly due to year-on-year changes in business performance in 2023: 1) According to Semi, global economic growth continued to slow in 2023, with semiconductor industries suffering from the weakness of end markets and macroeconomic conditions
The output of the global semiconductor silicon silicon was 14.3 per cent lower than it was in 2022, and the revenue of the semiconductor silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon siligan silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon siligan silicon silicon siligan silicon siligan silicon silicon siligan silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon sili) silicon silicon sili) sili) sili) sili) silimmm-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-sf silif silif silif silif silif silif silif silif silif silif silif silif silif silif silif silif silic silic silif silif silif silif silic silic silic silic silic silic sili-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-sc-sc-sc-
The upfront and fixed costs of the expansion process will have a significant impact on the company’s performance during the reporting period. 300 mm large silicon silicon silicon silicon continued to grow and the 200 mm special silicon silicon project progressed steadily. 300 mm large silicon
\triangleright \triangleright/month 300 mm semiconductor silicon production capacity project has accumulated more than 8 million pieces in its history, of which the Integrated Circuit 300mm high-end silicon expansion project has released 150,000 pieces per month by the end of 2023
On 30 December 2023, Xinjin Shanghai, in cooperation with the Government and the Development Area Management Committee, proposed to invest in the construction of the “300 mm and a half 1.
In the 200 mm business sector, the company received short-term pressure during the first half of the year, and the production of 300 mm silicon was steadily expanded.
The total investment in the kmetic 200mm semiconductor-specific silicon expansion project was adjusted from the projected total investment of $2.95 billion to $2.99 billion, resulting in an annual capacity of 313.2 million pieces of 200 mm semiconductor silica.
3. The silicon industry (688126.sh) reported for the year 2022 that after the completion of the adjustment project, it helped to upgrade the company ' s breakdown of 5g, auto electron, iot, etc.
In 2024, the global volume of silicon crystals will rebound, and silicon tablets will recover.
Review: q3 high performance growth, semiconductor silicon headlines, continued weakness in demand and the impact of macroeconomic conditions, and global production of silicon crystal round is expected to decline in 2023
14%. But with applications such as artificial intelligence (ai), high performance computing (hpc), 5g, automobiles and industry, the assessment is that q2 is a profit and profit point is now 202.2 billion square inches. This rebound will continue until 2026, and it is expected that the volume will exceed 16.2 billion squares.
Investment proposal: The “recommended” rating is maintained, taking into account the company's continuing expansion of production capacity as the leader of the national production of semiconductor silicon tablets, at a rate of billions of yuan, corresponding to the current stock price of 234/120/84 times. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.