Events: On March 17, 2025, the company released its Annual Report 2024. In 2024, the company actually returned to its mother ' s net profit of $3.24 billion, 20.4 per cent more than in 2023, q4 more than in 2023.
Household income was 25.2 billion yuan, excluding specific commercialized production projects, which increased by 7.7 per cent over the same period; from Europe, confidence was built in the performance growth of 2025, and the company expected going on business income in 2025. Chemical business performed brightly, with a portion of the assets represented by atu being sold.
In the middle, the small molecular drug discovery (r) operation successfully synthesized and delivered more than 460,000 new billions of dollars to clients, and the elimination of specific commercial production projects increased 6.4 per cent in the same year, and by the end of 2024, it was small.
The total number of molecular d&m tubes amounted to 3,377, including 72 commercialization projects, 80 clinical ii phase projects, 360 clinical ii phase projects, 2,865 pre-clinical and clinical i phase projects. Tides maintained year-round guidelines and their operations grew in reverse
The business (olicanic acid and polythium) achieved revenue of $5,800 million, an increase of 70.1 per cent over the same period. By the end of 2024, Tides had increased by 103.9 per cent over the same year on hand orders, the number of service clients had increased by the same year.
Pharmacy (603259): Performance meets expectations, is reasonable, tides has a high growth in business and is rich in hand orders, and the chemical business is expected to be the main growth point for the company in 2025.
Sinda Securities Inc. 2) test business (wuxitesting): In 2024, the company achieved $5.67 billion in revenue from test business
In real terms, the laboratory analysis and testing service earned $3.86 billion, while the Golden House No. 127, Minwmen West Avenue, Beijing, was 8.0 per cent lower than the same time, mainly because of the fall in market-affected purchase orders, including drug safety.
13.0 per cent decline in income from sexual evaluation operations in the same year: Clinical coro and smo operations earned $1.81 billion, an increase of 2.8 per cent in the same year, with Smo doing 15.4 per cent more than in the same year, testing the business as a whole for weak growth, presumably mainly due to a higher share of domestic business and market competitive pressures
The company continues to build a comprehensive screening platform, with revenues increasing by 18.7 per cent over the same period. The company continues to build the biological capacity of the new molecular class, which accounted for 28 per cent of the ultrabiology portfolio in 2024.
Biology continued to contribute more than 20% of new customers to the company in 2024. We believe that biophysical performance is robust, optimized through structural adjustments, and continue to attract new customers to the company, which is an important enabler of the company’s development.
(4) Termination of operations (wuxiatu): In late 2024, the company signed an agreement to sell the U.S. and British operators of wuxi atu and the U.S. medical equipment testing business, which was classified as termination operations and had been sold and handed over as of the date of publication of the annual report.
We believe that this sale of assets will help the company to reduce its burden, focus on the key profit points, and achieve a rise in roe. The expansion of capacity is balanced, with positive feedback to shareholders.
d &m capacity-building. Specifically, in 2024, a pharmaceutical base for the production of Thai raw materials was put into operation, with an overall build-up of small molecular feedstocks expected to exceed 4,000 kl by the end of 2025, and a total build-up of solid phase synthetics was increased to 41,000l by the end of 2024, with a further increase expected by the end of 2025.
As of May 2024, the Singapore R & D and Production Base was officially opened in May 2024, phase one of the base.
We believe that, as the cxo industry stabilizes, the company, as the leader of the industry, is moving from high-speed to long-term smoothness, with sustained high-quality cash flows expected to translate into shareholder returns. In 2024, the company maintained a 30% annual cash share.
Market Commissioner, with excellent professional background in pharmaceutical chemistry and experience in the operation of the pharmaceutical market, formerly employed in broad-based long-term studies, five years of research experience in the pharmaceutical industry, and in 2024 joined the Sinda securities, covering mainly medical services, cxo, life.
Scientificly advanced, Chinese medicine, etc., has been employed in Fangzheng securities, joined in 2023, and is responsible for research in areas such as medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl, etc.
In 2023, he joined the CSP, covering Chinese medicines, pharmaceutical businesses, pharmacies, and credit securities.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.