The annual revenue from going on business is expected to grow by 2.47% in double digits. In 2024, q4 seasons, the company achieved operating income of 11,539 million yuan, while the small molecule crdmo business remained strong compared to the growth, and Tides business grew at a high rate.
In terms of operations, in 2024, the company ' s chemical business achieved RMB 29.5 billion, excluding specific commercial production projects, which grew by 11.2 per cent in the same year; among them, the small molecular drug discovery (“r, research) business successfully synthesized and delivered more than 460,000 new compounds to clients, which increased by the same amount.
10 per cent and continued downstream flow, with 366 converters from r to d in 2024; strong growth of small molecules d&m; and high growth of Tides operations (oligonucleic acids and multipolymeric acids) with revenue of $5.80 billion, an increase of 70.1 per cent over the same period, by the end of 2024.
In 2024, the company achieved RMB 5.67 billion in testing operations, of which the laboratory analysis and testing services earned RMB 3.86 billion, a decrease of 8.0 per cent over the year, mainly as a result of market influence, and the price factor gradually reflected income as orders were transformed; clinical coro and smo operations earned income.
18.100 million yuan, an increase of 2.8 per cent in the same year; Smo business, an increase of 15.4 per cent in the same year; sustained growth in demand from Chinese industry leaders; and a significant increase in hand orders.
A steady growth of regular operations, with a steady roll-out of tides operations - up to RMB 16.64 billion and a 24.1 per cent increase in the same year for the elimination of specific commercial production projects, out of which the semi-annual reviews: a rapid growth of regular operations, ddsu operations
Clients from Europe earned $5.23 billion, an increase of 14.4 per cent in the same year; customers from China earned RMB 7.70 billion, a decrease of 3.5 per cent in the same year; customers from other regions earned RMB 1.93 billion, the same amount.
The year-end review of the “Long-end” strategy continues to introduce orders, with a 11.4 per cent drop in the core, and the demand for corporate services continues to grow worldwide. By the end of 2024, the company was running on a continuous basis.
Business is ordering RMB 49.31 billion, an increase of 47.0 per cent over the same period. While global investment in pharmaceutical research and development continues to grow, the outsourcing rate continues to rise.
Under the double pressure of a lower and patented cliff, large pharmaceutical companies are expected to promote R & D projects more through external R & D services, increase R & D efficiency and reduce R & D costs, while small pharmaceutical companies do not have sufficient time or capital to build their own laboratories and production facilities for R & D projects, and will therefore do so.
Seeking outsourcing services for R & D and production, especially “integrated, end-to-end” R & D. According to the latest frost & sullivan report of July 2024, global research and development investment in the pharmaceutical industry will increase from $260.6 billion in 2023 to $359.2 billion in 2028.
Up to 58.2 per cent in 2028; the global market for medical research and development outsourcing services (excluding big molecules cdmo) will grow from $136.9 billion in 2023 to $238.8 billion in 2028, with a complex annual growth rate of 11.8 per cent.
Platform companies that develop capacity in production services are expected to benefit from the continued growth in investment in, and increasing outsourcing of, new medicines globally. Very few open new drug research and development service platforms have service capacity in the entire industry chain for new drug research and development.
The service is expanding through a strategy of “following the drug molecules.” The company’s service capacity and size are at the forefront, with a large, diverse and sticky client base, with a sustained “long tail” customer strategy alongside all top 20 pharmaceutical companies around the world.
Efficiency in production operations and accelerated progress in global production and capacity-building are expected to benefit from sustained growth in global access to new medicines and rising rates of outsourcing, above industry levels, and to sustain the risk of falling demand for pharmaceutical R & D services markets, risks of changes in industrial regulatory policies, medicines
The risk of increased competition in the R & D services sector, the risk of globalization and changes in international policy, etc.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.