Pharmacy 2359.hk/603259.ch: Newly signed orders raised again, extra dividends and a share buy-back drive, new signed bill speed lifts and extra dividends and a share buy-back are the biggest positive surprises for the public.
Hu Zewoo, cfa's share price rose sharply today (18 March). Repeated the “buy-in” rating, upgraded the Hong Kong/a share crown commercialization project +5.2% yoy, close to the previous median; adjusted noon-ifrs
Medication Mingkund (2359.hk) Net profit from mother (10.58 billion yuan (-2.5% yoy), adjusted net profit from mother-to-child return non-ifrs wuxiatu+American instrument testing business), new business continuity in 2024
The order is still growing at as much as 30% yoy, far higher than overseas competitors and major domestic competitors, showing strong enforcement and international competitiveness on the side.
One billion yuan in special dividends, and in 2025 one billion yuan a shares will be bought back, and the management chart will assign the h shares to the company for purchase at the prevailing market price through intra-market transactions, not on average as at March (million yuan)
We are pleased to see the additional efforts that companies are making to give back to their shareholders, and it is expected that the market will respond positively to this, which will help boost the growth of the company’s stock. wuxichemistry has achieved a good rate of growth in the same ring (+13% yoy, +13.6% qoq).
qoq), tides income continued to grow strongly (+67.9% yoy, +53.4% qoq). Throughout the year, small molecules d&m earned 17.870 billion yuan (exclusion of the new crown commercialization project + 6.4% yoy); Tides earned $5.8 billion (+70.1% yoy), more than previously.
Tides operations continue to be a major driver of income growth, with Tides operations expected to sustain more than 60% of Yoy’s income growth. At the same time, management has been more cautious about other early business developments, with wuxichemistyr end-of-end revenue expected to continue to be needed
Time recovery (mainly because the early financing end is still slowly recovering), wuxitesting plates and upward Māori predictions (because of decoupled overseas operations). At the same time, we introduced 2027e financial projections.
• Investment risk: geopolitical risk; less-than-expected recovery of the financing environment; intense patterns of competition. Financial statement analysis and forecasting — optimistic and pessimistic scenario assumptions for Pharmacy (2359.hk) spdbi
Pessimism: Corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimism: Corporate growth is better than expected Customer access and project progress is less than expected
(c) Adjusted net interest rates of noon-ifrs above 30 per cent;
(b) Central American geopolitics are better than expected, with adjusted net interest rates of less than 22 per cent;
The Chinese-American friction is escalating, and Ping-jin International pessimism: corporate growth is not as high as expected.
(b) Business growth is better than expected;
(b) Adjusted net interest rates of noon-ifrs above 30 per cent;
The adjusted net interest rate for non-ifrs is below 22%; Central America’s geopolitical position is better than expected; Central America’s friction has escalated.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Legion of Law-Poo Qing International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Poo Qing International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Provision of advice on securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation of legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are given on the date indicated in the document, may be modified without further notice, or may not necessarily be updated to reflect progress made after the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not base any decision or action on investment, withdrawal or other financial aspects of the information in this report alone.
The presentation may be based on a number of assumptions, limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Poo-Bing’s international securities. Poo-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, affiliated companies (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or of the companies concerned, and may from time to time buy or sell them.