The global polyurethane dragon is re-launching on 01st of September, 2025.
Military enterprises, with mdi and tdi at their core, have petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials to build an integrated industrial chain that is highly competitive, and polyurethane operations: mdi supply and demand improvements upwards, and tdi has recovered prices due to overseas installations.
1) The global oligopoly of mdi operations, corporate dominance of mdi expansion, industry growth, subsequent years, followed by the expansion of mdi production capacity of 700,000 tonnes/year expected to take place in 2026, and the firm’s industry position will be further consolidated. In terms of downstream demand, my country has a relatively high demand for electricity.
A strong, and as can be seen from aggregate mdi export data, the demand for overseas properties has performed well and is well supported by the demand for mdi.) Global tdi operations are also oligopolistic, influenced by overseas force majeure, in the short term.
Prices have risen markedly. Over the long term, some of the overseas capacity has been withdrawn, followed by additional production capacity in the industry, which has been limited, and the tdi industry has been able to recover. In July 2025, Coth created an explosion that affected the supply of tdi, triggering a rapid increase in the prices of tdi. The company is a leading global tdi producer, up to 2025.
In August, the company completed phase two of the Fujiantdi project, with a total capacity of 1.44 million tonnes/year, and will benefit significantly from higher product prices.
▪ petrochemical business: the industry's profit base, the industry's profit level is expected to rise in contrast to the inner volume, and the Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Ethylene Phase + will be adjusted to low-cost ethane feed, with a further competitive advantage. By 2025h1, the company's four petrochemical projects had been fully operational and the Ethylene Phase I project was under B
In the process of re-engineering, the company forms the mooring river "Sizing + Light Hydrocarbons + High-end Adaptation". The company plans to adjust the ethylene feedstock phase to ethylene, and we expect that the profitability of the next company's petrochemical plate will improve.
▪ Fine chemicals and new materials business: companies have continued to increase their research and development, focusing on high-value-added products, and production matrices have gradually been enriched. The company’s fine chemicals and new materials business has been gaining harvest time, 2024, the company’s lemon ellipse-fragrance business, 200,000 tons/year poe business, 2025.
The company will continue to expand its market segment and contribute to the growth of its new business.
Companypes are 16, 13, and 11 times higher. Given the company's leadership in the polyurethane industry and the incremental performance of petrochemical and new material projects, we look forward to the company's development, covering the first time that a “buy-in” rating has been given.
1. Global mdi leads to integrated chemicals, formerly a synthesizing plant for tobacco stations, and innovation leads the world ' s chemicals industry.
In 1993, Huanhua embarked on autonomous research and development, successfully mastering the technology for mdi complete preparation. In 2001, the company successfully entered the market, investing in the Ningbo I and II mdi projects, acquiring Hungarian bc, and building the PUR integration project for the smoke station industrial park, resulting in an increase in mdi production capacity.
In the future, the company will continue to innovate and develop its new business while consolidating its market position, moving to figure 2: Māori sales and net interest rates for the company.
Figure 3: The Māori ratio of the company's operations The Smoking National Investment Commission (SNC) holds the shares, with domestic and foreign bases flourishing. As of 2025h1, the company controls the Smoky National Finance Commission (SIC), with the remaining major shareholders investing 10.55% and 9.64% respectively.
In recent years, WCP has continued to promote a strategy of expansion of production capacity, particularly in the core polyurethane products mdi and tdi. As of 2025h1, the company ' s main business layout was Ningbo (1.5 million tonnes/year), Fujian (800,000 tonnes/year, followed by an expansion of 700,000 tonnes/year) and Hungary (400,000 tonnes/year).
Year); company total tdi capacity has reached 1.44 million tonnes/year. 2) PIC operations: based on world-class po/ae integration and large ethylene devices, expanding the c2, c3 and c4 industrial and value chains. In 2024, one phase of project pdh was completed and one-off was achieved.
In April 2025, the company ' s Ethylene II project was successful in driving at once, and the fabric was enriched with product lines consisting mainly of 250,000 tonnes/year low-density polyethylene (ldpe), 400,000 tonnes/year polyolefin elastomers (poe), 732,000 tonnes/year mtbe, 799,000 tonnes/year butadiene, etc., while the rest was used as raw material for internal devices.
Supply. The introduction of Ethylene II would bring significant synergies to HDW chemistry, particularly in the production of high-end polyfin hydrocarbons, such as poe, and would help break the monopoly of foreign firms, especially in the field of photovoltaic film and automobiles. 3) Fine chemicals and new materials operations: the plate has a functional chemicals branch, a new materials division, surfaces.
The industrial chain layout has continued to improve in eight major establishments, namely the Ministry of Materials, the Ministry of High Performance Polymerics, the Ministry of Chlorine Products, Nutrition Science and Technology Limited, Battery Technology Limited, Electronic Materials Limited, etc. Since 2017, corporate globalization has accelerated and foreign revenues have increased rapidly.
Figure 5: Companies ' domestic and foreign revenues (millions of yuan) and foreign share (%) of their R & D inputs are increasing year by year. Companies have achieved varying degrees of process optimization in mdi, tdi, etc.
With sustained R & D inputs and extensive industrial layouts, companies have also built solid moats in new material areas, providing strong support for their long-term development.
2.1.mdi: Industry climate recovery, with an integrated + scale advantage mdi, Chinese-named 4,4'-diphenylmethane diocyanate, the main raw material for synthetic polyurethane (pu). Traditional mdi production processes are based on amphetamine, which is reduced to crude mdi by photogas.
Division of pure mdi and polymer mdi, of which pure mdi accounts for about 30% and polymer mdi for about 70%. Pure mdi or polymer mdi downstream applications differ. 1) Pure mdi rooms are in a state of white or pyropolitic solidity, melted into colorless to microcolouric liquids, mainly for polyurethane elastomers of all types, and downstream mainly for downstream use.
In the related industries, including tpu, ammonia, slurry, soles of shoes, etc., 2) Polymeric mdi is a brown transparent liquid, which is a raw material for the production of polyurethane hard bubbles, semi-hard bubbles, and is used downstream mainly for white domestic electricity, building heat, cars, etc. Global mdi demand continues to grow, and Chinese mdi demand continues to grow at a high rate.
In the area of refrigerators, spinning clothing, driven by a recovery in consumption in 2024, by an old-changed policy in 2025, demand maintained a global oligopoly in the mdi sector, with only eight manufacturers with production capacity in mdi, cr5 = 90% in 2024, and new production in the industry in the next 2-3 years, mainly from Huanhua. Huanhua Chemistry is the world’s largest supplier of mdi, the global market.
Figure 12: Global mdi consumption (tonnes) Figure 13: China mdi apparent consumption (tonnes) Pure mdi: benefiting from a recovery in consumption in downstream tpu, ammonia, etc.
In 2023, domestic consumption of tpu amounted to 670,000 tonnes (+7.8% of the year). In addition, domestic production of ammonia amounted to 1.06 million tonnes in 2024 (+19% of the year).
Figure 17: China's ammonia production (tonnes of tons) Polymdi: domestic white domestic electricity and construction-related areas contribute core demand, overseas exports increase, and aggregate mdi demand gradually improves in 2023-2025.
The production of refrigerators, Chinese freezers, cars + 6%, + 4%, and + 7% respectively, supports the demand for polymer mdi. Moreover, the increase in China’s production of glue also boosts the demand for polymer mdi. Figure 21: Chinese production of glue (tonnes)
Imports and exports: We are one of the main suppliers of mdi globally, with more exports from polymer mdi. The share of pure mdi exports is relatively low, and our import and export trade from polymer mdi is larger than that of pure mdi, and external demand accounts for a higher share of polymer mdi consumption. From the point of export, the United States and Europe are the leading exporters from polymer mdi, but for the last two years.
The demand in the US and Europe is not strong enough, and demand from emerging markets such as Russia and South-East Asia is growing faster. The Vanjumdi industrial chain is fully integrated.
On the other hand, Wanhua, as the world’s largest supplier of mdi, has a large number of devices and a large capacity for single set-up planning, with low investment in one ton, and a significant size advantage. In addition, companies are using technology to improve the efficiency of installation and reduce energy consumption, further reducing production costs.
2.2.tdi: overseas installation disturbance, industrial landscape restoration Toluene diocyanate (tdi) is an internationally recognized “two major one-high” chemical product, i.e. a refined chemical product with high engineering investment, high production control difficulties and high technology content. There are currently two major production processes for the global extraction of tdi.
Process route: 1) Pyrogas: first, the reaction of carbon monoxide (CO) and chlorine into photogas, benzene and nitrate (dnt), then the reaction of DNO and hydrogen into benzodiazepine (tda), and then the treatment of benzodiazepine and photogas into benzodiacate. Pyrogas is the dominant production process in the country.
The solution is liquid phase luminous gas. 2) nitrochemical platinum: The use of dinitrobenzene, carbon monoxide and fatol as catalysts for the use of materials for the use of platinum and for the production of benzene diocyanate through a two-step reaction. This method avoids the use of highly toxic light gas, but the production process is not yet mature due to the use and consumption of precious metal catalysts.
Figure 28: Photogas production process maps tdi and mdi are both raw materials for the production of polyurethane, which can be replaced to some extent by three main points: 1) tdi isocyanate with a higher level of mdi root and a larger volume of blisters per unit mass.
Acid root levels are 48.3%, mdi isocyanate levels are 33.6%, and usually the higher the root content of isocyanate, the larger the volume of the individual bubbles, the greater the volume of the tdi mass bubbles. 2) mdi is less toxic and tdi is highly toxic. mdi is not subject to volatilization, no irritant smell, less toxic to humans, and no special requirements for transport: tdi is volatile and strong
Irritant odours, highly toxic and dangerous, require strict transport. 3) Polymeric mdi and tdi applications exist elsewhere. Polymermdi is used mainly for hard bubbles, for building energy efficiency, refrigerator freezers, etc., and tdi is used mainly for soft bubbles, furniture, cars, etc.
Figure 29: Downstream consumption structure 2022 in China: Figure 30: Import, export and consumption (tdi tons) in China: Supply end: Global tdi devices are disturbed, multi-firm repairs are added to drive prices up to tdi.
1) In the short term: On July 16, 2025, Kosts announced that their tda/tdi, polyether polyol products were subject to force majeure affecting the production capacity of tdi at 300,000 tonnes/year, while the price differential of tdi rose significantly. 2) In the long term, tdi production was shut down from overseas and additional production was generated from within the country.
At the beginning of 2023, Bassov closed Tdi and its precursor devices at the German base at Ludwig port (capable of 300,000 tonnes/year); in 2023, Dong Cao, Japan, stopped production of tdi at Nanyo (capable of 25,000 tonnes/year); and in October 2024, A tons/year), the reason for the external closure by Argentine companies was that Asian tdi production continued to expand, resulting in product prices.
In May 2025, the tri-hole chemical facility in the Japanese Great Fortune Tdi facility was scheduled to conduct a two-month overhaul. After completion of this overhaul, the plant’s tdi capacity will be permanently reduced from 120,000 tonnes/year to 50,000 tonnes/year, in accordance with the previously announced adjustment plan.
The second phase of the 330,000 tonnes/year device has been completed, with a total capacity of 1.44 million tonnes/year; and the WaruHinl is planning 300,000 tonnes/year of tdi capacity. Table 1: Global tdi production patterns (as of August 2025)
Demand side: The demand for downstream furniture and paints is strong and supports the demand for tdi. 1) Polyurethane bubbles: about 70% of the downstream applications of tdi are used for the production of polyurethane bubbles, of which about 62% polyurethane bubbles are used for the production of soft furniture. With the recovery of the Chinese economy, our retail sales of furniture items were fast in 2025.
2) Paints: 19% of the downstream applications of tdi are used for paints. The annual production of paints in the country remains high, with 35.34 million tons of paint produced in 2024, roughly the same as last year.
3.1. Actively developing integrated petrochemical operations and bringing industrial chains together. There are four major projects, the Po/ae Integration Project, the Ethylene Phase I Project, in 2015 and 2020 respectively, and the Penglai Industrial Park High Performance New Materials Integration Project, and the Ethylene II Project, respectively.
The successful driving in April 2024 and 2025 will lead to an important increase in the company ' s petrochemical plate. 1) Po/ae integration project: the project, which is located in a smoke station industrial park with a total investment of $28 billion, will be completed in 2015 and will be in the open mountain in the field of chemicalization in Manchuria.
Pdh devices, along with the downstream construction of devices such as po/mtbe, acrylic acid and esters, and n-butylol, have completed the integrated layout of the c3 production chain. 2) Ethylene Phase I project: The project is located in a smoke station industrial park with a total investment of 16.8 billion yuan and will be operational by 2020,
It is a landmark project in the c2 chain of industry where propane is used as a feedstock, with 1 million tons of products such as po and 650,000 tons of styrene distributed upstream, of which pvc, eo and po are linked to the depth of the polyurethane chain. On 11 June 2024, the company disclosed a report on the environmental evaluation of the 1 million tonnes/year ethylene plant material diversification project.
Conversion of raw materials from propane to ethane, so that they can be flexiblely adjusted to the price of upstream feedstocks. 3) ethylene II project: The project is located in a smoke station industrial park, with a total investment of $17.6 billion. In April 2025, the company ethylene diethylene project succeeded in driving a successful car and enriched the product lines. The project uses sulfur oil and ethylene as blended feed.
The construction of the 1.2 million tonnes of ethylene fission device, equipped with 250,000 tonnes of ldpe, 400,000 tonnes of poe, 200,000 tonnes of butadiene, 550,000 tonnes of fracked gasoline plus hydrogen, 400,000 tonnes of aromatic aromatic pumping etc. downstream. The construction of the ethylene II project will further enhance the diversification of fossil block materials and increase the cost competitiveness of chemicals in parks.
4. Penglai Industrial Park Project for the Integration of New Materials with High Performance: The project is located in Penglai Industrial Park, with a total investment of $23.1 billion. In 2024, one phase of pdh project in Huahua Penglai was completed and a one-time success was achieved, with product quality of tonne pochp, 500,000 tonnes of polyether, 300,000 tonnes of pp., 300,000 tonnes of eo, 300,000 tonnes of eod, 160,000 tonnes of acrylic acid, 160,000 tonnes of acrylic acid,
Installations such as 160,000 tonnes of ABS, 20,000 tonnes of ACCP, 200,000 tonnes of carbonate, 30,000 tonnes of lubricant, while the project will further enhance upstream and downstream synergy through the interconnection of raw materials through pipelines with the smoke station industrial park.
The products are important ingredients for polyether polyols, which can be used to produce polyurethane (PUR) in conjunction with monocrylates, which can reduce the procurement and transport costs of the materials adequately; pdh, hydrogen by-product of vapour fission, which can be used in mdi production, while the hydrochloric acid produced during mdi production can be combined with ethylene for the production of pvc to further enhance the integration of the industrial chain.
3.2. The cost advantages of the ethane route are significant, and the profits of the petrochemical plate are expected to increase. The production of ethylene consists mainly of three routes, namely, oil gas.
Gas-based light-fertile maleic hydrocarbons; 2) coal route means the preparation of maleic hydrocarbons by dehydration of methanol, with a distinction between mto and cto, mainly based on whether or not methanol is purchased from outside; 3) gas route (light hydrocarbon fission) consists mainly of lpg fission and ethane fission, i.e., lpg or ethane feedstock, in high-temperature fission furnaces, by hydrogenic catalytic reaction.
The oil-based route is currently the most important ethylene production mode, accounting for about 73% of the total ethylene production, and the global price of the hydrocarbon product is currently based on the oil-based route. The competitiveness of the different routes depends mainly on the price of raw materials, with significant costs associated with ethane fragmentation in the context of high oil prices.
In recent years, international oil prices and coal prices have been operating at a high overall rate, and the production of shale gas in the United States has continued to grow, with prices for natural gas and ethane falling since the end of 2022, and the cost advantages of ethane cracking have continued to grow. As a result of supply-chain barriers, domestic ethane fission projects have become more difficult to locate, and companies have planned ahead, actively layout them.
It is expected to further enhance the profitability of the petrochemical plate. Currently, ethane fission projects actually landed in the country are divided into three categories: 1) home-grown ethylene ethylene, represented by Middle Oil; 2) ethylene ethylene imports in the United States, represented by satellite chemistry; 3) ethylene, propane, etc. mixed feed ethylene, represented by neopolymers, and so on. This is due to the high import of ethyl ethylene in the United States.
Supply chain barriers require that companies have the corresponding pipelines, docks, and ship attachments, so only one satellite chemistry unit is currently industrialized, while the third group of firms, which are mostly ethane raw materials from traders, are not stable and cost-effective, and are now switched to propane or quartz oils.
Huanhua was one of the first companies to plan the ethane project in the country. In 2022, the company ordered three 99,000 rows of ultra-large ethane transport vessels (vlec), the first of which was delivered in April 2024 and the second in July 2024.
In addition, the company signed the Agreement on the Leasing of the Hulk New Materials (Fukugi) Ltd., and the nine Vlecethane ships, which caters to the ethylene and ethylene purchases of the company, including the new material, which is about to be launched as a Fujian joint venture.
Looking back at history, polyurethane plates are the building blocks of all-China chemistry, and petrochemical plates have further built up upstream platforms for big chemical feedstocks. Looking ahead, downstream material breakthroughs, and value-added increases in the industrial chain, will be an important catcher to start a second-time flight.
4.1.adi: High-end polyurethane core material, with extensive downstream applications, is known as the crown jewels in the icylate industry. Fat and cycling diocyanate (adi) is a product other than the aromatic aromatic species, which is the core material for the production of high-end polyurethane in the adi.
Polyurethane materials are prepared with excellent mechanical performance, excellent photoresistivity, and good anti-aging, high temperature, yellow-resilient, etc., which are key raw materials for space engineers, high end equipment manufacturing, new energy and energy-efficient and environmentally friendly industries. Diedi representative varieties include hexamethyl diocyanate (hdi), amphetamine diocyanate (ipdi),
Dicyclohexyl methane diocyanate (h12mdi), phenyldimethyl diocyanate acetic acetylene (xdi), etc. 4.2.poe: photovoltage downstream demand, multi-water-leading wave of production Poe fully known as polyolefin elastics, with plastic and rubber features, belonging to high-end polycyanate products.
Industrially based mainly on ethylene and α-vinyl hydrocarbons (1-butylene, 1-hexylene, 1-octane), under the conditions of catalysts for ferrous metals, the synthesis of poe using solution polymeration techniques, including technical difficulties of \alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons, catalysts, polymer processes, etc., makes the production of poe relatively complex. 2) Downstream: Poe is widely used in the field of photovolt and automobiles.
4.3. Lemon formaldehyde: The project was successfully launched, with the expansion of the fragrance-aided spice business. Lemon formalde has two structures: vanyl (reverse) and orange aryl (proximate), which are mainly used in synthetic violet violets, rketone-coated mathol, orange ceremonol, vitamina, etc., which are widely used as additives in foods, beverages, tobacco, chemicalization, etc.
As of 2025h1, four major producers in the global lemon formaldehyde industry were Bassov, Coke, Shinzosu, and Manchuria. After 13 years of innovative research and development, the company has been running small tests, with 48,000 tons/year of lemon.
The elliptical-fragrance fragrance project has been launched in 2024q3. Not only has the company achieved the best performance in driving a product of product quality, but also the successful output of the lemon formaldehyde product, which also provides a solid basis for the advancement of downstream spice and nutrient operations.
5.1. Key assumptions and profit projections Polyurethane plates: as of August 2025, the company owned 3.8 million tonnes/year of mdi production, followed by 700,000 tonnes/year of additional mdi production planned by the Man-Wawafort plan, and we are expected to start production in 2026; the company owned 1.44 million tonnes of tdi production capacity
Polyurethane plates are expected to recover steadily as the mdi, tdi downstream property chain needs are repaired, as well as in the areas of automobiles, fibre optics, and taking into account the increase in the price of tdi as a result of the installation disturbance overseas. Pulse plates: the company’s four major petrochemical projects are fully operational and will continue to be companies as the production capacity of the product progresses.
Contribution performance. 2025h1, corporate petrochemical projects are less profitable, and supply and demand patterns vary mainly for the production of acetylene products. In the face of high oil prices, the cost advantage of the ethane fission route is significant, with the company adding ethylene feed to phase I/II, and the polyoric production of the petrochemical plate, including hdi, tpu, poe, plat, etc., is expected to show high growth, taking into account that the plate performance is expected to increase rapidly.
With a higher overall value added, we expect to increase the level of plate Maori. By reference, the company is the leader of the domestic chemical industry, operating across polyurethane, petrochemicals, new materials, and so on, we have chosen the crematorium of China, the glorification of petrochemicals, the new and the satellite chemistry as a comparable company: China.
Inner ammonia fibres and polyurethane primary fluids are the leading enterprises in the country; Pyrochemicals are the leading refining and integration enterprises in the country, close to the company ' s petrochemical plate business; there is a convergence with the company in such business areas as hdi, fragrance, etc.; and satellite chemistry is the representative enterprise in the country for light hydrocarbon cracking.
Given the company's leading position in the polyurethane industry and the growth in performance associated with the expansion of the petrochemical plate and the arrival of new materials projects, we look forward to the company's development prospects, and for the first time we cover the “buy-in” rating. Prices of raw materials fluctuate significantly: the company's upstream raw materials consist mainly of large quantities of crude oil, ethane, propane, power coal, etc.
Commodities, and raw materials, account for a relatively high share of the production costs of downstream products, with large fluctuations in the prices of raw materials, or with the result that macro-demand recovery is not as strong as expected: corporate polyurethane, petrochemicals, etc., are closely related to macro-demand performance, and if downstream demand recovery is not as high as expected, it will affect corporate-product profitability performance.
Postponement of project implementation: more projects are in the construction or planning stages of the company, which will affect the performance of the company if the subsequent project is implemented at a slower rate than expected. New materials are not as popular as expected: new material products need to be field tested, tested, industrialized, commercialized, etc.
The series of steps, if some of the products are not developed or promoted as fast as expected, will slow down the performance of the new material plate. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), the three major financial forecasting tables of Manhua Chemistry, Dong Wu Securities Inc., Inc., is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.