I've decided to increase and improve the equity structure and increase the ability to invest in credit, and I've been working with the company, and I've been working with the company, and I've been working with the bank, and I've been working with the government, and I've been working with the bank, and I've been working with the bank, and I've been working with the bank, and I've been working with the bank, and I've been working with the bank, and I've been working with the bank, and I've been working with the bank, and I've been working with the bank.
Chan Jun Liang Tian Weiwei Company Bulletin: Postal Bank Report on the Distribution of Non-Closed Shares, as of 22 March 2023
The sum of $6.777 billion in shares in the undisclosed shares, issued at a price of $6.64 billion, is raised by China's Mobile Group, which subscribes in full in cash. In accordance with the relevant provisions of the China CSRC, the China Silver Insurance Board, and the submission offices, the shares that China's Mobile Group subscribes to for this undistributed share cannot be transferred for a period of five years from the date of the acquisition of the shares.
Overall view: We believe that the Postal Bank will enrich the capital of the company, enhance its capacity to service the real economy and help to maintain its long-term capacity The Postal Bank will complete a fixed increase of $45 billion to supplement the core level of capital The Postal Bank released the " Non-Publicly Issued a Stock Scheme " on 27 October 2022; and on 7 December 2022, it will be certified by the Silver Insurance Supervisory Board.
On 29 March 2023, the company issued a report on the distribution of shares in undisclosed shares, completing the increase by raising a net sum of RMB 44.98 billion to supplement core-level capital. * China’s mobile groups fully subscribe to it, which will help improve the equity structure, and it is hoped that there will be coordinated business development in the future.
From the perspective of the issuer, the Postal Bank was fully subscribed to by the Chinese Mobile Group, which did not participate. After the launch, the Postal Group remained a corporate shareholder, with a shareholding rate down to 62.78%; the Chinese Mobile Group held 6.83%, making it the company’s second largest shareholder. We believe that this would help improve the company’s equity structure, increase shareholder diversity and lay the foundation for better diversification in the future.
In terms of fixed price increases, the present fixed increase represents the net assets of each PBS shareholder belonging to the parent company at the end of 2021 after the completion of the 2021 profit distribution programme, i.e. $6.64 per share. The price increases show the Chinese mobile group ' s confidence in the future development of the PSB, and, in combination with the shareholding ratio, also mean that the Chinese mobile group ' s investment in the PBS is not limited to the financial level and is expected to be operational in the future.
China Mobile Communications Group Limited, a central enterprise founded in 2000 with a registered capital of RMB 300 billion, aims to create world-class businesses, network powers, digital China, intelligent society leaders, and insists on innovation-driven development and speeds up the pace of transformational upgrading. It has become the leading telecommunications operator for the largest global network, with the largest number of customers, the highest profitability and brand value, and the highest market value.
As a telecommunications operator with large individual users, China’s mobile groups are expected to cooperate with the PBS in the future in the areas of services to retail customers and facilitating the digitalization of banks, both of which have the potential to develop synergies.
It is hoped that this increase will boost the profitability of the companies by increasing the capacity of the banks to deliver credit, which will provide sufficient capital support to the banks to further improve their asset structure and enhance their profitability. In recent years, the banks have continued to optimize their asset structure, increasing their share of total assets, with loans accounting for more than half of the total assets, 2022 for the first time since 2022.
At the end of the three-month period, 51% was achieved, but there is still room for further improvement compared to the share of loans in the industry, which is close to 60%. Moreover, there is a significant advantage in the liability of the Postal Bank, which is rich in deposit resources, with only 56% of the current credit ratio, and much room for improvement compared to the ratio of more than 80% in the industry.
The credit risk weight of loans is relatively high compared to non-credit assets, and the capital consumption is relatively high, and this increase in capital replenishment is expected to sustain the growth capacity of corporate credit, helping the Postal Bank to seize the credit delivery opportunities offered by the current economic recovery and contributing to the continued optimization of the corporate asset structure, thereby contributing to increased profitability. Moreover, increased credit lending also helps to strengthen corporate support for the real economy.
• The current stability of the Postal Bank’s fundamentals, which are expected to sustain the growth capacity of the company and maintain the growth character of the major bank, as measured by its recently disclosed performance, is stable. (1) The performance of the Postal Bank reflects the growth character of the major bank. The company achieved business income of $25.6 billion in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 7.8%, and a net return of $73.8 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of the same value.
14.5%. Annualized roao-76% in the first three quarters of 2022, annual weighted average roe 13.9% less than the previous year by 0.02 100% and 4bps less than the same period. However, companies achieved net fees of $23.6 billion, an increase of 40.0% over the previous year.
This increase will enrich the capital of the Postal Bank and help to sustain its long-term growth capacity while increasing its ability to invest in corporate credit and contribute to increasing its profitability. At the end of the third quarter of 2022, with a core-calibre capital adequacy rate of 9.55%, the first-level capital adequacy rate will strengthen the capital strength of the company, strengthen its capital base for the long term, and continue to maintain the company’s growth character.
We believe that the PSB will increase the capital of the company, enhance its capacity to service the real economy, and help to maintain its long-term growth capacity. A weak macroeconomic situation may have a negative impact on the quality of the bank’s assets.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject