Big banks continue to improve their interest-rate spreads, fee-earnings continue to increase rapidly, profits have increased steadily in the first three quarters of Big Banks, and the recovery rate has continued to rise faster than the industry.
Long, three-quarter interest differentials have improved, and asset quality has generally stabilized. Given the continued improvement in corporate interest differentials and excess interest differentials, fees continue to grow rapidly, profits have increased steadily and fees continue to increase rapidly.
In the first three quarters, there was a steady increase in net profits, with net profits increasing by 13.1 per cent over the previous quarter, compared with the first half of the year, as a result of a reduction in net interest differentials compared to the first half of the year, resulting in a slowdown in net interest receipts by 6.1 to 36.5 per cent over the first half of the year; and in the first three quarters, in terms of fees and fees.
Still, the rate of increase in fees (+19.0%) is not very low in absolute terms, especially in the hands of big banks, whose renewal revenues no longer include credit card instalments, and 19.0% of the same rate of increase is still expected to be at a leading level in the comparison of listed banks. Moreover, the first three quarters of big banks have recorded a 33.1% drop in their investment returns on a certain course.
By the end of the third quarter, the size of the Great Light Bank assets had increased by 8.45/1.64 per cent, respectively.
In the context of lower market capital interest rates, there has been an appropriate increase in co-liabilities to reduce end-of-the-end costs, and in the case of co-operative liabilities, the net interest gap of the top banks in the first three quarters has been 2.29 per cent, a further increase of 1 bp over the first half of the year. We measure the net interest gap of the top banks in the third quarter by 2.33 per cent, and the ring by 6 bp.
End-of-end rate of return increased by 3bp over the two-quarter period, while end-of-liability cost remained generally stable. Quality of assets remained robust and the base of provision needed to be further strengthened.
By the end of the three quarters, the RMB has increased by 1.06 percentage points to 179%, and there is still room for further improvement in the RMB coverage to further enhance risk preparedness.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations and the economic downturn has led to a higher than expected decline in asset quality.
I'm sorry. I'm so excited. I'm so sorry.
Matters: 3rd Quarterly Report 2019 published by Grand Bank, with net profits in the first 3 quarters of 2019 equal to 13.1% + 13.1%, with total assets of 4.72 trillion yuan (+8.45%, yoy/+1.64%, qoq). Loans + 12.2% yoy/+2.53% qq; deposits + 19.2% yoy/0.13% qq. Business earnings have increased steadily and fees revenue has increased rapidly.
In the first three quarters, the profits of large banks grew steadily, with net profits increasing by 13.1% over the same period, equal to the first half of the year. In the first three quarters, corporate income increased by 23.2% over the same period, a slight decrease of 3.4 percentage points over the first half of the year.
Listed banks are still expected to be on the lead in comparison. Moreover, large banks experienced a 33.1 per cent drop in investment returns in the first three quarters of the year, some degree of delay in the growth rate.
By the end of the third quarter, the size of large banks ' assets had increased by 8.45/1.64 per cent, the loan ring by 2.5 per cent, the equity investment ring growth had slowed, while companies had appropriately increased their corporate liabilities to reduce their end-of-the-life costs in the context of lower market interest rates, by 5.6 per cent, and by 1 percentage point to 19.9 per cent of total liabilities.
Three-quarter net interest differentials are 2.29%, a further increase of 1 bp over the first half of the year. We measure three-quarter single-season net interest differentials for large banks.
By the end of the three quarters, the RMB was 1.54% and the RMB was 3bp less. The negative rate has been improving continuously since the beginning of the year. We measure the RMB is 1.44% and 16bp is down from the 2nd quarter. By the end of the 3rd quarter, RMB has increased its coverage by 1.06 percentage points to 179%, and there is still room for further improvement in the RMB coverage to further enhance risk preparedness.
Large banks have seen steady growth in profits in the first three quarters, while the growth rate of revenue growth has remained relatively high in the industry, with three-quarter interest-rate spread rings improving, and asset quality generally stabilizing. Given corporate interest differentials and high expectations, we have increased the net profit growth of the big banks in 19/20 to lower-economic asset quality in excess of expectations.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy, as well as the profitability of the economy, thereby affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy goes below expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.