Net profit in the three quarters of the year increased by 22 per cent, client restructuring into a new growth cycle $9,225 million, an increase of 27.48 per cent, and net profit in the mother by 977 million, an increase in the same year.
2024q3, coupled with the continued growth of stock clients and the build-up of new downstream vehicle-type projects (Quest/Hover/Wide/Technology/Krypton, etc.), the company's record-highness, its performance exceeded the client transition pain of the car industry 27pc, and its complete restructuring was achieved in 2024 (from the German solar system, etc.).
The front lights have been continuously upgraded from led-adb-dlp, and the average price of the car lights has been raised. Carlights, as the core vehicle vision, have been able to upgrade the product, and industry prices have been raised year by year.
In the first half of 2024, the company undertook 38 new vehicle-type research and development projects, achieving 22 vehicle-type projects.
“Seonwoo shares (601799.sh)—Seam stocks (601799.sh)—Quarterly harvests have reached an all-time high, customer structure is fully productive, the company Serbia’s star production capacity is gradually released, together with Headquarters to host the client globalization project”, “Seonwoo shares (601799.sh)—Quarterly receipts have increased by 25 per cent over the same period, with new orders,
In addition, the company is registered to set up the Mexican and American Stars to further improve the overseas layout.
"Sung Woo shares (601799.sh) - Recycles and Perspectives of Autonomous Car Lamps " - technology hd lighting and projecting intelligent headlights, pixels based on microled/miniled technology, Starwoo shares (601799.sh) - three-quarter collection beyond the auto industry, strategic cooperation
Showing interactive lights, innovative research and development of smart digital grids/digital bumpers based on innovative materials and light-source technologies, development of lamp controllers hcm/rcm/lcu and sensor car lights self-closing loop systems.
The net profit for the parent was 380 million yuan, an increase of 22 per cent. The company earned 9,225 million in the first three quarters of 2024, an increase of 27.48 per cent in the same year, and the net profit for the parent was 977 million, an increase of 25.02 per cent in the same year.
New heights, revenue performance exceeds that of the car industry by 27 pct (1.92% on average). To sum up, Starwoo experienced client transition pains in 2021-2023 and achieved a complete overhaul of the client structure in 2024 (from German-ythropology-based joint venture clients to major-owned brands and new energy customers) to a full new growth.
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income and rate of increase over the same period for the share of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the star, figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate for the share of the stock of the stock of the stock of the star, figure 6: Māori rate and net interest rate for the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the star
Figure 7: Changes in the cost of the four S.A. shares, Figure 8: Changes in the cost of the four S.I.S. shares in the quarter, Overall, 2024q3, growth in stock sales, accumulation of new force multipliers, increase in corporate revenue
In the third quarter of 2024, the growth rate was 27.48% for the Starfleet, 1.90% for the same year, and the growth rate for the company was 24.77% for the 2024q3 Starfleet, 1.92% for the same speed, and 26.7% for the company.
Correspondent microdata, 2024q3, Chirí production, question world production, mass mass (including Audi) production, a gas ton production, red flag production, ideal output, argon delivery, argon production, argon production, gas production +33.5 %/+628.8 %/-21.8 %/-54 %/-2.8 %/+48.4 \/ +10.) %/-22.8 %/-17.quantity %
At the end of the industry, the technological trend in front lights is towards electronicization and intellectualization. With the introduction of front lights, the front lights are being developed towards adb, hd-adb and dlp.
Information exchange, personal vehicle interaction, etc.. Post-combined lamps, with separate post-combined lamps heading through the trajectories. There is a clear trend in the development of the lights, which increases the size of the vehicle's tail lights, makes the whole car more beautiful and secure. Small lights, with consumer-specific demands, are new.
At the same time, car dressings, such as logo lamps and lighting grids, are increasingly being used by major hosts, companies at the end of which the product dimension enhances new technology development applications, customers continue to increase the product dimension of new energy vehicle-type projects, companies enhance the development and application of new technologies, and collaborate through industrial chains (Rain soft horizons,
On the one hand, in recent years, the company has stepped up the development and application of new technology in carlights and introduced new products such as a carlight controller, a "loose as one" solution. The company has enhanced the development and application of new technology, including but not limited to: 1) the continuous development of dlp slides based on dmd technology; 2) the continuous development of hds based on microlled technology.
Ming and projecting intelligent pre-lights; 3) pixel display interactive lamps based on microlled/miniled technology; 4) innovative research and development of smart digital grids/digital bumpers based on innovative materials and light-source technologies; 5) development of the lamps controller hcm/rcm/lcu and the sensor lamp self-closed loop system.
On the other hand, the sung-woo shares expand the circle of capabilities through industrial-chain collaboration (Ion Soft, Horizon, Hua-Dao, Cut-A-Technology, Euromelon, etc.) to develop new electronics products for cars. Artificial intelligence technology and high heights, October 15, 2021, both parties signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Hangzhou with Ion Soft-Tech Ltd.
On February 16, 2022, Changzhou Starlight Inc. and China Tech Ltd. in East China.
China signed a letter of intent to cooperate in light-based smart-car operations. Under the agreement, the two sides will win and benefit from each other’s advantages, with a view to serving global customers. Strategic collaboration in the area of smart-car lights will be carried out to build a close strategic partnership for sustainable development.
The manufacturing of end-to-end capacity, leading the development of the smart lights industry, creating a continuously leading intellectual system solution in industry that is competitive, as well as full operational cooperation in the area of smart vehicle lighting. We believe that dlp project lamps are both an opportunity and a challenge for the traditional lights industry, and that the industrial chain is working together.
The new technology changes in the light industry are particularly important, and Stars, in collaboration with enterprises such as upstream chips, software algorithms, and based on their own advantages such as traditional structural design, optical and electronic design, are expected to continue to occupy the lead in forward product development and development, widening the gap with other autonomous brands of cars in the country.
Figure 17: Mr. Lin and Mr. Liu Xingjun signed a letter of intent for cooperation on behalf of both sides.
The Director-General announced that aito asked the flag ship suv model m9 was on the market in December 2023, and described the supplier's provision of a complete pre- and post-stage light for the m9 independently developed by the company's autonomous multipixadb system, which could be controlled simultaneously with the millions of level dlp modules developed jointly by China.
Precision sheltering with pedestrians has significantly improved the driver ' s experience of car safety. Figure 18: Question world m9 prelights, Figure 19: Question world m9 combined lights
In 2024, the volume of m9 sales increased on a monthly basis, with a cumulative sales volume of 10,82 million in January-September 2024. On 1 June 2023, the Stars and Eurometallurgical semiconductors officially announced the signing of a strategic cooperation agreement. Under the agreement, the two sides will work together in the area of motor intelligence and will work together to provide high-performance and low-performance to the automobile industry.
Products and solutions such as cost, high quality smart car lamps, and autopilots. In the development of smart car products, innovative products that meet market demands, such as smart lights, autopilots, are developed jointly on the basis of the Euromelt semiconductor Dragon Spring series of chips platforms, providing more intelligent solutions for the automobile industry.
More in-depth collaboration will take place in the broader areas of standard technology, chip customization development, providing stronger support for future-oriented innovation in the area of smart motors.
On October 15, 2021, Changzhou Starlight and Ion Soft Technologies formally signed a strategic cooperation agreement in Hangzhou.
In addition, the horizons had announced the completion of a three-round fund of $350 million, with a total integration and collaboration in the manufacture of sophisticated optical electronic products, supply chain management, and intensive collaboration around the application of artificial intelligence technologies and high-performance smart visual products in the field of automobiles.
On February 15, 2023, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed between Stars and Horizon in Changzhou, announcing a core base of “car code chip plus algorithms” based on the accumulated experience of Stars in the field of intelligent manufacturing.
Beacon is a point of entry, with the objective of operational cooperation to “comply with the rules, produce and deliver”, and strategic partners such as the mainframe plant and the spare parts supplier are working together to advance the volume of the “bread as one” solution.
Officially fixed points have been obtained for a domestic head car company, using only a single drive ~3 with a sensor configuration of 5 r6v to easily achieve a level-I2+ car support, including variable aids; and, through soft and algorithmic optimization, time-to-use recovery of the computational resources, integration parking on the same soc chip, etc.
Parking support function, which fully exploits the potential of a journey 3 through a unique software architecture design to enhance product competitiveness at high value to allow more entry-type end-users to experience the mobility aids.
On May 23, 2023, Starwoo and Beijing Track 1 Technology Co. Ltd. (Technology I) signed in Changzhou.
The Strategic Cooperation Agreement, which combines the resources and technological advantages of their respective industries, provides strategic cooperation in the areas of vehicle-mounted laser radar and intellectual driving technology development, integration of lamp products, production and manufacturing, and promotes technological innovation and market expansion.
The idea is to continue deep-deeping in the field of front-loading long-range and near-blind laser radar technology, with the strategic objective of building high-reliability, high-resolution, low-cost, solid-state laser radars. Currently, one-size-fits-all lasers, radar products have been commercialized in several autopilot applications.
The order dimensions, the quality of new projects, provide a strong guarantee for the company’s future development. In the first half of 2024, the company took over 38 new vehicle-type R & D projects and achieved 22 vehicle-type projects.
Client dimensions, companies continuously scaling up new energy vehicle-type projects. In the first half of 2022, companies accounted for about 40% of new energy-car-type projects, and quality new projects.
The company’s clients now include the German public, the Volkswagen public, the Volkswagen public, Daimler, the Beijing Mercedes, the BMW, the Huaming BMW, the General Motors, the Upwards, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan.
On July 2, 2024, the Volkswagen Volkswagen Congress of Mass Automobiles was held in the city of Wolfsburg, Germany, at a rally of a number of domestic and international car-building companies, including Red Flags, Gilly, Chiri, Ideals, America, Pelicans, Cyrus, and a well-known interstate new energy company.
As a partner with the Mass Motors Group for 25 years, the Group has been fully committed to ensuring the quality and delivery of its products. The Award is a tribute to the high quality of the service that the Group provides to the Public Motors Group.
It is also a full recognition of the company’s domestic and Serbian factories, and it is an incentive for Star to accelerate the globalization and development of its operations and further enhance the company’s international competitiveness. On September 20, 20, 2024, the Car 2024 Partnership, with the theme “Forward, Up, Up”
The conference was held in the city of Heung Yu, Anhui Province. Starwoo was invited to the conference and awarded a second year of honor of 2024 dollars in high quality, the Viet Nam Partners Award (nqpp). The first partnership in the new energy automobile industry was the full-scale quality assessment award and the highest recognition of partners, which is annual.
On October 14th, 2024, the Global Partners Conference of the ideal car was re-emerged at the U-Bing House in Changzhou, bringing together representatives of the government and related domestic and foreign companies to talk about development and empowerment.
Awarded the “Best Supply Award” with excellent supply capacity, quality and precision services, high quality products, highly recognized by ideal clients.
Award (nqpp) Figure 32: Starwoo shares won the “Best Supply Award” for ideal cars, and companies promoted globalization and expanded overseas markets.
In addition, the company is registered to set up the Mexican and United States Stars, and Jinichi has completed the repurchase of shares to be used for the follow-up employee holding scheme.
As of 31 July 2023, the share of Star Woo had been repurchased to follow up on the employee holding plan. 1) As of 30 April 2023, the company had completed its first repurchase of shares and repurchased 1.41 million shares (up to a maximum price of 119.00 cumulatively at $220 million (including transaction costs).
In addition, the company advanced the digitalization changes. In 2023, the company continued to advance the digitalization changes, completing the acceptance and review of the planned projects, conducting cross-checking of the mom systems in selected plants and achieving data efficiency through bi
In 2023, the company was honoured with the maturity of the state's intellectual manufacturing capacity, with three levels of intellectual manufacturing, demonstration factories, green factories, and digital transformations with sufficient stage results, cars, etc.) and added to the volume of new downstream vehicle-type projects (questioning, access, intellectuals, polar kryptons, etc.), and the company's collection schedule.
In the medium- and long-term, new orders from Starwood shares + new products + new products + new products to protect performance. Client dimensions, now that the Stars are in the hands of new forces (America, Peng, Ideas, Cyrus, a world-renowned new energy company, etc.) and head branding clients (Gily)
Business systems and acquisition of projects. In the first half of 2024, the company took over 38 new vehicle-type R & D projects with a total of 22 vehicle-type projects, with high quality new projects providing strong guarantees for the future development of the company; production dimensions, with the progressive release of the company ' s Serbian stellar capacity, in coordination with its headquarters.
As new technologies, such as dlp project lights and ddb lights, have evolved into markets, as they have enhanced new technology development applications, and as companies now develop new technologies for their products, it is not limited to developing new ones.
Ongoing development of dlp projecting smart headlamps based on dmd technology, continuous development of hd lighting and projection smart headlamps based on microlled technology, pixel displays based on microlled/miniled technology Interlating lamps, innovative development of smart digital grids/digital bumpers based on innovative materials and light-source technologies, lighting control
The manufacturer hcm/rcm/lcu and the sensor lamp self-closing system. On February 15, 2023, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the horizon in Changzhou to move forward with the production of the "Mobing One Solution" and the "Mobile One" solution, based on the Horizon 3-car chip development, has been secured in the country.
In 2024, the company is expected to achieve a performance resonance from the release of new products, such as car-type orders plus overseas plants plusadb, dlp, and the “one-stop” solution. Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts, maintain better ratings than big markets.
Long-duration lights on the track, 1) corporate product intelligence, carlight products, new technology for mainstream lights such as susp, dlp, starlights, gridlights, R & D progress and basic synchronization of global traffic lights, electronic car products, sung-woo shares to enhance the development and application of light controllers, and to coordinate through the industrial chain (Glass, Huai, China, China).
(b) New energy generation for company clients, domestic markets, and suspense shares, active in the development of new power energy customers, with a rising share of new energy customers; and (c) Globalization of corporate customers: The plant in Selvey is the first vehicle-lighting capacity for the expansion of Sorbonne overseas, and currently, the Sorbonne stock front lights are estimated to be in the domestic market.
15% of the world’s cities are estimated to be between 3 and 4%, followed by the opening of global clients of the world’s globalization. Comparable company valuations: we choose Burtley, also with import substitution logic; Boda, the core standard of the engine chain; Tupou Group, a concussion-resive soundproofing company, to conduct comparable corporate valuations (comparable company’s market value level or industry).
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.