Tian Chi material (002709); short performance pressure, reporting reasons: performance rating; long sails
The electrolyte taps are strong and the core raw materials are self-supplied. According to the data, in 2023, the company had 36.4% and the global cities 31.2% of the electrolyte, respectively, in the first place. The self-supplied ratio of lithium hexafluoride and lifsi reached 93% and some core additives reached over 80%.
On 5 December 2023, the company announced the use of self-financed investment to build the "Tythium Carbon Acid Project" with a 14-month construction cycle, with no more than a total investment.
RMB 1.07 billion; 2) Resource cycle: The company ' s lithium carbonate pure production line was successfully launched, producing chain processing capacity from the end of the raw material to the high end of the carbon acid lithium, and perfecting the company ' s layout at the end of the resource. The company ' s dailyized materials, influenced by market price fluctuations, achieved revenues of RMB 1,017 million in 2023, a decrease of 10.43 per cent in comparison, but the product ' s Maori was relatively stable, with dailyized materials in 2023.
This is a 7.6 per cent increase, with companies implementing a marketing strategy that is deeply tied to large clients, sodium sulfaic acid entering the Arashlande supply chain system, while working with large clients to develop and supply their key raw materials, and continuously increasing their market share in international mnc, such as Olya, Bounty, Unilever, etc.
Avita at the head of the rock, and the growing power of the industrial and commercial reservoirs - the weekly report on the battery and energy storage industry.
2. The electricity spot market continues to improve, with independent storage capacity. Figure 3 Company ' s operating income for the single quarter (in billions) Figure 4 Company ' s net profit return for the single quarter (in billions)
The decrease of 13.94 percentage points over the same period was due mainly to increased competition in the industry, falling electrolysis prices, the consolidation of the terminal market, the strong position of the electrolytic taps, the high self-supply of raw materials, and the good progress overseas, which, according to the data, was 36.4 per cent and 31.2 per cent, respectively, in 2023, both in the company ' s home and in the global market.
First, the company has a self-supply ratio of lithium hexafluoride and lifsi of more than 93% and some core additives of more than 80%. Despite fluctuations in electrolyte prices, the company’s market share and profitability levels continue to be industry leaders.
Figure 72023 Competition patterns in the domestic electrolysis field. Figure 82023 Global electrolytic field competition patterns. Lithium hexafluorphosphorate: company in collaboration with central Japanese nitromer, in combination with its own advantages, phosphorus pentafluoride as a core feedstock, compared to phosphorus.
Traditional processes, where products are pure and non-chlorinated, and which are more suitable for large-scale production and cost advantages. Lifsi: In recent years, lithium battery material technology has evolved, and the demand for it in the downstream market has increased with excellent properties, at a price of 415,000 yuan per tonne in July 2022.
The company, by adjusting its price strategy, accelerated the promotion of electrolyte formulation products and solutions to add lifsi, some core phosphate. Lithium battery customers have been introduced in batches.
According to the figures, the global output of lifsi in 2023 was 12,700 tons, and the city of the gifted material was the number one with 55%. Figure 92022 - to date, lifsi prices (millions of yuan)
Figure 102023 Global competition patterns in lifsi Markets Actively produced by companies and successful overseas projects. In 2023, the company focused on Sichuan electrolytic fluids, liquid lithium hexafluoride production in Ikizhou, iron production capacity for phosphoric acid, and lithium carbonate pure production capacity in Xijiang, further upgrading the company ' s raw materials.
In addition, the company has set up a sample room in Korea, with precise packages of lg, sdi, etc., to improve the efficiency and quality of its new projects.
1.3. Active deployment of upstream resources to accelerate the recovery and reuse of used and end-of-life batteries 1) lithium resource layout: On 5 December 2023, the company announced the use of self-financing investments for the construction of the "Titium Acid Project " , a project with a 14-month construction cycle, with a total investment of up to RMB 1.07 billion.
It is important for the company ' s upstream and downstream industrial chain to upgrade the cost advantages of products such as the company ' s electrolyte fluids and lithium phosphate, which significantly increase the profitability and market competitiveness of strong companies.) The resource cycle: the company ' s pure production line for lithium carbonate is successfully put into operation and the process of refining lithium carbonate wetting has been initiated.
Building raw material chain processing capacity from the original mine to high-purity lithium carbonate, and improving the company’s layout at the end of the resource. Around the supply of raw materials, lithium carbonate, the company has now developed business layouts such as battery dismantling and recycling, and lithium high-purity carbonate purity, to achieve efficient use of resources, and to deepen the industrial cycle layout.
East Sea securities dongaisecurities. Figure 12 Strengths of used lithium battery recovery technology
Figure 11 Company solution for recovery of used lithium batteries shows an indication of 1.4. Solarized materials are stable, increasing their share of the overseas market by 6.0 ptt. Companies implement deep marketing strategies to bind large domestic and foreign customers and sodium sulfate has been introduced into Arashlande supply.
A major breakthrough in the chain system, coupled with the development and supply of its key raw materials by large clients, continues to expand its market share in international mnc, such as Oréa, Pauque, and Unilever. Considering that companies are leading the lithium electrolyte industry, new additives + glues will help companies develop new growth points.
The risk of volatile demand for new energy vehicles: companies will run the risk of falling in business performance in the future if the demand for downstream electric vehicles declines, large-scale downturns in the market and a cutback in production. Competition among electrolyte producers increases the risk: current electrolyte producers expand their production, industry competes more, and electrolytes.
Prices continue to fall, and companies will be exposed to a downside risk if they fail to expand their customers and increase their market share. Raw material price volatility risks: company profitability is closely linked to raw material costs, and the current price of lithium carbonate falls sharply, prompting a downward trend in lithium hexafluoride prices, and if companies fail to purchase and produce raw materials at the right price, they will be profitable.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.