The electrolyte fluids are still resilient, and the battery is putting glue in the immediate investment rating: buying (for the first time) $181 million, and the electrolytic fluid profit space compresses to corporate pressure.
The volume of electrolytic fluid sales has increased steadily, and the bottom level is expected to return to heat in 24 years. 23 years of corporate lithium ion cell material operations have generated $14,104 million, with a Māori rate of 25.26 per cent, and head position added to the integrated layout ensures the company ' s profitability.
We believe that the electrolyte plates will continue to be grinded in the first half of the year, with gradual warming expected in the second half of the year, with the company expected to deliver 500,000 tons of electrolyte in 24 years, with a net gain of 0.27 million yuan per ton per ton.
In addition, the company plans to upgrade its production capacity at the distance and at the same time that the electrolytic fluids are under pressure while the company develops a new profit point at the end of the cycle.
Don't make the delivery of 47.53 million tons, with a single ton net gain of 0.27/030,000 yuan per ton, and the company's overall net profit price fluctuations; output expansion less than expected; storage less than expected; and storage less than the 2023 company's performance was pressured and less than expected. Lithium carbonate prices fluctuated significantly and the company was large in the second half of the year.
Figure 2 Quarterly operating income (millions of yuan) Figure 1 Quarterly operating income (billions)
Quarterly Māori rates and net interest rates (%)
Chart 5 shows Māori and net interest rates (%) in recent years. Financial costs have increased on a year-on-year basis, with interest on transferable debt being charged during the reporting period; and R&D costs have increased on the same basis, with some of the new R&D projects in the early stages of R&D and increased R&D inputs during the reporting period.
Figure 7 Cost period (%) %2 of unsophisticated raw materials, electrolytic fluid plate immobilization, 2.123 deceleration of electrolytic fluids and further increase in industrial concentration
The rate of increase in the electrolyte industry has slowed, and the rate of intra-business output has decreased. The volume of electrolyte products in the country has increased since 2017 and increased significantly between 2020 and 2022, by 88.48 per cent. The total domestic output of electrolyte in 23 years was 11.38 million tons, or 27.7 per cent.
Figure 8 Overview of the lithium electricity industry, increased concentration in the electrolytic fluid market, with a clear lead in the market share. In the first half of 2018-2023, the country ' s electrolyte industry, cr1, showed a year-on-year upward trend, cr3, which was at a long-term high level, and cr5, which sustained the shock.
Among them, the share of the market was 34.7%, 16.7%, and 11.6%.
Figure 12 Main electrolyte plants, market share (2023) Cost-added pricing model for the new Zeus State, Biadei State, Tyvarong Kunlon Chemical chemist, and 2.2 electrolyte fluids, with a downswing in the price of lithium carbonate infestation fluids
The electrolysis liquids are priced on a cost-added basis, and the price of the finished product is influenced more by price fluctuations in the raw material. 1) In terms of the composition of the electrolytic fluids: the solution consists mainly of the solvent, the solvent lithium salt and the additive component. The soluble lithium salt is a core component of the electrolyte and directly determines the electrolyte performance, the main function of which is at the cell positive and negative poles.
Lithium ion is passed between. Lithium hexafluorate has good conductivity and electrochemical stability, while preparation costs are low, which is the solution of the electrolytic solution commonly used in industry; 2) in terms of the cost of the electrolytic fluid: the cost of the electrolyte can be divided into two major components: the cost of raw materials and the cost of manufacturing and depreciation.
Blocks, of which raw materials cost more than 90% of the total cost of the finished product. The electrolyte industry is based on the Tob model, the head lithium power plant has a generic reserve of electrolytic fluids, and the production of more than one-size-fits-all formulations, so the level of homogenization of the electrolyte product is relatively high, mainly as a result of cost competition.
In some variations, the overall soluble cost ratio is about 52.20 per cent, the solvent cost ratio is about 31.8 per cent, the additive contribution is 9.1 per cent, and the soluble cost is generally the highest, while lithium hexafluorate is the dominant material for the electrolyte solution, with price changes directly affecting the feedstock cost of the electrolyte.
The cost plus pricing model determines the path of lithium hexafluoride-dithium electrolyte transmission. The main sources of lithium hexafluoride are pentachlorinated phosphorus, hydrofluoride and lithium fluoride, which are mainly prepared for lithium carbonate and hydrofluoride. The price of lithium hexafluoride is lower, and the main solvents dmc, ec, are lower, and the price of electrolyte is pressured.
As of 30 May 2024, the price of the Trinity/Lithium phosphate electrolyte was 279.02 million yuan per tonne, with a reduction of the ratio of lithium carbonate to lithium hexafluoride to lithium hexafluoride to Figure 15; Main market price of lithium hexafluorate to Figure 16 (millions/ton)
Figure 17 Price trends for key solvents dmc (millions/tons) Figure 18, price trends for lithium phosphate electrolyte (millions/tons) 2.3 Electrolytic fluids can expand steadily, with overseas base construction projects on schedule
The company ' s electrolytic fluid plate has seven main bases and eight major plants with a combined effective capacity of about 560,000 tonnes per year, of which: 1) Tianjin base has a capacity of 0.9 million tonnes per year; 2) Luangyang base has a capacity of 200,000 tonnes per year; 3) Phoenix base has a capacity of 96,000 tonnes per year; 4) Lungshan base has a capacity of 150,000 tonnes per year;
In the medium and long term, the company plans a total of about 2.19 million tons per year of electrolytic liquid production, both at home and abroad.
In-country layout: 1) 30,000 tonnes/year planned for Tianjin base; 2) 400,000 tonnes/year planned for Yiyang base; 3) 96,000 tonnes/year planned for Phoenix base; 4) 150,000 tonnes/year planned for Yongshan base; 450,000 tonnes/year planned for Ningde base; 6) 200,000 tonnes/year planned for Jiangmen base; 7 tonnes/year planned for Maroon base.
The base, the eight major plants together have a planned capacity of approximately 1626 million tonnes/year, of which about 555,000 tonnes/year are available for construction, or about 10.71 million tonnes/year of medium capacity are to be built. The domestic plant layout is based on a jit (just-in-time production) model that ensures agile supply + services that respond quickly to customers’ needs with a 100-km radius and a 1,000-km radius per hour response.
(a) The volume of the European market will not start until 2026, with the European market, the Levokusen base in Germany + the Belgian Antwerp base planning capacity of 213,000 tonnes/year; and (b) the North American market, the United States base in Texas planning capacity of 200,000 tonnes/year, with plans to build plants in the United States continuing as planned and expected to continue from the beginning of 25 years to the end of the year;
The Moroccan base in the African market has a planned capacity of 150,000 tonnes/year. The four major bases abroad together have a planned capacity of 563,000 tonnes/year.
3-day material profits from the stabilization of bonding agent structure release performance Daily material returns from the profit and lateral expansion sustains growth. Corporate sales of solar materials were realized throughout the year, in 2023, at $1.017 billion, equal to 10.43 per cent, unit Māori increased, and Māori rates were achieved in 23 years.
Downstream to store stacking equipment, phosphate operations are not as good as expected. In 23 years, the company sold about 450,000 tons of phosphate iron at a loss of about $60 million. In 23 years, phosphate was affected by downstream storage, new energy equipment testing, market competition, etc. The overall rate of start-up and sales were not as high as expected, and the level of profit was under pressure. The company was actively pursuing phosphorus.
The company is expected to further promote the horizontal layout of positive materials and build a competitive advantage in the development of phosphate manganese and manganese lithium. The supply ratio of mnc downstream has increased, and glue has become one of the lithium plate harvests.
The proportion of head supply has increased, customers have been better tied, and companies have been actively promoting new domestic brands horizontally, new opportunities with the country's currents or will be visible, and the landscape of solarized materials and special chemical panels is expected to increase. In addition, glues are widely used in motor power cells, mainly in the areas of pack sealing, structure heat, structure bonding, etc.
In the second half of the year, the company officially entered the Lithium Batteries, positive and negative, and battery glue business, and has now formed a bulk sale and initial market size, with the structural glue component largely dominated by the production system of East Timor. In addition, the company plans to upgrade production capacity in the Far East and the Kyushu River, while the electrolytic fluid is being released at the same time as the company is under pressure.
Political policy risks.
New energy vehicles are not growing as fast as expected. If the growth of new energy vehicles and storage is slower than expected, temporary changes in industrial policies, and changes in subsidy slopes and implementation times are expected, will have a direct impact on the volume of new energy automobile production and storage, and will have a direct impact on industrial development.
In recent years, there have been some developments in solid-state lithium battery technology, the transition form of solid lithium batteries (polymer/semi-solid) has gradually begun to commercialize, and the traditional lithium batteries have either disaggregated market rates or will be pressured, thus compromising the price of raw materials. The cost of raw materials is higher than the cost of company production, and the price of the main raw materials continues to be high.
Industry is competitive, and product prices are falling faster than expected. The demand for downstream batteries has surged in recent years, and shortages of electrolytes and upstream raw materials have led to rapid increases in the prices of electrolytes and additives.
Energy expands less than expected, and product development falls short of expectations. When new capacity is built, new product development falls, and the company’s market share shrinks to a certain extent.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.