The main product is two times better, and the net profit is more than 33 times higher than the same year. \triangleright is more than 33 times higher than the net profit in the first half of the year. \triangleright
The company’s sales earnings in the first half of the year grew by 19.33% over the same period last year, and total sales of various products grew by 33.04% over the same period last year. Acrylic acid and esters were properly at the market pace to achieve full production and sales; sap had entered the country’s front-line branding suppliers, such as Fujian, Baby Shuba, Bekang, etc., and were in the United States, South America, South-East Asia, Europe.
In the first half of the year, sales increased by 38,336% over the same period. The company’s main products, AC and esters, Sap equivalents, increased their prices in the first half of the year, with a significant increase in the Māori rate, which was 33 times higher than the profit in the first half of the year.
The acquisition of Hunan Condient Care, which leads downstream, is expected to be a new growth pole for the company in the future, and the unit, compared to the trend of 300 depths, is a typical high-utility molecular material that absorbs its weight.
Hundreds of times, even thousands of times, of water, with a strong water security capability. Sap can be used for sanitary products, such as sanitary towels, paper diapers, urinal cushions, agriculture, gardening, food, civil construction, cosmetics, medical, electrical and electronic materials, paints, etc. The company expands its post-natal entertainment base to 150,000 tons of sap, mainly for sanitary products such as paper diapers.
Assuming that there are about 50 million users of paper urinary products in the country, they consume about four films per day, with a penetration rate of about 40% per year, and that there are about 10,000 tons per year. In the future, as paper urinary products become more permeable in rural areas, paper urinary products are aligned with foreign standards, and market space is expected to reach 440,000 tons per year.
In August 2016, the electric power provider started to make a profit, and the company ranked fourth in the monthly sales of its platform, including foreign products, which were not wet. Moreover, Congene Oem is growing very rapidly, producing technology for many foreign brands.
It is judged that the acquisition of the Hunan Condex will bring significant synergies to company operations in Sap, which is expected to expand the price gap to $500 for propanepropylene in the future, and the continuous landscape of the c3 industrial chain where the company currently has a capacity of 450,000 tons of apropene, 480,000 tons of acrylic acid and 450,000 tons of acrylic ester in the c3 industrial chain.
Three billion more has recently been approved for the construction of 450,000 tons of pdh capacity, 300,000 tons of polypropylene, and 120,000 tons of sap. Since the first quarter of this year, the average price difference between propane and acrylic has been about $450 per ton, and we've measured a single ton of acrylic Maori over $1,000. With the subsequent drop of 450,000 tons of acrylic and 300,000 tons of polypropene,
1. Satellite petrochemical (002648), research report: I
Multi-, eleven-, nine-fold. Maintains a "Very recommended" rating. Quarterly price difference of $450 for propane acrylicene, c3 Industrial Chains Sustained, 20170531.
Prices for acrylic acids and esters are lower than expected and uncertainty exists about the progress of production of new acrylic, polypropylene and sap projects.
In October 2014, he joined industry studies on major energy directions, such as petrochemicals, and in March 2016 he graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and chemical technology. He worked in China ' s petrochemical Beijing branch of Yinshan from August 2010 to February 2016 for the technical management of oil refining and chemical production.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.