To strengthen cooperation with Saudi Arabian-American equity and to build new gold pond materials project ranngshengpetrochemical
The company and Saudi Arabia signed the Memorandum of Understanding on 2 January.
The parties are discussing the intention of the company (or its associates) to acquire 50 per cent of the xinhu shares of Saudi Arabian Jubail Refinery Corporation and to increase production capacity, product flexibility, complexity and quality through expansion.
The potential acquisition of 50 per cent (50 per cent) of gold petrochemical shares in Ningbo is also under discussion and the joint development of the upgrading and expansion of existing gold petrochemical devices and the development of new borongli
In 2023, the company introduced Saudi Arabia-America as a strategic investor, and Saudi Arabia-America held about 10% of the company’s shareholding. We believe that this time the two sides intend to further strengthen the partnership, which will help both sides to develop technology and to work together to advance both sides’ strategic objectives.
The company plans to invest $67.5 billion to build new materials in gold ponds. The project will consist mainly of an extension of the petrochemical and central gold petrochemical industries chain and will include 1 million tonnes/year, 200,000 tonnes/year poe, 300,000 tonnes/year alpha-folate, 100,000 tonnes/year chdm, 50,000 tonnes/year.
Ermwpe, as well as devices such as ptt, pbs, pbt, dmc, polyether polyols, abs, polycarbonate esters, etc. After the project has been completed, the company is expected to realize a net profit of about $15.5 billion per year, according to the company's research report.
In the field of end-of-life materials, new energy products such aseva, dmc, pc, and abs have been deployed, and the chain has been enriched. The transformation of new materials has accelerated as new projects progress steadily, new energy materials from companies, renewable plastics, special synthetics, and high-end composites.
One billion shares are transferred to aoc by agreement, at a cost of $24.3 per share. Once the transfer has been completed, the wealthier shares hold 51.46% of the company’s shares and the aoc holds about 10%. We believe that full cooperation with Saudi Arabia’s Arab-Americans will provide a stable supply of crude oil and other chemical raw materials, on the one hand, and hopefully, on the other.
Expanding channels for overseas sales of chemicals. At the same time, increasing technology sharing and joint research and development of chemical products are expected to complement technological advantages and share resources.