Electricization, intelligence, heathing out of the sea, growing up on his own three times, and growing on his own brands. The company's sales have been growing year after year for the last five years.
"Shangriara" writes a new chapter on electric transformation. The company’s new energy technology routes are fully configured, pure electricity, blended, incrementally stored and applied to mainstream cars, blended blue whale idd Lee Xiaoyang.
The platform, the grooves, the blends and the boosts, and the new blue whales. In 2023, 14.30%. We believe that companies are expected to become the main driving force behind the growth in corporate ownership of brand sales earlier in the phev track.
Liu Xuanan + collaborates with two-line configurations intelligently. The company builds its own intelligent platform through the sda architecture + Juge intelligence, works with the Chinese and Chinese eras to launch the Chn platform and build Alveta Gogh.
In order to sign the Memorandum of Investment Cooperation, the company and China will enter the stock market as a new company, so that there will be greater synergy and strategic collaboration. The Aveta Production Department matrix has accelerated and has been placed on the market in Aveta 11, Aveta 12, and Aveta 07 is expected to be on the market in 2024.
In 2023, it became an autonomous brand, and we thought that the company's electric transformation was going well and that it was working with China to further develop its intellectual intelligence.
In the future, new products are more competitive, with additional export contributions from overseas, corporate sales and profits The risk of fluctuations in the landscape of the automobile industry; the risk of fluctuations in raw materials, parts price fluctuations and inadequate market supply; the risk of supply chain stability; and the risk of overseas operations.
A three-way start-up of a car with a self-styled brand that continues to flourish, and a one-hundred-year struggle, three-time transition to smart, low-carbon technology, led by the Shanghai Marine Gun Agency, founded by Li Hung Xiang in 1862, responsible for life.
Production of military-industrial products, moved to Suzhou, Nanjing during the war, and finally settled in Chongqing. During the conversion of the army in 1957, the Central Military-Industry Directorate-General State 456 (Congress Manpower Manufacturing Plant) began testing the country’s first military jeep at the request of the weapons department.
First entrepreneurship: In the early 1980’s, companies began to pursue car dreams, and in 1983, the first microcar and engine were born in Chang-Am, through technology- and trade-cooperative cars, working with Suzuki, Ford, Majuta, and the Snow Dragon.
Second Entrepreneurship: In 2006, the market for advance vehicles was opened, and the path for strengthening autonomous R & D was established, and in 2014 it became the first sales breakthrough of 10 million.
Rates and software capabilities create core competitiveness and shift to smart, low-carbon mobile technology. In the new energy sector, the Shangri-La Plan was launched in 2017, the Deep Blue Cars were released in 2022, and core technologies such as the New Energy Three Power.
In the area of intelligence, the Bei Doo Sky Constabulary was launched in 2018, and the Image Imbrandt in 2022, which now has technology such as visual perception, multi-model integration, etc. For overseas markets, the company released the Heiner Begawa Strategy in 2023 to accelerate autonomy.
In 2023, the autonomous brand sold 2,364 thousand overseas, flying in parallel with the classic fuel + new energy source, to speed up the deployment of the smart electric train. Under the company’s flag, brands can be divided into Chang An, Deep Blue, Avita, Keichan, Long Anjota and Chang Anfort.
Six series. Chang-An brands are divided into Chang-Ang (cs, uni, etc.), Oshan and all new electric sequences.
Figure 2: The company's main brand of whole-car products, accelerating the new energy layout, the company's own brand of new energy cars in 2023.
In 2025, the sale of traditional fuel trucks was completely stopped, and the entire spectrum of products was Electrified. The brands of companies have accelerated the layout of new energy vehicles, with many new competitive ones.
1.2 Autonomous brand power, with a rapid increase in revenue, has steadily increased the sales of autonomous branding companies. In 2023, an autonomous brand sales volume of 112.13 million, or +9.88 per cent, increased to 84.06 per cent.
As of March 31, 2024, 39,64% of the shares were held. The company’s main shareholders were state-owned sole-owned companies and conglomerates.
Clear, stable, and conducive to the formulation and implementation of a corporate development strategy. A company’s current management team has a rich professional background, management jobs and years of service in the company contribute to the firm’s long-term stability.
"Shangriara" writes a new chapter on electric transformation 2.1 in combination with a mix of process and process, a mix of technology, a mix of company technologies and a multilined layout. The latest launch was in March 2024.
In March 2022, the company released a first car with the long blue whale idd hybrid system, the long Anuni-kidd. The blue whale idd combustible system locates a world-wide efficient electrical platform.
It has four features: a global temperature, a full speed, a global field, and a full-time area. In November 2022, the company launched a brand of “grain” extension technology, which eventually allows for a super-long continuation of 1,200 km, with the first train-type deep blue sl03.
In March 2024, the company released new blue whale power, new blue whale power with mixed, increased-range double mode functions, new car types that came to the market in 2024, long Anuni-z, deep blue g318 and a new blue whale powered vehicle, moving away from the single-technology path debate.
The industry builds a global landscape-driven solution. With the "engine plus three" root technology, the engine, the power, the power, the control, the processor, and so on, are being developed through the "building block" of the power module.
The power will increase the technology of the IEDs, the DUIs, and the three power systems of the super-increment, and the IEDs will save and save, and the more the IEDs will be used, and the super-increments will be better and better.
The company’s combined car sales and market occupancy rates continue to rise. According to Marklines, the company was active in 2022 (with an increase, with the same amount), and in 2023, the total volume of mixed vehicle sales was 1,467,000, compared to 121.6%, and the domestic rate was 7.67%.
The mixed market became the main engine of corporate growth. In 2023, the company’s own brand, we believe, was expected to become a major driver of corporate ownership and brand sales growth in the future, earlier in the phev track layout.
The company speeds up the listing of hybrid vehicles. Based on the accumulation of company phev technology, the department speeds up the release of hybrid vehicles, 2023h2 q05 , start-up a05 , start-up a07 , 2024h1 uni-z, deep blue g318, second generation q05 , start-up a05 , start-up a07 , etc.
uni-v, etc., 2024h2 is listed as Deep Blue S07 (25 July) and is expected to launch the 4th generation cs75plus, Dark Blue S05, Aveta 07, etc. 2024h1 is mainly selling plug-in models as Open Source a05, q05, Deep Blue Sl03,
S7, g318, uni-z, etc. 2.2 Five years to grind a sword, epa full power grid power motorisation further.
The epao platform covers the mini-to-small car market and meets the basic mobility needs of users. The epa1 platform covers the compact car market, balancing performance, price and experience.
epa1 has four high attributes: power-driven electricity efficiency: later gene-driven, four-driven high performance; and high intelligence based on domain-controlled electrical and electrical structures;
With deep integration of allinone, safer and more efficient redefinition of the three power systems' leadership, it can effectively solve the problems of renewal, refilling, safety and efficiency: 163 patents are available for the new generation of ultra-collective power drives used by the epa1 platform.
The power-driven efficiency can be up to 95%. The epa1 platform also introduces the world’s first micronuclear HF pulses, heat heating technology, with more than 50 patents on randomly variable frequency gbt shut-down control, core security level controlled, high frequency pulses and nvh balancing algorithms, power system durability design, etc.
This technology can help the battery to increase its temperature to 4°C/min. Power lines by 50% and charge time by 15%. In addition, the autonomous sedan accelerator system introduced by the epa1 platform can achieve a mileage of 1 l oil equivalent to about 3.3 kwh.
2 High Performance: The Epa1 will be driven primarily by a rear wheel, supporting the power layout of the double power engine, 4x4 expansion, and supporting the development of two power system vehicles, plus an extension program and hydrogen fuel cell.
The newest generation of braking and redundancy systems. The related technical support braking style is adjusted to enhance the ability to recover and effectively reduce the speed of the braking.
A wide-body, low-focus chassis design facilitates vehicle uplifting in braking over-opt control, side-over control, turn-in response and follow-up. Moreover, the platform ' s vehicle model, in driving performance calibration, will balance power response with nvh.
High-intelligent: The epa1 platform supports a worldwide ultra-speed ota upgrade and can complete the ota in three minutes, using the a/b partition design of the cabin and the driving area, as well as the cloud-side security system. The epa platform also uses a national-initiated smart whole area control.
The device has an intelligent core that allows multi-nucleic multi-system control, integrates more than 1,500 devices and achieves 100% remote diagnostic coverage.
Driving requirements, with a maximum of 27 perceptive components, and with power redundancy, braking, redundancy, transition to redundancy, system redundancy. 4 high safety: the epa1 platform is based on the 2021 version of c-ncap 5-star safety standards
In the area of data security, the epa1 platform uses 5+1 information security (IPS) level-wide privacy protection, which involves it defence technology, identification, physical isolation of tunnels, hardening.
The platform has launched ibc digital battery tubes. In pre-control management, the platform achieves ten digitization process control for wires, ten cloud bms double-tunnel monitoring. In digital temperature management, the platform uses space-grade full-cell insulation technology, ol cooling efficient heat transfer, transients.
Technologies such as voltage techniques, ultra-pressure seal controls, global short-circuit anti-short-circuit techniques, directional pressure-pressure heating, full-time temperature alerts, etc.3 Self-research + collaboration, two-line layout intelligence
In August 2022, the company released the superdigitized platform sda architecture for a user-wide scenario. The sda architecture has "hardware available, organized, organized."
The technical features of eco-requireability, system self-evolving, freely defined, self-evolving superdigitized platform for smart cars, are company-specific practical approaches to “software-defined cars”.
The sda structure allows cars to move from mobile machines to "intelligent car robots." Based on the idea of "fragmentation," the traditional "distribution, partition, function-based" architecture is replaced by a "central computing, tiered + branch, service-based" very simple architecture.
The sda structure is divided into a six-storey structure. The 1-l3 floor is a mechanical layer, an energy layer, and an electrical layer, which determines the rigidity of robotics and provides the sensor, control, and execution capability of cars. The 1-4-l6 floor is an operating system layer, a whole vehicle function.
The layer, the cloudy big data layer, determines robotic intelligence, intelligence, arithmetic, arithmetic, and data are the cornerstones of its growth. The company embeds platformed thinking into architecture development, and centralized electronic racks.
Figure 14: The sda structure allows cars to move from mobile machines to "intelligent car robots."
(internal code cd701) Based on the long-ansda platform, located in the medium-sized suv. Extension over 1000 km, officially offline in July 2024 at the Chang'an car number smart factory and expected to be marketed in 2024. Different use scenarios can change like “suv shapes”,
Different forms of sedan form and pika form. Intelligent: Apocalypse e07, with 2 laser radars, 11 cameras, 5 millimetre wave radars and 12 ultrasounds
Wave radar, with automatic parking, surrogate parking and high-speed pilotage, power: power source e07 provides two power systems: incremental and pure electricity, with 800 volts of high-voltage fast charge technology, charged for approximately 15 minutes to achieve 365 km of continuous flight mileage.
The release of the smart brand "Ghuge Smart" will bring to users the three core experiences of "Grugs Interactivity, Zhuge Wiseness, Zhuge Ecology." The interactive experience of "Ghuge Smart" has the "Interactive Strategy Brain."
Under the brand concept, the company, together with many ecological partners, built 12 intelligent engines to build sustainable evolution based on the constant accumulation of rich algorithms, from intellectual recognition to intelligence analysis to four core dimensions of intelligence strategy and intelligence implementation.
The "interactive strategy brain." The "gents" in intelligent driving have a "wild mind" based on the bottom principles of safety, efficiency, comfort, continuity, evolution, and company formation.
The core skills of 936 in the three scenes of parking, security and safety are offered, with four services: a care-free pilot, an easy cruise, a safe parking, a safe escort, an easy and pleasant ride for users, and a full-time escort and a part-time drive.
Figure 16: Chuges 'Intelligent 4+12' interactive tactical brain 3.2 Co-operation is about enabling intelligence development, and there are three modes of co-operation in automobile operations: standardized parts and components models.
Hi model (huawaiinside model) and smart car selection model Standardized component model: laser radar, millimetre wave radar, camera, etc. for vehicle enterprises, power management within vehicles, heat management parts, etc.
Hi mode: The car company uses the Chinese brand of smart car solution hi (including smart cabins, smart driving, laser radar, etc. 30+ full self-research technology).
In 2018, the company and China signed a strategy.
In 2021, the company joined forces to create Avita technology. In August 2023, Deep Blue and China signed a framework agreement for cooperation between the two sides.
In November 2023, the company signed a Memorandum of Investment Cooperation with China. China is about to set up a new company to put in place the core technology and resources of the smart car solution business.
In August 2024, Avita Technology and China signed the Transfer of Equity Agreement.
Formal investment in Intelligent Technology Ltd., 10 per cent of shares, transaction amounting to RMB 11.5 billion, became the second largest shareholder in the company in interest.
Aveta 11 is a global highlight, and deep blue and white are signed.
The conference, the focus on intelligence, the formation of the United Nations, Chang An, Wah, and the Ningde era.
Framework agreement. Center for Innovation, Avita Science and Chn Platform.
Arvita will be the leader.
Aveta 12, with a car named Avi.
Global launch of ads 3.0 car brands based on Chn platform already on Aveta 11, Aveta 12, 3
Aveta 07 is expected to be on the market in 2024.
Suv, 2024, sold for $30.08-3908,000. Section 2024 is full of three laser radars, 34 intelligent sensors, a high-level intelligent driving system, huaweiads 2.0, and a Hong Men's cabin based on Harmonyos.
Avita 11 received a top rating of "five stars plus" for smart cars and smart parking. Avita 12: Future smart limo run.
Ten thousand dollars. 2024 Aveta 12 front rows are equipped with double-zero-gravity seats and mounted on harmonyos 4.0 and huaweiads 2.0. Figure 21: Aveta 12 Appearance
Figure 22: Aveta 12: Aveta 07: Pure power + incremental double power platform Aveta 07 is a Chn platform 3 model, positioning medium suv, providing pure power +
Avita 07 carries the latest company release of the Klingon Growth Technology, and the Ningde-era Jockey Super Complusion Battery. It is also the first vehicle to be loaded with dry ads 3.0 and is expected to be marketed in 2024.
We believe that, with the launch of the Aveta 07 pure power + incremental double power model, the Avita product matrix is being refined and brand sales are expected to increase gradually, pushing the company ' s product towards a four-way market, building a second-growth curve.
4.1 Corporate overseas export sales and share continue to rise; Automobile exports have increased steadily, at a faster rate than domestic sales; and automobile exports have grown at a higher rate, with a total of 4.8528 million vehicles exported, +56.21 per cent of the year, compared with domestic automobile sales.
16.15 per cent, of which 4.0836 million were exported in passenger vehicles and 76.2 million in commercial vehicles, according to data from the China-China Association, the top five vehicles exported in 2023 were upper gas, Chirí, Gilly, Changan and Tesla, respectively, with the fourth largest company.
Figure 26: Top 10 vehicles exported in 2023 (millions) 236.4 million vehicles exported by autonomous brand in 2023, corresponding to +39.23 per cent, exports of the Heinau Baychon project to accelerate globalization
Since 1991, when the company began its overseas operations, more than 60 countries and regions have sold more than their products, with 91 per cent of sales in countries along the “one-way” route, forming 12 priority overseas markets, the main export regions being Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East, North Africa and Central and South America.
In April 2023, the company launched its overseas strategy, Heiner Begawan, and by 2030, overseas market investments were out of $10 billion, overseas market sales were out of 1.2 million per year, overseas business practitioners out of 10,000, and the Cheonan vehicle was made one in the world.
1 Accelerating product and output layout, with 60 global products to be launched by 2030.2 Enhancing branding, with overseas markets focusing on long-term brands, Deep Blue brands, Aveta brands overseas.
3 Strengthen marketing service layouts, with more than 20 localized marketing organizations to be built in overseas markets by 2030, with 3,000 offshore points out of reach.4 Speed up market layout and speed up the deployment of five regions in Europe, the Americas, Asia and the Pacific, etc.
To strengthen the organization, the talent profile, and the organization building, based on the market layout, the Chang-Ang will establish the South-East Asian Enterprise, the European Regional Headquarters and, in due course, the regional headquarters in the Americas, Africa, etc.
The company owns 12 bases worldwide, 22 factories. The company’s new energy automobile production base began work at the company’s base in Thailand during the month. As the company’s first overseas production base, it has coatings, masters, engine assembly, battery assembly production workshops and related support facilities.
One project is designed to produce 100,000 vehicles per year and is scheduled to start in early 2025. The second project is built after delivery, with a total capacity of 200,000 vehicles per year.
The rate of growth and Māori rates of the data disclosed for 2023 and the first quarter of 2024 were measured. We believe that the company's electric transformation has been smooth, that it has developed in partnership with China to provide intelligence, that new products will become more competitive in the future, and that overseas exports will contribute new amounts.
1. The motor sector as a whole is in its maturity phase, the overall rate of growth has declined significantly in recent years, and the cyclical nature of its operations will become more evident in the future as a result of macroeconomic factors.
Market demand is not as high as expected and industry competition increases, among other things, will have a negative impact on corporate income and profitability. (2) The risk of fluctuations in raw materials, parts price fluctuations and inadequate market supply.
The variety of raw materials needed to produce and the overall upward trend in the prices of raw materials, such as steel and tyres, in the transformation of the way economic growth is driven in our country have put a cost-control pressure on the entire vehicle enterprise.
3) Supply chain stability risks. The world’s political, economic instability, and uncertainty have increased, and global industrial chain supply chains are being restructured. Automobile industry chains, which are also typical of a globalized division of labour, may still be faced in the current environment.
China’s automobile industry has accelerated its journey out of the sea, research, production, supply, distribution, and transport of multiple links, with a gradual subregional and step-by-step deployment. International competition is highly complex, international economic and trade rules have changed dramatically, and our enterprises are moving out.
There are additional challenges, such as antimonopoly, countervailing subsidies, violations of business secrets, commercial bribery, etc. Surveys and lawsuits.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.