The new car cycle is starting with a strong start, and China is expected to deepen its intellectual potential.
• New energy transformation leads by opening a third phase of entrepreneurship to electric, intelligent, and global transformation. Companies have experienced an important period of development in “military conversion, commercial transfer, electric intelligence transformation + global market opening.”
In the age of electricization, the company rolled out its deep blue/start-up/Avita brand, and the traditional branding accelerated the hybrid transformation, and with the “self-research sda architecture plus working with China”, it is expected that the release of new models in the future will lead to a clear increase in the volume of new vehicles and the continued release of new energy brands, which will soon be ready to accelerate the increase in overseas sales and profitability.
Three of the company's new energy brands will be launched in a new intensive release period, with deep blue at new energy/intelligent penetration rates, lower mainstream price segments relying on "super-increment + arcse" to create a differentiated competitive advantage; Avita will introduce an incremental model and a lower-positioned 07/e16 model, and a reduced mileage anxiety + price segment.
In the context of +W's ability to add an ads 3.0, sales can grow over time and lead the company's brand upwards; Source targets are set to launch 10 cars by 2025, with several smart new cars e07 carrying a self-research smart technology sda architecture. The continued release of new products is expected to increase sales significantly, leading to a stronger scale effect.
At the same time, the company stepped up the Heinau Bichuan project and pushed forward the global layout of the 1+5+2, which focused on new energy vehicles/fuels in strategic nurturing/strike markets, with the same overseas sales of autonomous brands as +68% in July 2024, and actively promoted the construction of factories in Thailand.
Out-of-country supply is expected to support and boost the profitability of fuel-marketed base plates and new energy vehicles. Deep blue/Avita brands are enriched by the depth of the H1 model, and the proposed “visa” is expected to gain a prior advantage, based on end-to-end algorithms, 35 million km of data build-up in the solar cycle, and 5 kmlops on the cloud end, etc.
The company’s Deep Blue/Avita brand is a dry-and-sweeper.
The company, as the first company to enter the new stock market, will be in China.
The company’s update of information will gain an advantage in technology empowerment, and the future is expected to benefit from a larger dividend from the expansion of China’s intelligent circle of friends. Not as expected: increased competition in the industry: large fluctuations in raw-material prices, etc.
Improved performance — company information update 1, remix history: three entrepreneurships, forward-looking capture of historic opportunities for change 1.1, three entrepreneurship glitters, casting strong brand life
Founded during the Ocean Movement, it was developed in 160 years. Chang An, formerly the Shanghai Bureau of Guns, founded in 1862, moved to Chongqing in 1937 and became known as the “21st factory of the Military Engineering Agency”, one of China's leading military-industrial enterprises at that time, providing 60% of weapons and ammunition for the front line of combat. In 1957, the 21st military factory was renamed the Chief.
In 1958, with a view to the shortage of military vehicles after the founding of the country, Chang An tried out China's first jeep, the Jeep 46, the Yangtze license plate, which had accumulated 1,390 vehicles as of 1963, filling the void in the Chinese automobile industry. In 1994, the Chang An Machine Factory was merged with the Jiang Mae Machine Factory, which was also an engineering company.