China Railway Group Limited-A [601390.CH]
Initiate coverage: Dual engine to support earnings growth
With business diversification and a recovery in the mining business, CRG-A's earnings in 2017 ex-
ceeded market expectations. Including its one-off asset impairment loss of >RMB6bn, its net profit in
2017 still rose 29.4% YoY. The strong growth momentum continued in Q1 2018, with net profit rising
China construction sector
21.9% YoY. We think central SOE construction companies should be able to secure steady earn-
ings growth from PPP investment and overseas expansion support by the central government. CRG
BUY
and Q1 2018. We initiative coverage on CRG-A with a BUY rating and target price (TP) of RMB9.10.
We expect its earnings to grow at a CAGR of 14% in 2017-2019E. Its plan for a debt-to-equity swap
means CRG has a strong incentive to boost its earnings in 2018, especially after it made a substan-
Close: Rmb7.47 (May 11, 2018)
tial one-off asset impairment in 2017. Our TP is based on our H-share valuation and A/H premium
(discount) assumption (Fig 5).
Target Price: Rmb9.10 (+21.8%)
Investment Highlights
Earnings beat in 2018 and 1Q18: CRG-A reported revenue growth of 8.8% YoY in 2017 and
10.1% YoY in 1Q18, led by increasing exposure to PPP investment and overseas expansion.
Price Performance
Earnings rose even more with margin expansion, led by an improving revenue mix, effective
cost control and the recovering mining business. The Company reported its gross profit margin
expanded from 7.9% in 2016 to 9.1% in 2017. After some one-off asset impairment, the Com-
pany reported its net profit margin expanded by 0.3ppt YoY in 2017. The margin expansion
continued in Q1 2018, thanks to its fast-growing municipal construction business and overseas
expansion.
Steady earnings growth expected to continue from rising PPP investment and overseas
expansion: We were concerned that the slowdown of its traditional railway business would
constrain its earnings growth in 2018. But CRG-A achieved faster growth than we expected
due to increasing exposure to PPP investment. We remain confident that CRG-A will continue
US$25,339m
Market Cap
to be one of the key beneficiaries of rising PPP investment. The government review of PPP
Shares Outstanding
22,844m
projects turned out to be less negative than the market expected. With the addition of some
Auditor
Deloitte
new projects, total investment in all approved PPP projects by the end of April suggested a net
increase in total project value compared to that at the end of December 2017. This should help
Free Float
45.6%
restore market confidence in the construction sector. With the improving quality in PPP projects
52W range
HK$7.20-9.34
database, CRG-A is able to pick even higher-quality PPP projects to secure healthier growth
3M average daily T/O
US$18m
for the Company.
Debt-to-equity swap plan to fund future PPP investment: CRG-A's leverage is not that
Major Shareholding
CRECG (54.4%)
excessive compared to that of CCC, but its net gearing is higher than that of CRCC. The Com-
pany announced on 6 May that it is planning a debt-to-equity swap with the subject assets
Sources: Company data, Bloomberg
being the equity rights of certain subsidiaries of the Company to be acquired by investors in the
debt-to-equity swap. As it may constitute a material asset restructuring, trading of its A-shares
was halted from 7 May. This should help CRG-A reduce its leverage, providing more room for it
Kelly Zou—Analyst
to raise debt for future PPP investment.
BUY with a TP of Rmb9.40: We set our TP to RMB9.10. Our CRG-A share TP is based on
our CRG-H share valuation and the historical CRG A/H premium (discount) (Fig 5).
Wong Chi Man, CFA—Head of Research
Sources: Company data, CGIS Research
Key financials
CRG (601390 CH)
P&L statement
Source: Company data, CGIS Research
Source: Company data, CGIS Research
Key financials
CRG (601390 CH)
Balance sheet, cash flow statements and key ratios
Source: Company data, CGIS Research
Source: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Source: CGIS Research
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CGIS Research
Source: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Source: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any
jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China
Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing
requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly
or implied) is made as to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past perfor-
mance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regard-
ing future performance. The recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where
necessary consult their own independent financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this
report, such views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings
Limited and any of its subsidiaries ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy Interna-
tional and/or the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report
and its attachment/s and/or any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy
International.
China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies) the securities in respect of which are reviewed in this
report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or more than 1 % of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) men-
tioned in this report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transac-
tions with the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a
position or holding, or other material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
China Galaxy International may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in
issues of, any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or invest-
ment services in relation to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
Furthermore, China Galaxy International may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this
report within the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered
in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or
her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and
Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of
this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies cov-
ered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
BUY
: share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
SELL
: share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
; no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co.,
Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.