002475.sz. ..and ..and ..and ..and ..and ..and ..and ..and ..and ..and ..and ..and ..and ..and .. and .
The company achieved business income of $22.131 billion in 2018, an increase of 53 per cent and 62 per cent in the same year.
The business income of the 2018-3q company was 22.13 billion yuan, a 59 per cent increase from the previous year, and is rising at a rate of nearly annual highs. q3 earned 10.11 billion yuan, a single quarter, an 80 per cent increase from the same year, and Ring achieved a net profit of 1.657 billion yuan from the mother, close to the top of the company’s pre-arranged area, a year-on-year increase.
q3 has achieved a net return profit of 831 million yuan, a new increase of 108% and a 69% increase in the ring. The net profit of the deduction of non-return is 812 million yuan, an increase of 113% and a 59% increase in the ring.
The cost rate for the company period was 11.98 per cent, an increase of 0.43 percentage points in 2017, mainly from 11.3 per cent for the company q3 period, an increase of 1.83 percentage points for the same period, and a normal increase of 0.11 cent for the ring. (Management costs include R & D costs to ensure comparability.)
The net interest rate is also improving. The multi-product line is working at the same time, and it is expected to grow at a high rate throughout the year.
The q3 performance growth is expected to increase at a pace, moving into the consumer e-season and the arrival of new international clients, and the company's performance is further up to its recent highs. The traditional business connectors are growing steadily. Acoustics, antennas, motors, wireless charging.
The U.S.C.C. products are above expectations, good rates have reached high levels, and positive progress has been made on 5g micro-wire-to-wall applications, and on the end of the vehicle wireless charge. The volume of motor products is excellent and highly recognized by the core clients. The lcp antenna business is actively advancing.
Business is entering the camera area. It is expected that corporate consumer electronics will continue to grow rapidly in the coming years. Connected products (high-speed connectors, high-speed cable components, etc.) and base station radio frequency products (base station antennas, filters, etc.) are the current growth engine for communications-type products.
The company will transfer 51% of the shares of the company. The win-win business will be led by the wind-win business, and the public sector will support the wind-win business at the end of the business. The strategic synergy between the two sides will be a win-win business worldwide.
Companies will control capital spending and expand some of their product lines mainly next year. Companies continue to optimize financial indicators such as Māori rates, roe, and accounts receivable, inventory, and cash flows continue to improve.
The impact of trade frictions is currently limited to companies. Companies have made some arrangements in South-East Asia to hedge companies with strong R & D, production and regulatory capabilities in the field of precision manufacturing, increasing automation, and efficiency gains and losses. Companies expand their product lines horizontally, and spare parts and modules are working together.
Keep in mind the rapid pace of corporate growth along the lines of the established strategy.  Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 1, risk of a drop in the volume of smartphones; , risk of large customers selling less than expected; , risk of a decrease in the volume of smartphones; , risk of large customers selling less than expected; ,
The company achieved business income of $22.131 billion in 2018-3q, an increase of 59 per cent in the same year, and net profit of $16.57 million and net profit of $1.573 billion in the same year, an increase of 53 per cent in the same year.
II. A single-season high in terms of revenue and net profits, the rate of growth and the continued improvement in the Māori rate: RMB 22.13 billion, an increase of 59 per cent over the same period, has been higher in recent years. RMB 10.11 billion, a growth of 80 per cent over the same quarter, and RMB 53 per cent over the same period, has been achieved by 2018q3.
The rate of growth has continued to rise since 2018q1. 2015q1~2018q3 has been a sophisticated business income and growth rate, which has increased by 53% year-on-year, compared to the previous year. The net profit from non-repatriation of $1,573 million has exceeded last year ' s level, compared to the previous year ' s.
The 2018q3 company achieved a net return profit of 831 million yuan, a single-quarter increase of 108 per cent and a 69 per cent increase in the ring. The net gain of 812 million yuan, a 113 per cent increase and a 59 per cent increase in the ring, was achieved by including research and development costs to ensure comparability.)
iii. Multi-product lines simultaneously, which are expected to maintain high growth throughout the year, moving into the consumer e-seas season and the arrival of new aircraft from large international clients, and further up the company’s performance, which has reached recent heights. Companies expand horizontally in antennas, wireless charging, linear motors, typec, 5g, automobiles, etc.
Cables are imported into large international customers. Traditional business connectors are growing steadily. Productions such as acoustics, antennas, motors, wireless chargers are starting fast. The share of airpods continues to rise. Wireless charging products perform well beyond expectations, reaching higher levels of water, and companies work with a number of consumer electronics, telecommunications, automobile manufacturers around the world to advance the development of the business at 5g micro antennas.
Wireless charge-through wall applications and auto-wire charge-fired transmitters have all made positive progress. The motor production is excellent and highly recognized by its core clients.
Interconnected products (high-speed connectors, high-speed cable components, etc.) and base station radio frequency products (base station antennas, filters, etc.) are the driving force behind the current performance growth of communications-type products. Photovoltaic products (source optic cables, light modules, etc.) are advanced in an orderly manner, and tests and small-scale cooperation are being carried out with major client projects.
The company transfers 51% of the win-win shares. The win-win business in the company will be dominated by the Qingyang Electronic, which the company supports at the end of the business.
The company will be able to support development over the next two to three years, and capital spending will be strictly controlled, mainly for the expansion of some product lines next year. The company continues to optimize financial indicators such as Māori rates, roe, receivables, inventory, and current trade frictions will have limited impact on the company.
The manufacturing sector has a strong R & D, production and regulatory capacity, increasing automation, and efficiency gains are evident. Companies expand their product lines horizontally, and spare parts and module operations work together, keeping in mind that firms move quickly along the established strategy.
IV. Profit forecasting and investment recommendations, the risk of a drop in the volume of smartphones; the risk that large customers will sell less than expected; and the risk that new products will be less developed than expected: 4, that new applications will not penetrate as much as expected.
In 2016, you joined the Associated Securities Institute, certificate number: s03005160001.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.