The "Dam" theory of five grains is a market value, growing space, five grains.
· Five grains (000858) in-depth report on the emerging results of the “Endlight China” reforms, the acceleration of corporate performance, and the emergence of core competitiveness. New leadership is pragmatic, with branding that makes brand structure clear, product lines simple, and focus
The "1+3" and "4+4" food systems have effectively enhanced brand power. The expansion of channel prices has increased, channel profits have recovered, distributors have been more motivated to sell, customers have returned, and the blending of food fluids has been fully streamlined, business dynamism has been released and channels have been upgraded.
The “Dam” theory: channel power and brand power are the core factors for the next five grain fluids to increase their market value. Card power and channel power are two of the issues that companies need to address.
Market value. The gates are opening up as the company strengthens its channels and brands. The potential of the five grains to transform itself into dynamic energy flows into reservoirs, and the market value of the company is growing.
A wheel drive to consolidate and strengthen the company's high-end image. The re-branding of the company's brand power is achieved through a “one, two, three,” communication code that integrates the Chinese culture of excellence, broadens the audience of the company's products, and actually translates brand influence into the consumer's mind.
The company’s growing price spreads, its profit booms, and its sales by distributors have increased, making more dealers willing to participate, widening the range of channels. The company is sunk to optimize the channel structure. The fluids are shifting from a big business model to a direct distribution model.
Operating on the basis of an independent marketing company based on brand names, it deepens the depth of the channels. Profit forecasting and valuation analysis.
From a rigorous assessment that does not affect performance cores, 2017-08-293, Five Grain fluids (000858): formal roll-out of the curtain, 4 and Five Grain fluids (000858): price recovery, see
East's source of wealth and wisdom, five grains of water (000858): tsengseng lashes, five grains of water “dams” theory, market-market growth space.
In 2017, at the 21st 1218th Distributors ' Congress, corporate leaders clearly proposed that 40 billion yuan be collected in 2018 (of which 10 billion were broken through the wine series and 10 billion through the Chinese market) be more than the same rate of increase.
In 2018, the company's marketing efforts will focus on the goals of “making operators a reasonable profit” and “expanding the market share of the product.”
Three months later, at the spring wine conference in Chengdu on 19 March 2018, a series of updated data was released. The new product five fluids showed remarkable performance, with boost sales accounting for about 30% of the year’s investment, up from the same period in previous years.
The sales target for 2018 is 10 billion dollars for the liquor company and for the marketing centre in China. The wine plate breeds a single product of 2 billion or more, two to three billion or more, and five to 10 billion or more. By the end of the 13th century, the sale revenue of the wine plate is 20 billion dollars.
According to the latest quarterly data, the first quarter of 2018 was about 6,000 tons. As a result of good marketing momentum in the first quarter, the current social stock ratio of the five was reduced from 9 per cent at the end of last year to 7 per cent, below the industry average.
Levels. In response, the company is actively producing supplies and will deploy them through the first-line silo system of the seven marketing centres to ensure as much as possible normal market demand. 1.2 Retrospectively, 2005 and 2015 are two watersheds in the development of the five grains.
By 1990, reforms had solved the problem of people's subsistence, the economy had recovered rapidly, the five had expanded twice, and the capacity to produce tons, becoming the largest white wine business at the time. By 1995, the economy had grown at a high rate, government consumption had risen, prices had been liberalized, markets had been liberalized.
Year after year, the white wine tax system was restructured, the Asian financial crisis, the white wine industry was in a state of adjustment, with five grains expanding through resource expansion, bringing together social resources to digest low-end production capacity and expanding to more than 200,000 tons. The five grains and the huts represented strong fragrances and pasta, respectively. In terms of market value, the five grains were marketed in 1998 and the first week was $17,168 million.
In the first week of the first week, the market was only $9,253 million, compared to $19,364 million in the same period, which is twice as high as the price in Guozhou. In terms of revenue, the annual report for the five grains amounted to $4,742 million in 2001, while the period 2005-2015 became the “lost decade” of the five grains.
On a dust-free journey over five grains, and later on the rivers of the ocean have been levelled against the five grains, especially in the old cellars, wines, and Guai Goongs, where they hit each other before and after the five grains. In 10 years, the cagr is divided between 13 and 23 per cent, compared to 24 and 30 per cent of the competitive tables, respectively; 17 and 41 per cent of the old cellars, the company.
The sharp loss of profits raises questions about the company’s development from a wide range of investors. More than two years later, especially after 2013, the price collapse has greatly affected the incentive of the channel to sell the five grains.
Figure 1: Five grains collected in 2005 - 2015 by huttops, figure 2: Five grains raised the gap between the net profits in 2005 - 2015 and five grains started a series of reforms in 2015 as a watershed. Change management structure, new management committed to a solution.
The reversal of prices, the recovery of profits from channels, the increased motivation of distributors, the active use of money, and the return of customers are evident in the growth of sales and the virtuous circle. Reforming the product structure to make the brand structure clear and simple by branding, concentrating on large monolithics and phasing out low-value-contribution products to cover different consumer groups.
Reforms have led to firm performance, with revenues and net profits in 2015 and 2016 almost equal to the growth rate in Mao. 1.3 Personal demand rises + high-end oligarchy is the hallmark of the current development of the white wine industry.
1.3.1 The demand for substitute political demand becomes the main force for white wine consumption The demand for white wine is divided into: demand for government, business needs, personal needs. Until 2012, these three needs were equal to 40%, 40%, 20%, and demand for government and business were the main source of white wine consumption.
The introduction of the “eight provisions” has led to a significant reduction in the demand for government, from 40 per cent to the current 5 per cent left right. However, in recent years, we have seen a faster increase in disposable income, an increase in the purchasing power of the population, and a sharp increase in the demand for personal demand to 65 per cent of the demand for governance, which has become the dominant force in the consumption of white wine.
Figure 3: Increase in the share of individual consumption in the structure of white wine consumption
There are a number of increases in the prices and end sales in the five grain fluids and the Penang cellars. The lower end also follows high-end white wine with caution, and the eastern source of wealth and wisdom raises prices and takes over the market by using them. High-end and sub-high-end white wine displays a strong recovery, with both profits and valuations.
Until then, the male population between the ages of 30 and 54 would continue to grow, and the white wine industry is expected to continue. 1.3.2 The preponderant monopolistic pattern of high-end white wine has become the “persistent moat” theory of the moat, which is very important in Barfitt’s investment thinking.
In theory, a truly great company must have a “persistent moat” to protect the considerable return on investment. The branded beauty and cultural exuberance have built a deep moat in the white wine industry, and it has become very difficult for firms to change the situation after consumers have developed some consumption habits.
Commercial consumption focuses on the symbol of identity and status, and branding is at the heart of its consumption choices: individual consumption is driven by its consumption habits and income levels, and the current level of per capita income is rising. With both factors, high-profile white wine taps: the kooks, the five-food fluids, and the city sizes of the Quanzhou cellars are expected to increase further.
Fig. 5: White wine brand visibility index. For high-end white wines with strong brand power, the current pattern of monopolization of the three provinces of Mao, 5 grain fluids, and Xiangzhou is much more difficult to change in the future. Oligopolistic patterns give powerful high-end white wine with strong brand power.
Pricing power and performance certainty, with pricing in the hands of a few oligopolistic firms, will be sustained and increased, and will continue to enjoy the inflation dividend and the consumption escalation dividend. According to the high-end white wine “thermometer” theory, the high-end white wine industry “spring theory” deduces 1
The whole white wine industry is leading and controlling, and the changes in retail prices and market shares are crucial for the white wine industry.
The early outcome of the “Endlight China” reforms, the acceleration of corporate performance, the emergence of a new core competition 2.1, the consolidation of incentives 2.1.1 before the reform: price reversals and insufficient motivation of distributors
From 2008 to 2012, the Pootai gradually outperformed the price of the price at the price of the price increase, the price increase and the price increase. In the white wine industry, the price was a valid expression of brand value. The P5 did not take into account market conditions, and then moved to a long-term price reversal in order to maintain a passive price increase in brand value.
More than the sale price, resulting in declining profits from the channel, less loyalty and motivation on the part of the distributors, and higher output on sales, figure 6: Price adjustments for the five grains liquids and the huts, before 2010 the sales of the five grains cr5 distributors were up to 50%. The large-scale business model is good for the public.
The Division makes full use of the resources of the distributors to quickly pave the network of channels and save the management costs of the channels, especially in the case of white wine, and the big business model in the case of the cattle market is favourable for companies to sell. The big business model has been accompanied by five grains of fluid through the decade of gold in the white wine industry, and the big business model is characterized by a layer of agents, and the large distributors are mostly in the distribution mode.
Mainly, relying on downstream distributors to sell their products to end retail outlets such as supermarkets, specialty stores and other outlets, there are more layers, which tend to result in a proliferation of stocks in the face of a depressed market environment, making the company less controlled over the channels and a source of financial prosperity in the East.
2.1.2 Post-reform: The new leadership is pragmatic, with a shift in marketing motivation. In March 2017, the new Chairman of the Group, Lee Jong-gwang, was pragmatic and focused on production, marketing and the consolidation of the provincial economic and financial resources.
The company planned a "mixing" in 2013, released a private announcement in October 2015 and launched in June 2016, with a five-food fluid employee holding scheme, five-food liquid distributors and Taekang assets, the Huaan Foundation, and the United Ire strategic investors in Kai.
The funds raised were used mainly for information-chemical construction, marketing centres and service-based electronic morning platforms to support the transformation of corporate channels.
The implementation of the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Et-Et-Et-Fly-Fly-E-E-E-Fly-Et-Et-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-F-F-F-F-F-F-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-
Enterprise efficiency; (ii) stability of corporate channels and the opening of new markets through stock-holding schemes, deep binding of channels and corporate interests: (iii) introduction of strategic investors, improvement of corporate equity structures and governance structures, and promotion of good dealers ' shareholdings is one of the highlights of this mix.
The interests of the distributors are deeply tied, and the two interests are integrated, changing the previous cooperative relationship led by the manufacturer, and increasing the voice of the channel effectively. On the other hand, the promotion of optimized channels: the propensity of the distributors’ ownership to increase their participation, increase brand loyalty, and thus help companies to use their channels to enhance the marketing capacity of the country’s marketing networks.
2.2 Product structure focuses on the two-wheel drive of the five-food fluids 1+3 and the five-food systems 4+4 prior to the 2.2.1 reform: multi-brandness, affecting the competitiveness of core brands.
There are more than 300 new products of different specifications, many of which are sold in millions of dollars.
The quality of the products varies, and the price-fixing promotion of products that are under-represented in the market has led to a gradual modeling of the high-end image of the five grains, weakening the core competitiveness of brands. By contrast, the top-end brand strategy is being maintained by the top-end brand strategy to consolidate core brands.
The product is concentrated in high-end, high-end, high-end, low- and medium-end, low-end, low-end, high-yielding, well-established product structure, relatively weak competition, figure 9: High-end, low-end product structure in Guizhou.
Figure 10: Structure of food and liquid products 2.2.2 Reformed: Strategicly intensive branding, with a focus on core brands
Branding is at the heart of the company's 13th Five-Year Plan, which aims to consolidate and strengthen the high-end image of the five-food fluids by deepening the high-end and optimizing the series of wines. Since 2013, the company has been undergoing branding restructuring in the face of changes in the consumer environment.
The “1+9+8” strategy has shifted from a single market-based approach to a regional-based approach. In 2016, at the Chengdu spring wine conference on 19 March 2016, companies made further clarity and depth on the five-food system, proposing a “4+4” brand strategy that seeks to make a powerful series of wines.
At present, companies have effectively upgraded their brands by collating brands so that they have a clear structure, simple product lines, focused on creating large monolithic products and selling low-value-contribution products, covering different consumer groups, and avoiding malign competition between brands. Regulatory and product structure reforms have led to firm performance, yielding and net profits in 2015, 2016.
The “Dam” theory: channel power and brand power are at the heart of the next market-market upgrade of the five grains, brand and channel upgrading are two of the issues that companies are eager to solve.
Brand power is one of the most central gates of the “Dam” theory. Brand power is very important for white wine, especially high-end white wine.
The more powerful companies can rely on brand calls to sell their products naturally, so the more branded they sell, the second gate of the "Dam" theory. Brands are highly attractive and sticky.
Fear of deep alleys, the importance of channel-building for white wine marketing has become more and more important as the population migrates in a regular fashion, with high frequency of transport infrastructure, and the rapid rise of new retailing. A significant improvement in the profitability of distributors, and an expansion of the channel's fine veins, will turn the channel's resistance into a push, complaints into a positive move, and a lack of love for brands.
As companies increase their channels and brands, the gates are opening up. The potential of the fluids themselves can be transformed into dynamic energy flows into reservoirs.
As the price inverted problem is resolved, the firm will further stabilize its prices, focusing on raising the terminal price. With the precondition of ensuring a reasonable price, the price differential will gradually expand to increase profit through channels and drive the marketers’ incentives.
The upgrading of channels has helped companies to scale up their investment in the five grains, moving from a “regulatory counter-price” to a “fixed-price” run. The company is expected to spend on a sustained basis in the future, and the increase in sales will replace price growth as a new driver of growth in the public sector’s performance.
As channels increase, the market’s ability to digest the amounts released by companies expands, making consumers more dependent on the five-food fluid brand, and the value of the five-food fluid brand becomes increasingly popular, with several monopolies driving the build-up of corporate brands having strong pricing rights and performance certainty. Companies are known as high-end fragrance whites.
There's still room for some future upswings, with greater autonomy in prices, and Eastern financial and intellectual sources, figure 12: Channel-building leads to branding.
3.1 The return of brand power is the core of the five-food fluids' competitiveness, driven by the two-wheel drive of the “Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
Adjustments are the first step in the recovery of brand power, specifically, the five- and five-food systems will follow different lines of thinking. Figure 13: Five-food fluids + five-food systems double-wheel drive, five-food fluids: positioning high end. For five-food fluids, the core strategy of creating “1+3” products, with “1” representing the ratio.
Seventy percent of the core product is a 52-degree common crystal bottle of five grain fluids (P-5), ensuring that the P5 core monolithic status remains intact; “3” the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom is no longer limited to specific products, but represents three directions in the extension of the F5 brand: the first is for high-end clients.
A unique and scarce high-end series, followed by a completely new international series for global clients, and a third by a low-level series of young and fashionable orientations for young customers. A multi-level high-end product group, rich in the five-food fluid brand, supported by three strategic brands, with universal five at its core, 1618, cups and low-levels.
The five-food system: streamlined optimization. The five-food system is the dominant brand and low- and low-end location of corporate channels. The firm continues to be determined to phase out market-based products with weak market positioning and low value contributions, to speed up the development of new sub-high-end products, and to upgrade the branding capacity of the drinking plates to form a "4+4" brand matrix. The first four refers to the creation of the five-food spring and five-years.
The second 4 refers to building four individualized products, locking in mainstream prices, and building large ones. According to the company’s plan for the future at the Chengdu Spring Wine Conference in March 2018, the target of 10 billion wine series will be achieved by 2018, and a series of wine plates will produce a single product of more than 2 billion grades.
By the end of the "13th Five" series, sales revenue would have reached $20 billion. Through the deepening of high-end liquor and its optimization, a double-wheel drive of the five-food fluids and the five-food system would have been established, with a "1+3+4+4" in place.
The high-end image of the company, when it reaches the public, makes it easier for the consumer to be sticky to the company's products and to build a solid moat. 3.1.2 “One, two, three” communications plan, rebranding brand power, five grains of ambition.
The core element of competition for high-end wine is brand power, which, according to the March 19th exhibition of the marketing meeting of the five foods and fluids distributors, will be further enhanced in the future, and its dissemination is planned to be "one, two, three" of the five grains brand, which refers to the reintegration, re-creation and re-writing of the fives and China's fine traditional culture.
The "two new" refers to new media, with bold applications such as Twitter, industry, new media, video sites, and mobile apps for branding; and the new form, with significant innovation in integrating communication.
“The three pillars” are landmarks, which are designed to maintain a high-end brand image through the creation of 3-5 landmarks in the markets of Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Chengdu; and the general atmosphere, which is the full creation of brand landings and the creation of a branding culture in many forms, which complements and complements the brand market promotion and channeling of distributors;
Three are major activities, the brand’s major public relations activities. Through the “one, two, three,” communication program, the Chinese culture of excellence is integrated, brand heights are raised, the audience of the Division’s products are broadened, brand influence is put into the consumer’s heart, and the company’s brand power is enhanced.
3.2 Wideness and depth of channels are being expanded, and management ' s long-term strategy needs to be refined and tactically laid down. 3.2.1 Increases in profit from channels and widening of the range of channels.
A 25 per cent reduction in supply, an unlimited supply of unplanned supplies, a “controlled counter-price” strategy to ensure the profit of the operator, a source of financial prosperity in the East, a five-food fluid (000858): a five-food fluid “dam” theory based on market-market growth space.
In addition to its own policy of “controlling up the price,” the external environment has contributed to the sale of the five grains. In recent years, residents have been forced to sell the five grains.
With rising per capita income, rising consumption has led to a sustained increase in the demand for high-end white wine, increased the profits of distributors, and increased the motivation of distributors. In addition, long-term supply failures, rising terminal prices, and five price reversals have led to a return of profit from channels, higher sales activity from distributors, more money and a return of customers.
Clearly, promoting growth in sales leads to a virtuous circle. In a volume-price strategy, firms address inventory and price invertions while maintaining faster growth in sales.
By 2014, the company would have operated on a large-scale business model. In 2014, the company would have opened a large-scale overhaul, separating the five- and five-food systems. The five-food fluids would have been converted from a large-scale to a direct distribution model.
The company reboots five departments (the Department of Management) and operates brand tubes through its seven major marketing centres.
The company selects the big distributors that meet the criteria, transforms the big distributors into platform service providers in a given region, and works with them to develop regional performance goals and plan policies, which function under the uniform guidance of marketing centres.
Businesses do business and do not have direct financial relations with companies. Core distributors use their own channels to store goods, implement marketing policies on platforms, and implement fine marketing according to regionalization and customization strategies.