Continuous layout integration, with high power-led Māori innovation, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Quality Performance Summary: corporate business income of $4.45 billion in 2021, a 45.4 per cent increase compared to 2021;
During the reporting period, the public division further enriched the product series and optimized the product structure, and the product and programme sections generated 2.04 billion yuan.
The same growth rate of 46.2 per cent is due to the semiconductor industry, where the power plant has fully realized the advantages and operational efficiency of the company’s industrial integration and achieved a 44 per cent increase in sales. During the reporting period, the company developed a new generation of low-pressure mosfet products with high performance and achieved critical core technology surges in the product.
(b) Inches platform development and product serialization research and development to further enhance product performance and reliability, and the sales of igbt products increased significantly by 94 per cent from year to year, representing a significant increase in power devices.
Downstream demand continues to flourish, and productivity growth contributes to the innovation of the Māori rate. The market landscape is high, companies are overstretched in hand orders, overall capacity is high, and manufacturing and service plates achieved sales revenue of $2.83 billion over the reporting period, an increase of 42.1 per cent over the reporting period.
Material Storage Technology (vfrm), which has established a platform for iron and electrical storage and manufacturing processes for embedded products; and
• The third generation of semiconductor materials was well developed, with silicone carbonated and thorium nitrogenated (gan) moving in parallel. In July 2020, the company held a sic diode product launch, which, after six months of marketing promotion and validation, has already resulted in a small supply; the development of sic-mosefet products is now at the end of the process, and its industrialization is being prepared.
On the gan side, the 6 and 8 inch products are being developed simultaneously, using the full industrial chain advantage, from the liner material, from the device design, from the manufacturing process, from the encapsulation process to the production of silicon-based nitrified thorium in all its aspects, and it is hoped that new products will be launched this year.
The company is China's leading company with the ability to integrate the entire industrial chain, such as chip design, crystal-crystal manufacturing, seal testing, etc.
Semiconductor enterprises, and integrated and integrated semiconductor product companies, which work in synergy between business plates. The company is a book in the Cayman Islands and operates mainly in the country, focusing on power semiconductors, smart sensors, and intelligence control areas, providing rich semiconductor products and systems to high-quality downstream customers in a wide range of markets, such as consumption, industry, automobiles, etc.
In the area of power devices, the performance and processes of many of the company's products are at the forefront of the country, providing a small number of enterprises in the country with low-, medium- and high-pressure series of mosfet products in the range of -100v to 1500v, and the largest mosfet manufacturer in China ... with all the mainstream mosfet device structure development and manufacturing capabilities.
The Idm business model, based on its internal integration advantages, provides a deep sedimentation for enterprises in the R & D and production interfaces, applying to the field of semiconductors with high capacity requirements for the interface between design and manufacturing. The model helps enterprises build up technology and create clusters of industries to increase market competitiveness.
Figure 1: The company's main product and application area 7. Smart fire prevention 8. Medical 9. Human aircraft interaction 10. Measurement of the "Integrity+Extension" dual-line development of the strategy to become a leading domestic semiconductor supplier.
The company’s development has been summarized in three stages: 1983-2004: a long history: the integration of industrial resources into Hong Kong’s market. China’s first 4-inch crystalline production line was established in the early days, and the company created the first river of the continental crystal circle.
China’s semiconductor, China’s Chinese semiconductor, was a pioneer in enhancing industry’s influence, and was listed successfully in Hong Kong in 2004. 2005-2011: industry leader: 4 years after adhering to the qq on a continuous basis to the C+Extend strategy, the company has been continuously rated by the Ministry of Trade and Communications as China’s 100-Power e-Information Enterprise.
Into Chinese technology: at the strategic development level, the company built 8-inch crystalline production lines the following year, improved production layouts and further expanded capacity. The company was privatized from Hong Kong in 2011.
In addition, in 2019, the company acquired 35% of the equity of the Jaguar e-Tech (Technology and Technology) Ltd., at a price of $18.2 million, to open up a car-grade encapsulation business. In the same year, the company set up a two-billion-sized Roughco fund as an integration of the Huayun Group.
Important investment vehicles in the field of circuits, the project focuses on the horizontal and vertical integration of semiconductor up-and-down industrial chains with microelectronics and technologies based on the “supermor” law. At this stage, companies continue to invest in technology development, resulting in a number of awards within the industry, and in 2020 they successfully landed as the first red-share return enterprise.
Figure 2: The company’s main development process The company’s equity structure is concentrated, with the controlling shareholder China-Yuan Group holding more than 66% of the shares. The actual owner of the company is the State-owned Asset Oversight Management Board of the State Council, which holds 66.6% of the company’s shares directly or indirectly.
There are only three: the first under the State Finance Committee ' s name, China Yu Group (Microelectronics) Ltd., with 66.6 per cent of shares; the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, Inc., with joint shares between the Central Ministry of Finance and several State-owned enterprises, with 5.9 per cent; and the Chongqingxi Water Microelectronics Park Development Corporation, with 2.4 per cent of shares in a highly centralized equity structure, which facilitates the successful implementation of the company ' s long-term strategy.
In terms of holding and participation companies, companies own more than 16 domestic holding companies, 20 offshore holding companies, and two participating companies, and are the outcome of an outreach development strategy for companies. Through long-term investment holding companies, companies design upstream materials and equipment, advanced envelopes and specific applications in the downstream sector, and horizontal power supply, electrical power, battery applications and sensor core components.
The company’s main operations are: product and programme, manufacturing and services. The product and programme industries focus on power semiconductors, smart sensors, smart controls and other ic products: manufacturing and service operations provide crystallization.
Manufacturing, encapsulation testing, modeling and other services. By 2020, the manufacturing and service industry earned 3.83 billion yuan in revenue from the collection structure, representing an increase of 20.2 per cent in the same year and 54.9 per cent in business; product and programme operations earned $3.10 billion, representing an increase of 23.4 per cent in the same year.
h1. The company's product and programme, manufacturing and service operations generated revenues of $2.04 billion and $2.38 billion respectively, and other operations realized, according to the Māori structure, the Māori manufacturing and service business was 24.6 per cent and Māori was 49.0 per cent in 2020; The C&I strategy contributed to long-term development with steady growth in fluctuations in operating income and a strong rebound in profits.
The Department's business performance in previous years: between 2016 and 2020, corporate operating income increased from $4.4 billion to $6.98 billion, and annual compound growth. Net profit attributable to the mother increased from $30 billion to $960 million, with an increase of 14.5 per cent in 2020 compared to the previous year, far exceeding the growth rate of revenue, mainly as the growth in corporate operating income exceeded the growth in operating expenditure, and the strategic advantage of “integrity + outreach”, emerged.
The integration of the downstream industry chain has enhanced the ability of companies to control their costs. 2021 h1, the company achieved a double increase in operating income and net return to the mother, which amounted to $4.45 billion, an increase of 45.4 per cent over the same period; and a net return to the mother, which amounted to $1.07 billion, an increase of 164.9 per cent over the same period.
Industrial chain integration has contributed to a steady increase in profitability and a gradual increase in R & D inputs. 1) In terms of profitability: in 2020, the corporate M & A rate was 27.5%, an increase of 4.6 pp over the same period last year; the net interest rate was 15.2%, an increase of 6.3 pp over the same period last year.
The advantages of resource integration are beginning to emerge across the chain of industry. (2) Cost side: in 2020, the cost of company sales was 1.5 per cent, a decrease of 0.4 pp from the same year; management cost was due to a significant increase in size, but the cost rose in absolute terms. The increase in the cost of sales was mainly due to an increase in the company ' s sales operations;
The increase in management costs is mainly due to an increase in the number of khokims and the increase in labour costs over the same period; the increase in R&D costs is due mainly to the increased investment in R&D by the company, which is planned to build on the original 6-inch production line, while taking advantage of the technological advantages of the 8-inch production line for basic process technology development and product sequencing development, and to the promotion of broad-banded devices such as gan, sic, etc.
Product R & D and production, better match the application scene, industrialize the products of the broadbanded device, create differences for companies The net operating cash flow rebounds to a new high, is now a net upturn, and the quality of the company ' s operations returns to a positive trend. 1) The year of operations has regressed sharply, then recovered and innovated high in 2020, rising from $580 million in the previous year to $1.83 billion in 2020
The net cash flow of the company, which grew by 1.35 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, shows that the cash flow of the company is healthy and continues to be positive.) The net ratio is as follows: from 2016 to 2020, the firm ' s net present-to-intellectual ratio fell after growing rapidly in the previous two years.
The annual net ratio of companies is 1.9, a slight improvement in the same year, mainly as a result of a rebound in operating cash flows in the year. 2021h1, the net ratio of companies is 1.3, mainly because of the increase in net profits from home returns in the year.
Gbt’s share of the group has gradually increased, the process of industrialization of the third generation of semiconductors has accelerated, the quality of corporate profits has been rising, and the company’s product and programme sales for 21-23 years are projected to increase by 40 per cent, 30 per cent and 20 per cent, corresponding to a Māori ratio of 42 per cent, and scenario 2: the company is leading the process level industry in the field of crystal round manufacturing and seal testing, as well as key core technologies.
We've been making a breakthrough to support the development of our own products through the advantages of industrial chain integration, and given the current semiconductor climate cycle, which is at a high point, and the likely downside trend over the next two years, we expect the volume of corporate manufacturing and service sales in 21-23 years.
The combined growth rate of the net profit of the mother is expected to reach more than 40%. Given the company’s leading position in the power semiconductor area, the dollar will be. For the first time, the “buy-in” rating will be given.
1) Risks of global macroeconomic fluctuations; Nose has received, and will not receive, any form of compensation either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report; Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.