Global sweeper taps are expected to reboot in a more aggressive strategy.
With the ability to manage the product, channel and cost of efficient operations, the company's share of the machine-cleaning product class is $13.98/16.26/19.56, or 16.3/14.0/11.6 times the price per person.
• With the power, channel, and profitability of efficiently operating products, the share of land sweeps is now the world’s largest share of the land sweep industry, both within and outside the country, and rock and stone technology is now the world’s first floor sweeper brand, in the German-speaking region.
/Nordical/Korea/Turkish/North America share leadership, future penetration/under North America/European and Asia-Pacific white markets remain an important anchor for the industry. We believe that excellent management and cohesive corporate culture, great product power, pre-emptive overseas channels, excellent cost-control capabilities, are stone sections.
The main reasons for the continuous increase in the share of technology, both domestic and foreign, while maintaining a good growth in performance are: (1) management: the firm's founding team's background favours the creative style of the product engineer, stimulating full and stable staffing. (2) product power, the company's products over the years have been new to the principle of “homogeneous, equal-priced” and the relative friend of the product.
Businesses sharpen and pay more attention to consumer pains, giving companies a great deal of product power. (3) With regard to channel power, companies have a pre-emptive advantage in overseas channels, especially through stronger access barriers in the United States, South Korea, Germany, etc. (4) With regard to cost-control capabilities, cost management ends, companies have the technology to lead industries.
+ Supply chain downscaling capabilities, especially focus on real pain spots, unnecessary parameters and performance, and streamlined skus, giving companies a significant advantage in costs. At the cost end, companies always focus on roi and do not release multiple resources through inefficient channels, with more aggressive marketing strategies with stones, while at the same time Cowes and chasers
As a result of the net rate of interest on stone technology, which is much higher than that of our domestic and foreign counterparts, we see more room for companies to invest their share of the market. ..The competitiveness of companies has opened up the gap, and it is expected to reboot under more aggressive product and marketing strategies.
In the short and medium term, at another beginning of the tenth anniversary, we believe that, with a change in organizational structure, the Stone Section is expected to start a new phase with a more aggressive strategy. In terms of product strategy, this push ahead of the campaign is expected to be more numerous, more price-blowing, and more valuable new products are expected to be launched overseas.
With a more aggressive marketing strategy, we expect that the company will be able to renovate the new channels + the new channels, with increased cost efficiency; in terms of product expansion, washing machines, land washing machines, etc.
Keeping up the upgrades – Corporate Information Updates (CIRs) are also starting to pick up the pace of new approximations, and the corresponding investments are increasing. From a medium- and long-term perspective, companies, as the first brand of globally competitive land sweepers, have few powerful competitors, irobot and Coves.
The p series of new products hits consumer pain spots, the product power is declining, the growth rate is slowing after reduced costs are spent, and cloud whales’ product lines are more homogeneous. We see that rock technology continues to reap the dividends of growth in the internal and external sales sector in the medium to long term, and continues to capture its share.
Continuous maintenance of leadership - corporate information update report - and long-term development - corporate information update report. This report includes three sections on the situation in the geo-scaved robotics industry, patterns of competition in stone technology and prospects for the future.
(i) Land-scanning robotics industry: Domestic markets: As the technology of land-scanning robots matures, along with the industry's leadership, ground-scattering robots become a necessity for young Chinese families. 2024h1 Chinese machine sales grew by 19% in the same year, returning faster.
U.S. Markets: U.S. online channels have been broken by stone technology, with industry/rock brand full-base stations rising to more than 20%/50%, respectively, confirming that the U.S. market has a real demand for full-scale station products. U.S. Underline channels will have greater space in the future, with 2024q2 stone technology entering more U.S. underline channels, no.
European markets: German-speaking and Nordic markets have been taken over by Chinese brands, and product structures have been upgraded. As China’s sweeping robotic brands have opened new channels such as France, South Europe, and the United Kingdom, newer price-banding products have been introduced.
Asia-Pacific markets: South Korea, Australia, Taiwan, and Turkey are more mature, and rock technology is in absolute leadership. Japan, South-East Asia, is still being taken over by low- and middle-end brands like irobot, and with rocks, the market is still in the middle and lower end.
Opening up these channels for the representative Chinese land sweeper brand to produce more value-added products, with greater scope for the future. (2) The advantages of rock technology: good management and cohesive corporate culture, great product power, pre-eminent overseas channels.
On the management side, the firm’s founding team is guided by the creative style of its product engineers and its motivation to be full and stable. On the product power side, the company’s products over the years have been new to the principle of “same quality, same quality.”
In terms of access, companies have a pre-emptive advantage in overseas channels, especially through stronger barriers in the United States, South Korea, Germany, etc. In terms of cost management, companies have a technological landing capability in leading industries and supply chains.
Focusing on real pain spots, non-unnecessary parameters and performances, and streamlined skus gives companies a significant advantage in costs. In the case of costs, focusing on roi does not release multiple resources through inefficient channels, with more aggressive marketing strategies being pursued by stones while tracking down and starting to contract sales costs, the future costs of the stones are expected to be invested.
With the net interest rate on stone technology far higher than that of our domestic and international counterparts, there are more costs to be spent on the future of stone technology: at another beginning of the tenth anniversary, we believe that rock technology is likely to be based on a change in organizational structure.
More aggressive products, marketing strategies, and a new phase. In terms of product strategies, this push ahead of the campaign is newer in number, wider in price, and more valuable new products are expected to be launched outside the sea; (2) in terms of marketing strategies, we anticipate that the company will rely on a more aggressive approach.
The marketing strategy is geared towards the rehabilitation of the pipeline and the expansion of the emerging channels, with an increase in the efficiency of the cost of spending: (3) In terms of product expansion, we see that, in addition to cleaning machines, new products such as washing machines and land washing machines are starting to accelerate, and the corresponding inputs are gradually increasing.
At the same time, in the medium-to-long term, as the first brand of a globally competitive land sweeper, there are not many powerful rivals, irobot and Coves have a declining global market position, and there is a slowing trend towards lower costs and a more homogeneous product line for cloud whales. In the medium-to-long term, we see that rock technology continues to enjoy it.
Growth dividends in the export sector continue to take their share. More countries, channels, price bands, and groups of goods are covered, 2025.2 Industry: originating from abroad, growing larger than China, increasing space is still vast. Land sweepers are still originating from abroad, but in China they have completed technological upgrading and scale production.
• Global: The development of ground sweepers can be divided into “three main steps”, addressing the functional, intelligent and easy-to-reach issues of the ground sweepers, and the smart rear-training of Chinese enterprises, followed by technological orientation. Phase I, addressing the functionality of the ground sweepers, with products dominated by random patterns, 1996, Eli.
In 2002, irobot launched a three-part clean-up structure based on random collision navigation. So the prototype of the "scanning" function was completed, with the irobot-driven purchase of the tasted crowd driving penetration.
In 2004, irobot pushed out the Lighthouse Positioning product for the first time. Neato (2010) and Dyson (2014) started trying to clean up.
In 2012, Irobot, a leading industrial leader, acquired an awardrobotics and received a vslam navigation patent, and in 2015, a revolutionary product, Roomba 980, was launched.
In 2016, for the first time ever, the "Micro-Screen Robotics" of stone technology for mill-manufactured mills applied the ids technology to large-scale ground-cleaning machine products, significantly reducing the consumption threshold for planning-type products. Phase III, addressing the ease of ground-scrubbing machines, progressed to the base station type.
Since 2021, China’s land-cleaning companies have continued to introduce automatic underwater, all-ground stations, mechanical arms, and ground-plate-lifting products, and have continued to move toward the ease with which their hands are freed, gradually leading them to technology in the category of machine-cleaning.
Domestic: Development of the intelligent second-half-way relay industry, reducing production costs for lds while continuing to move forward with base station-type functional expansion (1) (one machine age (2009-09): compared to overseas, the domestic clearing industry started late, Covo
In 2016, head technology started to lead the industry's lds technology path, which reached 3.8 billion in 2016.
Won. It then grew to $8.9 billion in 2019 with 33% cagr. (2) From the Cleaning Age (2019-2021): in 2019, the cloud whales launched their first self-cleaning product and in 2021 the automatic underwater product was launched. In 2021, Coworth launched the first collection, Self-cleaning + Self-assemble Dust.
In 2021, the industry continued to grow to $12 billion, and in 2019-2021, the cagr reached 16 per cent. (3) The All Base Age (2021 to date): the company of the Dragons continues to build up the whole station's product line and pull up the scale.
It continues to grow to $13.7 billion. However, expensive base-station products have not led to a rapid increase in the size of the industry, and have continued to introduce micro-innovation products such as mechanical arms for low marginal-covering pains.
Looking back and looking back, in the past, the development of the land sweep industry revolved around the three main lines of “functionality”, “intelligentity” and “facileness”. In functional terms, it revolved around the core function of “scave” from the original single.
In terms of intelligence, it is a manifestation of the evolving technology associated with “robots” and is constantly evolving in navigation technology through various stages of development such as “random bumping”, “lighthouse navigation”, “vslam”, “lds-slam” and so on.
Looking ahead, there is still some room for innovation and development in the class of machine sweeps. In terms of product life cycle, the brand sweep product is now relatively mature, and the industry has moved from the "import period" to the "long-term" – i.e., higher penetration rates.
But the product’s “maturity” is not “innovation” at the end, and we believe that there is still a lot of pain that needs to be addressed, and that there is still some room for future development as the first shape of smart cleaning of home power. First, the intelligence of the machine is largely reflected in navigation and shielding, and is now largely low.
The cost solution is addressed, but the algorithm, as a smart “soul” of the sweeper, still requires long-term data accumulation and continuous feedback from the manufacturer. As an automated household cleaning device, the sweep robot is able to reach the designated location as instructed, and
The designated location completes the clean-up work. So the ground sweep robot has three questions to solve in terms of operational capability: (1) Where am I now? (2) Where do I go? (3) How do I get there? (1) Navigation technology solves the first two problems, namely, knowing where I am and where I am.
Technically, a mature set of programs needs to include modules such as positioning, mapping, global planning, and local planning. Under these classic frameworks, slam algorithms are usually used to achieve simultaneous positioning and mapping.
Slam, vslam, and laserslam (lidarslam, lds). Visual slam sensors are able to sense a wealth of environmental information, such as texture, colour, distance, shape, but are used with the ability to be disturbed by light, motion shaking, etc.; lds are not disturbed by light intensity, but in a dynamic environment and similar geometry rings.
These two algorithms have natural complementarities, combining the two sensors to meet most environmental use requirements. In 2016, as rock science and technology gradually reduced the cost of lds technology, they were held in a powerful industrial chain in China.
The navigation technology has gradually become industry mainstream, and the current mature programmes are often complemented by visual navigation and the achievement of greater navigation performance, but the irobot visual navigation programmes are still dominant overseas.
(2) The barrier technology solves the third problem, which is to ensure that the sweeper robot is able to reach its target position successfully. The essence of the barrier technology is that the sensor measures the depth of the environment and controls the machine’s stoppage in time.
Current mainstream barrier technologies are mainly 3d visual, which can be divided into three broad categories of visual, structural light, and 3d-tof technologies according to a three-dimensional bathymetry. While barriers can also be achieved in lds/visual navigation technologies, in order to achieve a more precise barrier-free performance, radars currently located at the top often combine multiple sensors, for example, with multiple sensors.
Visual + laser, accompanied by the use of the ai technique for object identification to achieve a higher degree of barrier avoidance. Although there are now more sophisticated lower-cost solutions for navigation and avoidance techniques, the algorithm is the ceiling in which the soul is located, which determines the intelligence of the sweeper.
Arithmetic space for intellectual upgrading includes large model speech, precision avoidance, navigation and avoidance integration, information protection, product crash prevention, pollution identification, and tactical clean-up, which is far from being sufficiently intelligent.
Second, in terms of ease, the land sweeper is expected to further free its hands: (1) edged clean (no more than two clean times): (2) hair handling (reduced or even not maintained): (3) barrier-up (thresholds, thick carpets, etc.): (4) sewage from the base station is prone to odour; (5) garbage is still subject to regular clean-up; (6) noise control, etc.
Third, functionally, additional and enhanced functionality can be built on a scavenging one: (1) on components, further optimization of elements that have a high impact on user experience, such as batteries, electric machines and rolling brushes: (2) attempting to develop other functions, such as increasing the efficiency of mechanical arm work, adding upstairs functions, etc.; (3) achieving a comparable level of washing ground
A machine-operated washing robot: (4) achieves a variety of clean functions, such as collecting clothing. (5) Low space cleaning (with navigational barriers and thin airframes). Figure 6: Innovation is not over, and there are still more pains to be solved in the ground sweeper.
There are still limitations in dealing with narrow corners and edges, and it may not be possible to completely clean these areas.
Robots are easily trapped by structural cards like stairwells or high thresholds. 1. Unpositioned, often unable to return to normal positions.
Laser radar is not working, it's not working, dust bags are limited, and users still need to replace dust bags every dozens of days, increasing the maintenance burden.
The noise generated during the operation may affect the rest or work of family members intelligently unprecised technology, prone to collisions or neglect of small or low-sized barriers, and influence clean-up.
The smartness of the sweeper requires the connection of the homewi-fi network to receive remote control instructions, so there are a number. According to security risks, the privacy of the user and the safety of the network may be threatened.
Most of the time, passive clean-up models are used, lacking the ability to proactively identify and respond to clean-up needs. No proactive clean-up strategy can be adapted to actual clean-up needs.
Most robots can't go up and down automatically right now, and robots, in the course of their work, will identify falling clothing as a barrier and then go around, add clothes and pick them up.
Overheathing can lead to a lack of access to dusty and dirty areas such as sofas and bed floors, 2.2. Intra-distribution machine markets: industry is expected to revert to the logic of rising penetration rates, with a more stable pattern.
(i) Until 2016: industry has been brutal for a long time, and prices have been fiercely competitive. In the early stages of industrial development, the clearing house was dominated by single-organized products with less differentiation in functionality, with manufacturers gaining a larger share by lowering prices. (2) In 2016-2018, the industry addressed smart issues but had a more stable average price, driven by industry drivers.
In 2016, rock technology used lds for large-scale rice sweeper robots developed for millet, with an average price of $1.699, up from the industry ' s product over the same period. Then, under the guidance of stone technology and lds navigation technology, the leading firm rolled out the lds laser-wide type of product, with a steady increase in industry pricing and rapid sales during the period.
(iii) 2019-2022h1: From cleaning up to a full base station, the consumer's willingness to pay the premium has been reduced, and the driver has shifted to higher prices. In 2019, irobot, the overseas leader, introduced his own dust collection product, cloud.
Whales have introduced clean products, 2020h1 industry has followed up on dust collection/cleaning functions, 2021h2 coworth has pushed out the whole base station product, and 2022h1 industry has followed the whole base station. While the functionality of the whole base station has gradually been fully developed, consumers’ willingness to pay high premiums has begun to decline, sales have started to decline, and the drivers have shifted to higher prices during the period.
(4) 2022h2-2024h1: The whole-station product strategy has shifted to high/high-quality price swaps, and industry has driven down base-based products p10,2023h2 and launched a quality-to-value product p10pro, opening up the industry for value-for-year swaps. 2024h1, stone technology plus machine-armed products with stable prices, industry's share of high-unit full-base station products
The upgrading has led to a structural increase in average prices, with faster growth in sales. The year on the sales line in 2024h1 was a gradual increase in the penetration rate of ground-cleaning plants across the base station. As the prices of the entire base station were higher than those of single-cleaning products, the sales of high-end products above $4,000 in the industry gradually increased, and the sales of low-end products below $3,000.
The rapid decline in the 3,000-4000 price belt sales and their share has always remained relatively stable, becoming a sub-product structure in which the industry, in a context of high price-for-price demand, has increased consumer demand for product performance and has tended to buy entry-level whole-station products rather than low-priced ones, with the share of total sales already exceeding 80%.
The price of base-station products has declined, with an average of 4041 yuan, or 14.0%, in 2023, also contributing to an increase in product attractiveness. The average price of base-station products continued to decline in 2024, with the consumer buying threshold falling further, with sales of 2024m1-7 full-base stations accounting for 82%.
Competition patterns: Stone technology continues to increase, with over 3000 to 5,000 yuan of significant competitive advantages, industry cr5 is more stable than 90%, and stone technology’s share is rising to first place. Based on the driving force of new shipments and successful marketing strategies, the market for stone technology 2024m4 has risen to 26.93%.
The ring ratio +5.5 pcts, which goes beyond Coworth to become the best market for sales on the inner line and then continues to achieve its share. Competition patterns lead to a marked advantage in the 3,000-5,000 mainstream price segments of rock technology, with virtually no short market share in the remaining price segments.
According to other brands, Mi focused on low-priced machines and quickly became the head of a low-end market of less than $3,000; stone technology focused on the upper-middle-end market, in 2023 at the main price band of $3,000-4000, over $5,000 2.3, and the global market for land sweepers: China, China, Japan and South Korea were larger, with a higher average price in Germany and Korea.
The market for overseas land sweeps is dominated by North America, Western Europe and Asia and the Pacific, and is growing faster in Eastern Europe and Latin America. In 2023, the total size of the overseas land sweeper market (excluding mainland China) was approximately $5,083 million, compared to 15 per cent in 2019-2023. For sub-regions, Asia-Pacific (excluding mainland China)/North America/Western Europe, respectively, accounted for overseas markets in 2023.
The market size is 16/36/35 per cent, the main market for overseas sweepers, 8 per cent/17 per 11 per cent in 2019-2023: 7 per cent in Eastern Europe/Latin America, 7 per cent in 2019-2023, cagr by country, larger markets in the United States, Germany, Spain, Japan, Korea, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey.
Romania and Malaysia are growing faster. (1) North America: the main market is the United States, with a market size ratio of over 97 per cent, and in 2023, with five countries accounting for more than 67 per cent of the total market size in the European region, with German/Spanish market regulations.
The model amounts to $64.37 billion, and the capr in 2019-2023 is 8.8 per cent; Romania is growing faster (3) Asia-Pacific region: Korea, Japan and Taiwan are major markets, with the total market size of Asia-Pacific region in 2023 surpassing 85 per cent, with Korea/Japan/Taiwan having the same market size.
(4) Other regions: Turkey has the fastest growth rate in all countries, with cagr overseas branded machine products dominated by single machines and single dust products in 2019-2023, and the overall output lags behind. While China's all-ground clearing plant products remain in the lead, a variety of initiatives have been launched to address the differentiated needs of different regions.
In the case of whole-scale station products, irobot is currently only two pieces, with weak product capacity, and sark has no full-scale station product layout. China’s brands, mainly in Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and North America, are now in most regions.
According to gfk, Chinese brands currently account for more than 50% of sales in Western Europe, Asia (other than China), Russian and Central and East Africa. (gfk does not count North America, but the current US-Asia share is 64%)
Stone technology has become the world’s first land sweeper brand. According to Ewe, 2023q1-3 stone technology has achieved the world’s first share of land sweeper products, with the German/Nordical/Korea/Turkish market reaching the top, and the North American market the second.
2.4 In terms of penetration rates and product structure, the global market size of the sweeper continues to increase considerably, compared horizontally with global penetration levels, with less than 5 per cent penetration in China and global sweeper markets and the highest penetration rates in more mature markets.
More than 20%, and we expect that there will still be room for improvement in the future. We defined the level of penetration in terms of holdings/households, with a global market penetration rate of around 3.7% in 2023 and a market penetration rate of 4.4% in our country ' s more mature markets, with a higher penetration rate in Spain, Norway and the United States of America of 20.7%/20.0%/14.9%, respectively.
We believe that there is still much room for increasing global penetration as the supply of overseas products is optimized and China’s land sweeps are priced. The global market for land sweeps is at various stages of development, and can be broadly classified by penetration and burden levels.
We define user-owned revenue/product parity as a burden on land sweep products, and observe the penetration and affordability of land sweeps in different countries, which are largely positively correlated. Further, we can divide the stages of development of major land sweepers into several categories, depending on relative bias:
(1) The penetration rate is higher than the affordability of products: countries and regions represent mainland China, Taiwan, South Korea, Romania, Germany, etc.
Capability, which boosts the penetration rate, is expected to increase at a price. (2) Product affordability is higher than penetration: in more developed countries such as Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States, there is some consumer education, but a lack of supply, and industry is expected to increase at full cost as the supply of good products increases.
(3) Product affordability and penetration are basically the same: in places such as Thailand and Viet Nam, where indigenous brands have grown savagely, low-end supply largely matches low-end product affordability, and medium- and high-end markets are expected to continue to open up and bring about a substantial increase in prices. (4) Product affordability and penetration are extremely low: Turkey and Argentina are currently representing the country, and the country is currently represented in the world.
For the supply of products to only extremely insensitive groups of people, the industry is in the import phase, and prices are expected to return to normal levels in the future, which will boost the industry’s penetration rate at a rapid rate. (5) A special case is the situation in the Spanish market, where the penetration rate is very high, we believe.
The dominant local brand cecotec is stronger, selling prices for intermediate-end products with low consumer income and product power. This is mainly due to its longer-term impact on consumer education, which is expected to increase penetration and structural upgrading in the Spanish market with higher production power supply.
Figure 24: Market penetration in China and the global sweeper is less than 5 per cent, with penetration in the more mature markets of up to 20 per cent or more, and there are a number of factors that can influence the increase in the level of penetration in countries, in addition to the average price level. (1) Puppet ratio: for the home-breeding family, the sweeper can collect the fall hair at any time, if
With re-wetting, the combination of “sediment-collecting” significantly reduces the small hairs in the air and reduces the frequency of cleaning. Thus, in countries with higher rates of petage, such as the United States, Spain, Germany, Australia, etc., the penetration rate of the sweepers is higher, while in France, the United Kingdom, Sweden, Poland, Romania and Argentina, among others.
(ii) Housing area: generally 100-150 square metres is more suitable for the current full-power station-type products (Oviet Clouds). Otherwise, people tend to clean/employ people dry.
Congresses like Taiwan, Sweden, Turkey, and Argentina have a higher potential for upgrading as a result. (3) Clean appliance usage habits: we define cleaning appliance usage habits with vacuums, and consumers in countries with deeper usage habits are more likely to accept ground sweep products, such as those in Europe and America.
(4) Consumer education: We have a rough view of whether there is a powerful brand with the current market of land sweeps. In general, a higher market share means more adequate consumer education, and higher consumer acceptance of better products, such as Japan, the United States and Spain.
China’s market is also expected to benefit from the gradual release of local brand consumer education and lower product prices, which will continue to lead to higher penetration rates. By looking at the curves of googletrend in high penetration countries such as Norway, the United States, and Spain, we find that the process of land-scanning machine-type penetration in high penetration countries has advanced.
Following the process of “brand-friendly products” — “Increased heat in the class of goods” — “Survey-seeking wave peaks” — “Survey-type searches are smoother and the class is moving towards the general public”, the Chinese market is now expected to complete its consumer education, and it is hoped that it will continue to reduce prices as well as high-cognitive dividends as the products of the fully-based stations are ready for good use.
In comparison with other domestic products, compared to other domestic products, the current Chinese market for land-cleaning robots shows a high average price — a high Maori rate, but a low penetration rate, which is expected to leave much room for improvement.
The core use needs of the ground sweeper are easy to clean, the technical barriers of the sweeper are higher, the product cycle is shorter, the industry is still developing, but affordability is still low. The technical barriers of the sweeper and the iterative cycle are similar to those of smartphones, but the frequency of use of the product needs to be increased, and in essence the demand is more simple.
First, functionality needs to be expanded further. Compared to traditional household appliances such as white power, black power, cooking power, and electric vehicles, the demand for floor sweepers is more selective, with shorter life cycles and product durability still to be raised. The penetration rate of the current floor sweepers is slightly lower than that of small household appliances, similar to that of floorwashers and dishwashers, and is at a lower level of water.
We expect that there will be a greater degree of penetration in the class of machine sweeps, as the technology of ground sweeps continues to evolve, product durability increases, industry drops continue, and functionality continues to expand. Figure 27: Land sweeper loads are moderate, penetration rates compared to the main household electricity in the country.
Figure 28: The current overall profitability of the land sweep industry, with a lower average cost of products, is comparable in size to the dishwasher, which compares horizontally with national and national groups, and where China and the global sweeper are expected to continue to grow considerably.
In a comprehensive comparison of national and domestic product categories, we assume that in 2030 our country will: (1) have balanced penetration levels of 15-25 per cent; (2) have a balanced average price of 1.37 billion people as disposable income increases and product prices fall; (5) have a population of 2.5 persons per household.
Field penetration rate is 20%, equipment replacement cycle is five years, with a steady-state balance of 21.2 million sales at an average price of $27.77 billion, or 60.9 billion yuan. In a horizontal comparison across regions of the globe, we simply assume that in 2030: (1) balanced penetration rate of machine-cleaning products
A flat 20%; (2) a balanced average price/household disposable income of 1.5%, with a compound per capita income growth rate, China with the largest space, Asia and the Pacific and Eastern Europe with larger sales growth and Western Europe with much room for price upgrading. We expect that the land sweep industry will continue to grow in the future, both at home and abroad:
(1) Domestic market: As the technology of land-scanning robotics matures, along with the industry, the machine gradually becomes a necessity for young Chinese families. 2024h1 Chinese land-scattering machine sales grew by 19% from the same time, returning to (1) the United States market: online access has been broken by stone technology, with 2024m8 industry/rock branding full-scale stations
The ratio has risen to more than 20%/50%, confirming that the US market has a real demand for full-scale station products. There is much room in the future for U.S. offline channels, which are expected to replicate the product structure and competition patterns of offline channels as 2024q2 stone technology enters more U.S. offline channels, such as target/bestbuy.
In July of that year, the proportion of places under the German and Finnish lines that we observed was 79 per cent-77 per cent for Chinese brand sweepers and 46 per cent-31 per cent for German/Finland-wide station products. In 2023, the number of households in Germany + the Nordic region was approximately 553.2 million, while in France + the major countries of southern Europe (Italy + 31 per cent).
Spain)+United Kingdom households amounting to about 10.38 million, if based on the same land sweeper holdings and a certain increase in prices, space is simple to calculate, and as China’s land sweep robot brand opens up new channels such as France, South Europe, and the United Kingdom to launch wider-priced bandwidth products, only the French + South Europe + United Kingdom incremental market is still larger than the Chinese brand’s dominant region.
The markets in Asia and the Pacific: South Korea, Australia, Taiwan, China, Turkey are more mature, and stone technology is in absolute leadership. The markets in Japan and South-East Asia are still occupied by low- and middle-end brands like irobot, with stones.
Opening up these channels for the representative Chinese land sweeper brand, offering more value-for-money products, with greater scope for the future.3 Core competitiveness of rock technology: product power, channel power, and cost-control capabilities for efficient operation
In our view, excellent management and cohesive corporate culture, great product power, pre-eminent overseas channels, excellent cost-control capabilities, are the 3.1, efficient operation of stone technology, both domestically and internationally: the creative style, motivation of the company's founding team in favour of product engineers.
The company's founder, Chang Qin, was a program manager before he started stone technology, a senior product manager, and a Beijing Elves Technology Ltd.
The rest of the team members see that the Deputy General Manager has recently been employed in a communications enterprise, with the overall project output and marketing capabilities, and is expected to have a better understanding of the consumer electronics category.
The senior manager of the building team, Zhao, who was in the traditional manufacturing industry for 100 years, is expected to have a better understanding of the design of the structure. The core technical staff, mainly from Microsoft, Huaieng, Intel, Arm, Nokia and others, have many years of experience in research and development and have extensive research and development experience in their respective technological fields, and are expected to develop technology for the future of the industry.
Rock technology is more efficient and more operational. Unless it is seen by the producer, the company's workforce is smaller than that of its friends, with a total of 1,126 people in 2023, with sales/management/research and development personnel, respectively.
By measuring the human effectiveness of the ratio of income to the number of non-productive employees, companies have, over the past few years, far more than their friends and are expected to have stronger managerial capabilities. Companies are leading their counterparts in the payroll of R&D staff, adding equity incentives is stable, and the human system is more stable.
The annual performance appraisal of equity incentives in stone science and technology is relatively easy to achieve, and is awarded at a relatively low price, with more and more stable incentives for research and development personnel, which are conducive to long-term research and development. At the same time, researchers in stone science and technology are well paid per person, and are expected to attract better research and development talent.
3.2. Product power: a three-dimensional quantitative understanding of the US-Asia Review, the number of complaints and the app rating, that the company ' s products are of the same quality, of the same quality and of the same quality, and that it is highly competitive compared to its friends, and we stand at the peak of 618 in 2024, starting with the purchase decisions of a common land sweeper consumer.
On March 29, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 10spro, all of which are mechanical arms, was released at the G-20s, V20s, and P10spro.
We consider the purchase options of a common land sweeper consumer during the 618s period (May 20-June 18, considering the inhaling effect, which can be roughly represented by May-June data).
The budget is more than 3,500. In about 4,000 bits, stone technology p10spro is the lowest price and base station is the choice of value for money; in 5,000 + bits, stone technology g20s is the only brand-named new mechanical armship under $5,000 ($499 for single machine and $5599 for upper and lower water) is the choice of quality.
The company’s share of p10spro and g20s reached 14.0 %/5.2 %, respectively, and became an approximation product at around 4000 / 5000. In fact, the success of the mechanical arm product is traceable.
The purchasing user's focus on functionality is highest, with a rating of 4.5 points and a rating of 3.5 per cent in the second place (crossing/defeating/avoiding), so we expect that in 2024 an important element of competition in the country's land-cleaning industry stems from the problem of marginal cleaning, a demand that is addressed by the arm of the machine.
Reverse history. The new strategy of corporate homogeneity continues to work, the share at the end continues to rise.
Quality stability and value for money: (3) opposes forced push, blindness, often opting for differential strategies to compete with the best of friends, and to provide consumers with better product use experiences through functional or price advantages. Omni, while consumers recognize the ease of their full-power stations, the high price of $5999 attracts only a small fraction of the price.
The end-consumption group buys it. As the first stone technology-based all-house product, g10s have been incorporated into automatic mop-washing, automatic dust collection, automatic water recharge, auto-stereosis, self-cleaning of the five core functions of the base station, with high-efficiency cleaning and excellent software capabilities, with much lower pricing, high-price comparison leading to high-value sales once listed.
(2) In the 618 new product cycle in 2030, the company continues to offer a better priced all-power-based station product, p. 10. The stone brand p. 10 is priced only $3299 on the basis of a full-power base station, a 5500-per-cent straw, a high-speed double-rotation wetland, ai mind-controlled lift module, and the integration of the newly upgraded rrmason 10.0 algorithm.
A step has been taken to lower the price threshold for all-power-based station products and to achieve a higher value for money. For friendly products, Kovos has launched a close-to-position bid t20, but has been priced $3599 and lacks the chassis removal and drag-down function; and the same price is set at $3299 for the search for the same period of competition w20, but it is not possible to clean the base station itself with a rag.
Figure 36: p10 City is significantly ahead of new items in the same period, and at the same time, stone technology has launched its annual flagship product, g20 at a price of $4999, to locate high-end machines. The innovation has installed a super-energy double-drive module, which upgrades the structure of the moping function and brings with it an innovative double-swipe brush,
By contrast, Kovosx1spro has a slightly lower price, but missing mops automatically lifts and can; searching for x20spro has the same price, but tows is the traditional double-discrete tow since the release of g20.
Price volatility is minimal and always attractive to consumers, with 0.41% of the city’s share remaining 15 months after the sale, and is rare in the market for ground sweeps, reflecting the company’s longer life cycle. In August 2023, the company launched a new product, p10pro, which focuses on “intellectual dynamic mechanical arms + hot water rewashing.”
For 4,000-bit products, p10pro has an intelligent dynamic mechanical arm and hot water rewashing function. As a competing product, s10proultra, a product that has been pursued at the same time, is close to p10pro, but slightly less capable of shielding technology and dragging up and down: the new Cowers flagship x2 tried to solve it by square design, despite carrying a mechanical arm.
For hot water rewashing, t20spro sells it as a point, but there is a clear difference between the mechanical arm and the identification of the object, and therefore less than the sales performance of p10pro.
The Amazon platform is highly regulated, with few billings and a higher degree of confidence, and we analyze the competitiveness of brands by observing the distribution of the bestseller hot singles and by linguistic analysis of the reviews.
On 6 September 2024, the number of stones on the first 100 sku in Mexico was 13, with an average rating of 4.36; the number of skus on the list was 4 and the average rating of 4.2; and the number of skus on the irobot list was 4.
For 13, the average score was 4.03; the number of skus in the sark list was 8 and the average was 4.18; the number of skus in the Kovos list was 2 and the average was 4.25. (2) Of the first 100 skus in Deya Bestseller, the number of skus in stone technology was 9 and the average was 4.4; and the number of skus in the sku list was tracked
The number of skus in Kowals is seven, with an average rating of 4.14; and the sark has no sku. We have chosen Sku, which is the number one brand that sells all brands in the class of machine-scavenging products, and through a cloud analysis of its first 100 comments, we find that stone technology products are equally powerful and less negative.
(1) Stone technology (s7maxyulltra/s8maxyulltra, selected link matching product): The good evaluation is focused on clean efficiency, barrier-free navigation, map-making and application functionality, but there are negative evaluations of special cleaning such as hair, blankets, etc., mainly for unupgraded s7maxvulltra.
(2) Kovos (the chosen link counterpart product is deebotozmou2): The good reviews focused on cleanness, efficiency, poor concentration of power retention, frequent malfunctioning of applications and lack of intelligence, poor performance in warranty and maintenance, noise, Caden or lost roads, etc.
(3) irobot (J7+ for the link product): good ratings focused on pet friendly, clean, accurate mapping, poor ratings focused on noise, card traps, poor clean-up performance, etc., clean-up effects (4) (x40ultra for the link product) good ratings focused on cleanness, application process
Sequencing intelligence, navigational avoidance performance, and noise control, but applications often have problems, instructions are not properly communicated to robots, and clean-up is somewhat negative. Figure 42: Stone techs 8maxvultra has a high product power, and its main strengths include efficient cleaning and powerful applications.
From the point of view of product complaints, the company’s product is of better quality, and the return rate is expected to be lower. We have selected black cat complaints for the same time period (14 July-13 August) and found that stone technology has received less complaints overall than friendly firms, with better quality and return complaints overall.
By contrast, Roborock has a better rating of more than 90%, far higher than his best friend, and has a stronger software ecological capability. Figure 43: The number of complaints received in 30 days from stone-scanners is lower than that received by his best friend. Figure 44: As of 2024m7, stone-student apps have more than 90% and far.
Higher than the best rating of a friendship, with a strong software ecology, troborock rock technology R & D input is roughly equivalent to that of a friend, the R & D staff ratio and the R & D rates remain ahead of schedule.
Building up product leadership. 2024h1 R & D costs + 43%, and the number of R & D personnel further increased to 786. Figure 46: Recent significant growth in stone technology R & D. 3.3. Channel power: locality, pre-emptive advantage, inward sales not blindly pursuing emerging markets.
Looking back at the evolution of rock technology, the choice of marketing channels is also important in addition to having good products. (1) In 2014, when the rice ecological chain was first created, income was secured. When it was founded, stone technology did not have the option of making a direct and autonomous brand, but rather of joining the rice ecological chain, relying on powerful brand power to obtain sales and sales.
Income security, which provides important financial and empirical support for the survival of companies, as well as for the subsequent development of their own brands. (2) Since 2017, home brands have been developed, and profits have been supported. After a difficult start in entrepreneurship, in pursuit of greater development space, the company’s management has been building brand-owned stone technology/Siaohua since 2017.
In 2018, stone technology landed on the North American and European markets, relying on management's judgement of the enormous potential of the offshore market, as well as on the ability of companies to produce products.
Overseas sales have gone up, with overseas revenues growing by 1,800 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2019, while offshore revenues have gradually stabilized the market for land-cleaning machines, washing machines, and so forth in 2021.
The curve is so robust that it has been allocated to the main sector within limited management and operating resources, so the ground-breaking platform has never been hit by new business and has continued to develop more robustly. In the choice of channels, companies are not blindly pursuing emerging markets, and the externalities vary according to the local context.
(1) In the domestic market, the land-cleaning class is dominated by online sales, emerging power suppliers, such as tremors, are developing rapidly but with less profit-making space, and the companies are mainly focusing on traditional power lines such as Kyoto and Skycat; in the case of underline channels, the owners are to be located through the experience shop, but not as the main distribution channel.
(2) In foreign markets, companies adopt differentiated marketing strategies based on different market characteristics. For example, large but fragmented markets in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region, companies have been able to create a full initial distribution through distributors such as purple light and Muljang in the early stages of market expansion, and have been further nationalized after stabilization, gradually expanding to self-built channels (products)
Directly sold to indigenous kas, while Amazons are home-grown; in the North American region, the company’s online channels have been strengthened by the strong American-Asian platform, which has gradually established its feet, has a certain size and has accumulated enough product labels, and has further developed its own stand-up on the bottom channels and brand lines, such as Bestbuy, Target and others, which have shown a stronger capacity to operate the channel.
Figure 48: Rocks and technology have now been built into a variety of channels covering all channels, both within and outside the country, and have become more stable. For example, rock and stone technology has developed faster than friendly firms, selling underlines and + Amazon camps. Differentialization has led to the selection of suitable marketing models for different market characteristics, depending on the local context.
(1) The irobot is rich but unable to market.
China’s land sweep brand, Coworth, has established overseas headquarters in Singapore, and sales subsidiaries in Germany, the United States, and Japan, together with the Chinese market, have set up a global marketing system. The overseas channel in Kovos was initially built on its own direct lines, and in recent years it has been expanding mainstream power suppliers’ platforms, well-known distributors, and dtc officials’ networks.
(iii) Recovering: multi-line sales, which have been under the line in recent years. Searching for the first time in Korea in 2019, later than other Chinese brands, but fast global in just two or three years, has been globalized in Germany, the United States, Japan, etc., with a high degree of coverage. Searching for early exits through cross-border power suppliers.
The first step of globalization has been the deployment of local agents in recent years, and the establishment of a system of self-employed power suppliers and a network of straight-line companies has been set up to track down the plans to open under-line flagship shops in major cities around the world, including Paris and Tokyo, in 2024. (4) Cloud whales: late to sea, mostly on-line.
The lateest of the mainstream Chinese brands are North America, South Korea and Japan, Australia and others. 3.4. Cost-control capacity: high value for goods & quality for products, while not crowding in at the same time.
The company’s net interest rate of 25.4% continues to widen the gap with competitors, demonstrating greater profitability. We believe that stone technology’s insistence on homogeneity strategies seems to be a compressed profit space for share growth.
In practice, however, companies still maintain a relatively high level of profitability, owing mainly to their technological landings in leading industries and their supply chain mitigation capabilities, especially focusing on real pain points for users, non-renecessary parameters and performance, and streamlined skus, which give significant advantages to company costs, in particular:
(1) Māori is stable at the end of the scale: unbundling includes price, cost-added pricing for new products, long life cycles and stable prices, low price channels, cost, effective reduction efforts, low sku rates (2): stringent cost controls, efficient delivery, and focus on input output ratios.
It's more stable, it's more volatile, it's more volatile, it's more volatile, it's more cost-adding, it's more stable, it's more stable, it's more stable, it's more stable at the start of the market.
The final price of a product is calculated on the basis of first calculation of the manufacturing costs of the product, which is based on the establishment of a Māori rate (usually 50%). If a reduced product is achieved, prices are adjusted gradually on that basis, based on broadly maintained profit rates, thereby fully implementing a strategy of homogeneity while ensuring stability of Māori rates at the company level.
Post-market sales promotions are low, price spreads are stable, and the Māori rate within the life cycle is less volatile. The changing market share of brands shows that only p10spro, out of the five new items of 2024q1 mentioned above, has not shown a downward trend, and that 2024m7 reverses and rises, showing a strong vitality for stone technology products.
The long life cycle of stone technology products is also reflected in overseas markets. According to the overseas shopping website, Idealo, the overall price of stone technology qrevo did not reverse during the 2024m3-2024m8 period, and the price of deebott20omni in Coworth and the recovery of l10sultra prices continued to fall.
In addition to this, the company ' s past small sku, which resulted in lower costs, such as amortization of molds, and higher overall scale effects, as well as fewer channels for low Māori in companies, such as very little participation in broadcasting, and the fact that the main distribution channels for domestic sales are in Skycat and Kyundong, all contribute to a more stable high Māori rate.
We compare the income and output of stone technology and alumni in single-stage products in the robot market in 2021-2023.
In this case, it was found that the difference between the cost of single-stage technology had gradually been reduced in the face of a steady increase in the single-machine lead income. The cost was lower in 2023, and it continued to decline by $4.4 compared to 2022. Given the differences in channel structure, the distribution model of stone technology is expected to be larger, so single-stage income is expected to be higher than final.
The end-of-end retail price should be lower, i.e., the end-of-service retail price of the corresponding product is expected to be higher under the current single-stage income of stone technology. And the current one-way cost gap in firms is becoming smaller than that of friends, and is expected to reflect lower production costs under the higher end supply.
The demotivation of stone technology is based on the introduction of higher-valued products without reducing user experience, both technological and structural. For example, p10 at a price of $3299, (1) through algorithmic upgrades, reduced the use of two cliff sensors and achieved the same drop-and-drop-proof function. (2) All-base station pushers
Rehydration is easier after discharge, thus reducing the size of the water tank; (3) the faults of the turnpads are technologically upgraded and improved to remove more costly flat-plate tremors. (4) Many users have observed that they do not trust the self-cleaning of the base stations, and therefore remove them from the low-end type of machines and change them to a structure that allows them to disassembly.
After the land sweep has evolved into a full base station, the water storage capacity of the airframe itself requires a drop in costs, focusing on roi and not losing resources in inefficient channels.
Companies’ cost budgets are stable, well-regulated, and they pursue investment returns. Based on the intense competitive environment in the domestic market for land sweeps, leading firms are increasingly investing in advocacy.
Under strict cost control, companies used to choose a more stable and high-return sales channel, characterized by “profits first” and a steady overall development. From specific publicity channels, stone technology is more focused on growing grass than station flow, because
The video platform can be more efficient in helping consumers understand the core technologies of the land sweeper, targeting digital electrodes, and in precision marketing. For content electronics platforms like shivering, stone technology is mainly used as a marketing channel.
We believe that the efficiency of future spending on stones is expected to increase further, as the rock’s net interest rate is much higher than at home and abroad.
Peers, with more space to spend on the market. 4. Future perspective: Prospective products, marketing strategies, stone technology as the current leader of a clearing machine, product power in high-priced positions, low-priced positions.
The main friends are now subject to profit goals, the overall expected slowdown in competition in the industry, and we see that good companies continue to be strong in a more aggressive product and marketing strategy, fully benefiting industries, more aggressive product strategies, and are expected to promote more intensive sales. New sales are usually based on new sales.
As a result of a combination of functional additions and reductions, brands tend to be new in their main thrusts before the big push, so we can look at the size of the product at the current point by comparing the first one with the new one. As of September 8, 2024, stone-head technology had sold three new pieces of land sweeper, an increase in the number of new ones (2021 - 2023) over the same period (201 - 2023).
On 6 August 2024, stone technology continued the series of blasts, issuing a new p20pro& single mechanical arm at a price relative to the new product p10spure and maintaining the “homogeneity of the product”.
P20pro: P20Pro price comparison on the mainstream price range of $399/4599 (up and down), compared to the historical p series of products/friends new owners for the same period: (1) industry bottom up and down: 4cm above the barrier, with a friendship generally around 2cm.
(2) Certification of 0-twixt cleaning system: the first sgs, tuv double-certified hair twirling ratio certification 0% system, including 1 spiral arc design [first zero twirling brush], 2 two cones high-speed currents, differential design, hair gathering, peeling and sucking [0-twirling arm swirling master brush], commonly certified by a friend of a laboratory; (3) vacuuming capacity: up to
18500 Pa, currently the highest comparable product in the industry. In addition to these bright spots, the original functionality has been further varied: (1) twin arms: upgrade to the tow sheeting edge < 1 mm; (2) base station self-cleaning: new sewage containers to remove stinking modules, more fungus: (3) 75°C hot water moping (4) rrmindgpt large model: support for fuzzy/self-inflicted
In addition, we have observed that corporate overall marketing motivation has increased considerably after management changes, and is expected to boost corporate income faster when product power is high. In terms of preferences, this time,
The company has significantly increased its marketing efforts following the change of management, which is expected to result in a stronger share.
P10Pure: 3000 - Price-to-Engineer-to-Engineer products This entry-way-to-Engineer-Engineer product p10Pure, pricing $2499/3099, is expected to be replenished by the main product line of the 2,000-3,000-bit lower share, which continuously pulls up the company's full price-to-share share.
In May-June, the 2000-3000-bit run-off of milligrams 30s, rock technology at a lower price (300-dollar spread), base station height, cleaner area, software ecology, and better algorithms, the rest of the parameters are largely consistent. As p10s reduced value for money, p10bure merely reduced hot water shampoo, dirty soil detection and recovery.
Remobilize the drag charge, but the price is down by $600, and the price is higher than the price of the priced segment. g20sultra: the price of the 5,000-bit line product continues to lead to the flagship, 5 September 2024, the brand-new stone technology vessel g20sultra is on the market, with a price of $4999/5599.
For the third new item before the 11th of July this year. As a complete rejuvenation of the g-boom series, g20sultra mounted a p20pro bottom-plate lift system, which reduced the body thickness to 7.98cm (navigation technology upgraded to the Starfleet lead 2.0 system), supported towing autodismantling, brushing three-litre drops at the top of the brush, upgrading the range of barriers to 108, and
The base station is down to only 30 cm. Keeps the g-series high-priced feature. Compared to the friendly company ' s flagship fleet: Kovosx8proplus, single-page pricing is $5999, over G20sultra 1000, the main roller is alive to the ground, but it is suction, decomposition capability, master brush/side brush control rises and drops.
It's a little too low, and there may be water marks, leaks, and difficult to lift: there are differences in the treatment of barrierd, thin, side brushes compared to the search for the new faa.
The machine is expected to be less functional than the barrier. The main object of the sheltering program for the new preheat sweeper is a double aid, aiding the lift-up of the mechanical foot, raising the body up by moving the mechanical foot, and accelerating the passage of the rear fixed main wheel, but the bottom is always in contact with the ground, and is expected to act as a single barrier. The rock technology p20pro/g20sultra is new.
The use of the "Breakboard Up" system for decomposing functions is expected to be more practical. The hyperbolic program is expected to have a higher failure rate and reduced shielding capability. Stone technology uses built-in 3d-tof lasers.
Radars, thin airframes to 7.98 cm; search for a full-scale laser radar technology programme with a temporary unknown thickness, but a range of problems may arise from a decline in navigational avoidance capacity after an upgrade, an error in lifts causing card problems and difficulties, which are expected to be less practical than built-in solutions.
Rock technology is much more powerful in the field of lifting and processing. Both support the uplifting, but the lifting of rock technology is likely to shrink to the interior of the airframe, reduce contact with and scratching of long fur carpets, and is expected to be more resistant to entanglement.
4.1.2 Under the priority of revenue, emerging channels such as shivering are expected to become new growth points for companies in the future. Traditional power providers continue to account for a larger share of the traffic on the land sweep line and are growing rapidly. According to Qiu Qian, in 2023, the sales of traditional power vendors (Skycat + Kyoutong) were combined.
But, in recent years, shivering channels have emerged as an advantage for content suppliers, with rapid growth, with sales of +35% and 39% respectively in 2023 and 2024m1-7. With a more aggressive marketing strategy, stone technology is expected to succeed in replicating the kyoto channel and the Skycat channel.
2024m1-m7 stone technology has a 28% sales rate in the Tokyo Channel, up from 4.9 pcts in 2023, making it industry-first. At the same time, shivering and Skycat platforms are relatively weak, with 12% of the city's share, far lower than Cowus and search, and the Queens, with greater scope for upgrading, are considered to be more proactive product strategies and channels.
According to the strategy, stone technology is able to take advantage of the rapid expansion of the industry as a whole, to increase both the size and the share of the platform, while replicating the success of the platform and further impacting the City of Skycat. 4.2. Outward sales: the opening of the country-owned fine-tuning operation is expected to speed up the breakout of the underline channel and stabilize the line.
It is hoped that the irobot will succeed by opening up a country-owned, refined operation and making a more positive diversification break across different export markets.
In regions such as Europe and Asia and the Pacific, where local countries and markets are more fragmented and where different religious and cultural beliefs lead to sales seasons, and although early reliance on distributors such as Muming has led to unprecedented coarse growth, as more open markets move in, and the populations are close to saturation, it is necessary to become more refined and national in nature.
In 2005, when Irobot set up 19 retail sales networks at the North American base to dock 7000+ stores, the market’s localization began with the introduction of irobot, which provided strong support for its global operations.
With a wealth of sub-line connections, marketing services have started in Europe, Japan, and elsewhere, using distributors as a bridge. Over the next 20 years, irobot’s operations have expanded rapidly globally, with the distribution under the line playing a significant role, and the public administration has been able to penetrate local markets quickly and achieve stronger channels by developing local teams for distribution management.
With the growing abundance of stone technology products, the construction of product labels, and the rapid spread of traditional distribution patterns across most regions, stone technology has also been operating overseas since 2023. We expect the company to do so mainly by delineating regional markets and setting up a large distributor in each region.
By regularly analysing the progress of channels and the effectiveness of marketing strategies, companies can adapt their strategies in time to achieve optimal competitive results.
The Division planned a series of marketing plans for the 2024 Paris Olympics, with a phased breakthrough in the French market, which began selling at the Boulanger gate while at the Beaugrenelle Paris 15 stand-off; on the online channel, the city of 2024h1faya rose to number one; and (2) according to the company war report, 2024h1 was in Norway/
Sweden/Romania achieves two-fold sales/sales sales, and Switzerland sells first. (3) According to corporate reports, in Korea and Turkey, 2024h1 achieves two-fold sales/sellers. (4) In the Japanese region, the company re-signs new agents whose power has stunned and is expected to exploit the full potential of the Japanese market with the US-Aminist mark.
Figure 67: Stone technology was the first to start a nationalization and fine-tuning operation in the Chinese brand, and a phase of progress has been made to date.
The period of gross growth has passed.
For more sophisticated transport strategies and territorialization, the regions are expected to set the cores.
(b) A strategy of precision management, regular partitioning and clearance to provide ammunition;
To meet local heart distributors with various channels for progress and marketing strategies.
The potential of the market for cleaning appliances to meet the differences represents the region's reputation.
The result of the nationalization of stone technology was the highest rate in the city of Faya, in the first half of the year.
Step-by-step placement under the line to launch a flash drive. July 2024, primeday, Korea: first in sales/sales.
Turkey: Sales/Sales Double First Europe: City of Deja: Sales Norway/Sweden/Romania: Sales
First, sales + 100% Covo Island f (f)
Asia-Pacific region: Australian sales equal to Switzerland: sales first, Paris flash campaign
The nationalization strategy of rock technology can be responded to by the differential operation of its social accounts. On mainstream social platforms overseas (e.g. Facebook, twitter, etc.), the distribution of stone technology accounts is not different from that of friends, including product functionality presentations, user experience feedback, etc., using basic tools such as promoting products, attracting consumers, etc.
In addition, the strategy of social media in stone technology is nationalized and refined. In several social media platforms, stone technology operates in a regional and national context, with targeted awareness-raising programmes for specific groups, such as families, young people, etc.
Figure 68: The social media operations strategy of stone technology reflects a strong nationalization feature, and looking ahead, we expect companies, with a more aggressive product and marketing strategy, to be able to achieve a more sophisticated market operation with different country-specific variations and break-downs.
4.2.1. North American markets: Tariffs have less impact, lower line access to more shops this year, tariff boots have been dropped, with less substantial impact. At the end of May 2024, the United States Trade Representative (ustur) updated its 301 tariff exemption list, adjusting it.
Some of China’s products are exempted from customs duties. Among them, vacuum cleaners with power of not more than 50w and dust bags of not more than 1 m have been removed from customs duties and vacuum cleaners with power not more than 1,500 w. To a certain extent, the company has deepened and we expect this tariff increase to have less impact on rock technology performance:
(1) In 2023, the proportion of income/profits in North America was only 15 per cent + 10 per cent + profit, respectively, compared to 32 per cent +/ 40 per cent + income/profit in Europe, while the bulk of income/profits abroad was still from Europe.
(2) The impact of tariffs is expected to be effectively cushioned by raising prices and controlling fees. The Māori/net interest rate for stone technology sales in North America is 70% + 10% + with higher price increases and regulatory space. Given that the tax base is generally 30% of retail prices, tariffs are expected to increase the cost of US single-stage products by about 7.5%.
A sensitivity analysis of the magnitude of the impact of net interest rates, measuring the range of increases required under different tariff rates, (3) tariffs have a common effect on the industry and are expected to contribute to higher concentration in the industry. Most of the supply chains in North American markets are also in China (irobot part in Malaysia), and tariff effects are relatively common.
The market is less profitable, and as the tariff burden increases, the willingness to raise prices is more pressing than is expected for stone technology. The US and Asia are looking at the slogans of their products, and the current market is rising to the top, with more ka being located in the lower line channels.
According to M.A. 2024h1, sales of products with an average cost of less than $200 amounted to 55.26% and sales of products with an average cost of $200-300 amounted to 16.76%. Stone technology has a differentiated strategy in the North American market, positioning high-end price bands.
In the United States of America, sales of clean appliances are mainly carried out under the line, with irobot taking the lead.
In 2023, U.S. vacuum vacuum vacuum cleaners accounted for 58.1% of total sales, with 28.5% (28.9%/0.7%) of non-groceries/underline sales, respectively. Big businesses like Bestbuy, Target, Walmart, and Sams'club
The main ka is the main distribution channel, contributing most of the sales. Using 2023 m1-m11 Qianya data as an approximation of sales through the U.S. electricity channel in 2023, the sales through the E-Wise All-Classage market was rounded down, and Irobot was found to be selling off the line in 2023.
More than 80%, dominated by the Coves brand, 3.1%, and China’s land sweeper brand with a larger alternative space. In the U.S., low-line ka channels, owing to limited below-line display space, deep-brand two-way binding, and low-level awareness of the whole-scale site class, the pattern of competition for the land sweeper class is stronger, with new entrants usually ahead.
Many rounds of business negotiations are conducted, and then they go to the sub-contractor's online platform to test and then replace the rest of the card booths under the line for a long time. The rock technology is now pre-positioned, and the target, bestbuy, is in place.
For example, at the end of 2023, more than 180 sub-target shops were installed at a cost of $950, with 13 sub-tour stores in Los Angeles alone. The same rock technology has been fully deployed online, and has entered several ka-based businesses, including Bestbuy, Walmart, Costco, Homedeepot.
There are four stone-scaved machine items, including S8proultra and S8plus, that are sold with a high average rating, and we believe that the company is expected to increase the pace of under-line presence further under a more aggressive marketing strategy. 4.2.2, European markets: Germany is expected to be replicated, with the rest of the market structured upgrades + blank market presence
In terms of prices, the European region is expected to replicate the German market structure, with room for price increases. In 2023, Turkey, Germany, and Korea had a higher global average of $1073/770/677, respectively, which is expected to be due to the positioning of brands such as rock technology and the local floor sweeper brands in medium- and low-end product layouts.
With a national average price of 5%, the country has experienced faster growth in recent years, and we believe that Spain, France, and the United Kingdom, among others, are promising to replicate the German market’s product structure, with some room for price increases. The German vacuum cleaner market, with its share in stone technology, is ahead, and it is clear that the faster rate of growth will increase.
According to Kuchangdea data, the market share of Roborock/ecovacs/dreametech/irobot/eufy/Cow whale sales was 54.6%/15.2%/20.9%/5.3%/3/0.0%/1.0%, respectively, during the period of 2024h1. 2024m6 stone technology has weakened in the German market, but it is still in the lead among the six major brands mentioned above, with sales proportional to total sales of the six major brands.
According to the company's war report, stone technology was the first to sell in the city of Deya in July, accounting for 26,000 items, compared with 100 per cent, qrevopro was the first to sell, and the bulk of the products entered to Top2.
2024m6 Stone Science and Technology Channel sales accounted for 32% of total sales of the five major brands, with an overall positive expansion. According to Kumiya data, the market for sales of Roborock/ecovacs/dreametech/irobot/eufy during 2024h1 was 43.0%/16.0%/30.4%/9.8%/1/0%, respectively.
The sales of etech/irobot were +68%/-51%///+86%/+65%, respectively, and the overall sales of Chinese brands in the French market grew faster. Moreover, rock technology entered the French offline channel at 2024m4 and is expected to enter Italy and Spain at 2024q3.
The sales of 2024m6 stone technology in Britain and Asia account for 16% of the total sales of the five major brands, and the overall expansion has been successful. According to Qianqian data, China’s brands have grown faster in the UK during the period of 2024h1 than in the past.
As far as the bottom line is concerned, stone technology is at the level of staircases in all regions of Europe.
In the Nordic and German-speaking regions, there is a significant advantage in stone technology’s offline channels. It has been observed that stone technology has achieved a relatively advanced channel layout in Finland and Germany, while Sku, which is sold in the online market town, is relatively comprehensive.
We believe that the company has established more sophisticated sub-line channels in the German-speaking and Nordic regions, and that the new flagship products are well established and are the company's dominant European market.
Table 9: Stone technology has a significant advantage under the German line, with new flagship products in place well t30omni, n8pro+, n10plus (full base *1+ single dust*2) 3 products pursued d9max, l10sproultra, l20ultra (full base *2+ single)
Sark1 product, rv2600 (single dust*1) xiaomi1 product, e5 (single machine*1) zaco1 product v5spro (single machine*1)
philips2 products, xu 3110/02, xu 3000/02 (single dust*1+ single machine*1) Stone technology has six skus in sale, search for six, Cowes 13, irobot 5, stone technology is in an accelerated breakthrough in the French market.
The technology is more complete, there is more room for sku upgrades at the under-line shop, there is a certain number of unincorporated shops, there is still a large gap in the distribution of channels, and the opening of doors is at an accelerated stage. Rock technology is about to break out in southern Europe.
In July 2024, the stones will enter the Italian market, and there will be much room for growth in the future. In Spain, for example, the potential target market is dominated by Spanish native brands cecotec and irobot, neither of which has access to rock technology at the lower end of the line, nor is sales under the line yet in the initial stages.
The largest number of skus are currently located on the mediamarkt line, which has reached 19 blocks, and has been well-positioned on the line to support the introduction of stone technology into the Spanish offline market. We expect the next half of the year to go down the line in low-market countries like Italy, Spain, and others.
There is still much room for upgrading in the European region under nationalization and fine operation. titanium, longa2499ulrahomeadvanced, conga2499ultrahome x-treme, conga7490imortalx-treme, conga8090ultrat, conga2499ultragenesis (single machine*6+)
irobot has a total of five products: roomba 697; roombai 1; roombacomboi 5; roombacomboi 8+; roombai 8 (single machine *4+ single dust collection*1); xiaomi has a product for vacuum-mop2s (single machine*1).
Stone technology, Kovos not located at the under-line shop: cecotec has seven products: conga 11090, congaservie 1490impulse, conga2290ultrahome, conga2290ultrahomex-treme, conga7490imortalhomex-treme, 24999ultrahome
(fontanella, 8th store) titani, conga8290immortalultrapower (single dust*4+ single machine*3); xiaomi, with a total of 1 product, is g10 (single machine*1);
irobot has a total of four products: roombai1, roombai8, roomba 975, roombaj5 (single machine*4), stone technology has 19 sku in sale and search for 12, Cavos 15, irobot 8 Overall, stone technology still has much room for improvement in its distribution channels in the European region and can be expanded to “extension”
The two-pronged approach is “extension of channels”. For regions that are not yet fully developed, including the French market in progress and the Italian and Spanish market in preparation for entry, successful experiences in Northern Europe and Germany can be replicated, with high productivity as core competitiveness and impact on potential markets dominated by low-end land sweepers; and, on the other hand, more perfect.
Online channels are based on a further expansion of the sub-line channels to build a multi-dimensional marketing channel system. 4.2.3, Asia-Pacific Markets: It is hoped that South Korea will be replicated and that the rest of the market will be upgraded + a blank market in which rock technology is in the lead.
In terms of market share, stone technology has reached 35.5%, and it is expected to grow faster in the Asia-Pacific region at the top of sales/sales, with 2024q2. In South Korea, we have seen two professionals in Seoul, Lotehi-Mart, and electromet, Ka.
As a developed country, Korea’s land-cleaning product structure is relatively high-end, with a high proportion of all base-station products and 53% of viewing stores. Competition patterns are mostly Chinese and Korean local brands, and Euro-American brands are relatively high.
Less. In the three lower-line shops representing the channel Lotehi-Mart, there are 1-4 pieces of land sweeper products on sale, and 14 skus on the lottehi-Mart line are on sale. The channels are generally strong, and the flagship products are better placed.
We believe that stone technology is now steadily moving in the class of machine-cleaning and that, with the gradual expansion of new categories such as land washing machines, washing machines, etc., it is possible to move into the business under these lines as an integrated home power provider and continue to expand the company's full-source advantages, while reproducing its experience to Japan and China.
Asia-Pacific markets, such as Taiwan, have continued to build a second income growth curve.
In recent days, the washing machine has been pushing three new pieces, and the washing machine will also have a new one, with a more positive overall pace and a gradual increase in delivery. We see a wider range of price belts and product lines leading to more marketing space, while new products are expected to go out with the cleaning machine and build a second growth space.
Laundry machines: After the product was first introduced in February 2023, the company has continued to expand the price segment, which has been renewed in recent days, and the marketing portfolio has continued to increase the efficiency of its placement.
On August 28, 2024, two new pieces of a washing machine were added to stone technology, of which o1 was priced $1699 for a body-washing product and $300 less than the price of m1pur. In terms of cleaning capacity, q1 retains all the basic functions of a drying machine, with outstanding performance in terms of cleaning capacity, debacterization capacity, etc., while reducing washing capacity.
On 4 September 2024, the molten stone z1 opened a pre-sale. The cleaning capacity of z1 made a new breakthrough, reaching 1.2, the largest product of the company, while the washing capacity of z1 was increased to varying degrees, in which
On September 9, 2024, stone technology launched the a30 series of land washing machines, the main highlights of which are:
(1) Higher value for money: a30 and a30pro price 1999 and $2399 respectively. Although a30 has increased significantly in terms of sexual and intellectual ability compared to a20, the two land scrubbers do not differ much in terms of price, and take into account the advantage of a30, their value is relatively high.
The three dimensions of twirling, zero dead-end and zero burden have raised the clean-up experience across the board. (3) Design upgrades of the shape: a30 series with lighter designs with a height of 12.5 cm. (a20:15 cm)
(4) Full-dimensional upgrade of cleaning capacity: a30 series rolls the number of puncture holes up to 32 to ensure that they are properly humid and improve the cleaning effect. 20,000 pa supersorts together with high-speed rotation brushes, easily absorbs a variety of large, small and dry waste. (a20: 17000 pa)
(5) Smart assistive systems: version a30Pro uses ai-aid wheels, double-direction aids, combined with ai algorithm to achieve millisecond-scale sensors, real-time matching aids, both forward and backward, which are less powerful. (6) High-temperature self-cleaning and high-temperature drying of the whole chain: support deep brushing, ensure cleaner as new, and
By drying at an extreme speed of five minutes and drying up the 90°C hot wind full-chain wind dry, eliminating molding, antibacterial all-weather full-chain resistance. (a20:(7) 5-heavy gas separation system: achieving 180°C flat and non-spoiling, while clearing water tanks, lower design and tri-side peg design, making cleaning more thorough and non-resistible. (a20:4 w)
(8) Smart control: a30pro supports more sophisticated controls through Roborockapp, including automatic clean-up fluid additions and richer clean model options, while base version a30 provides basic intellectual control functions. 4.4. Medium- and long-term outlook: rock competitiveness, few competitors, and growth is expected to accelerate in the future.
In the medium-to-long term, as the first brand of a globally competitive land sweeper, companies have the power to compete with less: irobot and Coves have a declining global market position, and there has been a slowdown in the near future after the reduction of costs, and cloud whales have a more homogeneous product line. In the medium-to-long term, we see that rock technology continues.
To enjoy the dividends of growth in the internal and external sales sector, to continue to loot shares, to cover more countries, channels, price belts and goods, and with the product power, channel power and profitability of efficient operations, companies have achieved a share in the class of machine sweeps, to maintain leadership, to nationalize and to fine-tune the channels, and we look forward to the restructuring of the organization.
Further development in the context of more proactive product and marketing strategies, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. (1) Channel expansion is not as strong as expected: Europe’s lower-line channels are stronger, especially in the case of profit margin claims, and failure to agree with brand parties may affect the progress of the lower-line-channel expansion.
(c) Sales of new products are not as good as expected. Consumers abroad are more receptive to older goods than domestics, and companies are now marketing.
Commercial deliveries are expected to be dominated by new products and sales may fall short of expectations.