Gold tap, volume up 20,04, 2023 Keyword: #Explosion # Price of Products Rising
The company’s gold industry in 2022 accounted for 97% of the total. The company now forms a whole chain of industry from exploration to deep processing and marketing of gold products.
In March 2023, US economic data fell short of expectations, showing a decline in the US labour market; central banks increased their purchases of gold, and Russian and Australian sovereign funds increased their investments in gold.
Country interest increases have come to an end. The long-term rate of return on US debt is not long-term, the short-end rate of return falls to correct the inevitable trend of the yield curve; real interest rates are the reverse anchor of gold prices, moving downwards, and gold prices are rising.
• The fastest growing production sector, both internally and externally: in 2022, the company produced 38.7 tons of mineral gold, of which 32.6 tons of gold were produced in the country, accounting for 13.1 per cent of the total production of mineral gold in the country, of which the annual gold production of the Jor family was over 10 tons, making it the first gold-producing mine in the country.
• To control silver and gold gold, with significant synergies: at the end of 2022, Shandong gold was to acquire 20.93% of silver and gold gold. Silver and gold were private leaders, and mineral gold and Maori continued to be the highest in the industry. As a result of this acquisition, Shandong gold will strengthen industrial synergies between silver and gold to achieve southwest, southwest, south, south, south, south, south.
In the northeast, resources are available and strategically configured to increase the number of major mining sites outside the province, while the average annual price of gold rose by 50 per cent, the company fell from 95 to 20 times in 2022, without taking into account the growth in production; in the horizontal comparison, the level of gold in Shandong fell at a similar rate.
The industry is the fastest. And, as output recovers, the company’s 2022 gram costs and triple fee rates fall by the same 20% and 5%. Given the synergy between gold moving into the cattle market and controlling silver and silver gold, companies are expected to enjoy the double elasticity of rising prices and falling costs.
Silver Thai gold and Hunan gold were selected as comparable companies, resulting in a value level higher than comparable public averages, but taking into account the firm's position as the purest indicator of gold and its strength and growth, the company was given a “buy-in” rating for the first time.
1. Gold from Shandong: the purest gold tap 1.1. The gold industry leader, the All-Industrial Chain Development Corporation was established in 2001 and placed on the market in 2003, on the Hong Kong border in 2018 and in 2019
a +h share market value exceeded hundreds of billions and, after 26 years of development, the company's leading industry — gold — formed a complete chain of exploration, mining, mining, refining and deep processing of gold products, sold in one; focused on the development of non-ferrous metals such as copper, silver, lead, zinc and lithium, optimizing the company's industrial structure; and collaborated in the development of mineral exploration, mining equipment, industrial chain gold.
The company has an upstream core competitive advantage, laying the foundation for a world-class gold production base in the Kudong region through the successful acquisition of 100% equity in the Ludi gold mine, 100% equity in the Shandong mine, 45% equity in the Hongjing mine in Lei State, 100% share in the Shandong mining industry. As of December 2022, the Jiao gold mine, the Linglong gold mine,
In 2022, the company produced 38.7 tons of mineral gold, or 13.09 per cent of the country ' s mineral gold; the mining industry produced 32.616 tons of gold, or 22 per cent of the country ' s total, the highest mineral gold production in China.
1.2. The equity structure is stable and the business is fully organized. Through the Holdings Corporation, the People ' s Government of Shandong State Committee for the Supervision of State Assets has an indirect share of 26.52 per cent, and the Company ' s business is fully organized, covering a wide range of operations such as mining pipelines, inputs, land surveying, construction, gold control and finance.
The strength of the core resources of the gold reserve was significant, with approximately 19 million tons in 2022 (the three islands of Guozhou, the new town, the Ka Ka, the four 100-ton mines), over 500 tons abroad (Australia, Argentina, Ghana, etc.) and nearly 200 tons in other parts of the country (Sinjiang, Fujian, Hainan, Gansu, Qinghai, Nemon, Henan), and from Shandong Yellow.
Gold mining (Linjong), Shandong gold mining, and Chee-hux mining (Hong Kong) are being mined. The company's gold mining unit provides technical services, works in mechanical equipment manufacturing, cash capital and cash in Shandong gold finance, invests in mining (Hong Kong) and provides investment advisory services in Jinnan gold.
1.3. Restoration of the gold business, with a steady rise in revenue recovery, near normal levels were achieved in 2022. In 2021, the company ' s enterprises in Shandong province entered security checks and were re-established and their production operations were severely disrupted, and camp was completed in 2021, as a result of two security incidents in Shandong Province.
Figure 4: Corporate net profit return and the same ratio. The company’s main business consists mainly of allied gold, gold and petty gold. In 2022, the share of all alloy operations was 41.24 per cent, while the share of gold was 30.18 per cent and the share of petty gold was 21.48 per cent. The share of operations varied from year to year.
The share of gold in this sector has been relatively stable, rising from less than 20% to about 30% overall; the share of offshore alloys and small gold bars in the majority remains, with no specific ratio. The amount of alloys out of alloys is very low, and the overall contribution is made by gold.
It stabilized at 11-14.1% in terms of product Maori, with a higher Māori rate for corporate non-combined metal operations, an interest rate of 87.23% for alloys and 87.4% for zinc metals, with gold disproportionately contributing to the company ' s Māori contribution to 92%. In 2021, gold production was frustrated by a security accident.
In March 2023, the number of jobs in the United States adp increased by about 145,000, or 10,000. In March 2023, the number of vacancies in the US 'sim non-manufacture index and in February was significantly lower than expected.
It shows that the US labor market has cooled; although the unemployment rate has fallen and the hourly wage rise has been higher than expected, it has been more resilient in the US labor market, and it would have taken some time before to impose an extra interest-cycle effect. While the market expects an increase in US interest rate of 25bp in May, austerity has brought a shadow of bank risk events.
The boom, the hike, is over. The long-term rate of return on US debt is not long-term, the short-end rate of return falls to correct the yield curve is inevitable; real interest rates are the reverse anchor of the gold price, the centre moves downwards, and the gold price rises.
3.1. The end of the impact of the production operations and the return to normal levels of gold production The company ' s main business accounts for an absolute majority of gold. 2022h1, in the company ' s collection structure, the share of alloys purchased out of the company was 67.7 per cent, but the ratio of Maori gold was as high as 91.8 per cent.
In 2021, as a result of two security incidents in Shandong Province, the company-owned enterprises in Shandong Province entered the security check year, which was 24.78 tons, a decline of 34.4 per cent, with the return to normal levels of production in 2022 and the expansion of corporate gold production and profitable water 3.2. Within-country expansion + consolidation of resources within the province
According to the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the world's gold reserves are distributed mainly in three major mineral zones, one in South Africa and the other in Central Asia, and three in Shandong, the north-west belt. Gudong gold concentrates a quarter of the country's resources, and more than 90% of these are located in distant, Lé County. Companies have a natural resource advantage, with all major gold mines.
In this way, the gold mines of the country, the Kao family, the Santao Island gold mine, and the New Town gold mine have accumulated over 100 tons of gold, making them the only companies in the country with four mining companies that produce more than 100 tons of gold. The country’s gold resources are the absolute majority, and there is a large stock of gold from abroad.
There is still room in the domestic market for 499.62 tons of equity gold. The company insists on the principle that “resources are the essential interest of Shandong gold” by acquiring 100% of ownership of the Ludi gold mine in Shandong Lei, 100% of ownership of the Shandong mine and 45% of the Hongjing mine in Lei County.
A 100 per cent stake in the Shandong Tianjing mining industry, laying the foundation for the construction of a world-class gold production base in the Shandonggu region. 2022h1, the total gold production in Shandong province was 73.55 tons, accounting for 52.85 per cent of the country's total gold production, while the company produced 21.15 tons of gold, accounting for 28.8 per cent of gold production in Shandong Province.
According to the 14th Five-Year Development Plan for the gold industry in Shandong Province, in 2020, four enterprises, the Shandong Gold Group, the Gold Group, the China Minerals Group and the Hong Kong Smelting Group, accounted for 95.9 per cent of the total gold production in the province, although the cumulative effect of gold production in Shandong Province was highlighted, a portion of gold production in the market was distributed among other small-scale mining enterprises in the province and the company was still in the province.
Outside the province, companies have acquired minerals such as Henan Sky Transport, Chee-hu Bark, Hainan Cholun, etc. There is still the possibility of coordinating the development of provincial gold operations in the future. The company is actively consolidating provincial resources, promoting the expansion of existing mines, and increasing the reserves of resources.
The mine has expanded its reach, promoting the consolidation of resources in the Kao-New Town belt, promoting the build-up of existing mines, and creating a solid resource base for the construction of a world-class gold production base in the Guodong region. In this context, the mineral rights of the Tinjung mine have been integrated into the gold mine of the Cho family, the red cloth mine into the gold mine of the new city, and gold production is attributed to the gold mine of the Joo family and the new city gold mine respectively.
In June 2022, the company, which is a holding subsidiary of the Shandong Lei State company, undertook a consolidation exercise to explore the deep and southern parts of the Jia mine, the deep and peripheral gold mines, the magang 2 and the peripheral gold mines, and to explore the deep and outer areas of the Magang mine, the Magang mine, the Magang mine, the Dongji mine, the gold mines of the Golden City, the Jiu Guo family gold mine, and the nine mining rights of the late Zhao gold mine.
The project will be completed after the completion of the project, with a mining capacity of 6.6 million tons/year, with an average of 6.6 million tons/year.
With a grade of 3.04 g/t, an average annual production of 29.06 million tons of floating gold concentrate (including 18,854.14 kg of gold), there will be a certain increase in mineral production and gold content before integration. Based on this project, the company has implemented an incremental programme in the capital market, with a non-publicly targeted increase of up to $9.9 billion.
In the post-natal period, the operating income of the implementing entity was 537,343,000 yuan per annum and the average annual net profit after tax was 211,306.3 thousand yuan; by the end of 2022, the annual gold production of the gold mine, the gold mine, under the gold flag of Shandong, had reached 10 tons, reaching an all-time high and rising to the top gold-producing mountain in the country.
3.3. Overseas expansion: The Beradero gold mine, Temek company, and Catino's resources have been working steadily, and the foreign resource map has been steadily opened. The company's overseas maps are mainly in Argentina, North America, Canada, and Ghana, South Africa.The company acquired the Argentine Valadero gold mine in 2017 (the second largest gold mine in South America, the largest gold mine in Argentina).
The company acquired the Australian Catino resource (cardinal) at $1.075 per share in 2020.
A 100 per cent stake in its three core gold resource projects in Ghana: the Namdini Development Project and the Bolgatanga Exploration Project in the bole-nangodi mineral belt of the north-east part of Ghana, and the Subranum Exploration Project in the sefwi mineral belt of the south-west part of Ghana, which opened the South African section of the company ' s business.
The namdini reserve, which is rich and of good value for development, will be operational in 2023, confirming that + credible gold reserves + 1.12 g/t, with an average grade of 1.12 g/t. The bolgatanga and subranum projects are still under exploration. In 2021, three minerals owned 218.11 tons of gold, equity gold resources 218.11 tons, gold grade 1.12 g/t; gold holdings
157.2 tons of reserves, 157.2 tons of equity gold and 1.13 g/t of gold; company mergers and acquisitions, frequent expansion operations, consolidation of gold mines in Shandong, gold ore production, gold, gold, silver and Thai gold, with significant synergies
Silver-Thai gold: a private leader, leading the profit-making industry Large reserves of silver-Thai gold, low operating costs, mature regulations for management, potential for further exploration and exploitation, and more profitable, solid free cash flow, successful M&A, Shandong gold reserves, mineral gold
According to the Chinese Gold Association, by the first half of 2022, silver gold was ranked fifth in gold listings in the country, one of the country’s high rates of Maori in gold mines. By the end of 2022, the combined amount of silver gold (including surface deposits) was 1,014.17 million tons of ore and gold and metal.
173.9 tons of silver metals, 6921.2 tons of lead + zinc metals, 166,771 tons of lead + zinc metals, 6.35 million tons of copper metals and 18.2 million tons of tin metals. Currently, there are five mining enterprises under the Silver-Thai gold flag, each of which is the Inner Mongolia Yulong Mining Co. Ltd.