On March 9, 2021, the company issued an announcement that all-embracing companies would develop cellless cells for the development of the science-based green mackerel.
The co-inoculation has recently started at the Schumen County Disease Prevention and Control Centre in Changmen, Hunan Province, where the clinical trial was conducted, which assessed the safeness of the vaccine for children and infants. The co-inoculation has entered the clinical stage, and the heavy strain line has continued.
A combination of three diseases, whooping cough, diphtheria, and tetanus. Currently, the national non-cellular albino vaccine is prepared for co-purification techniques. The Dtcp vaccine is a new generation of non-cellular albino vaccine, with a single, purified effective group of pertussis of one quality.
1. " Performance meets expectations, heavy weight product lines are pushed in an orderly manner. Vaccine products can replace the currently planned vaccines for immunization, which have a wide market perspective. " The company issued a clinical trial notice on 1 September 2019.
According to company announcements, the network of company officials and the cde Clinical Trial Registration and Information Publicity Platform, there are currently incomplete statistics on the country's Conte organisms, Concino and Wuhan.
The company’s clinical trials use single centres, non-randomization, open-arms design, age distribution of the subject from 3 to 6 years, 30 days intervals for children aged March, 1 dose for those aged 18 to 24;
The main target is the incidence of negative post-vaccination events per dose, which is evaluated at 30 days after each dose. The reorganization of the new subunit vaccine was approved for urgent use by Uzbekistan.
Stan’s international clinical trials are well under way, showing good security and effectiveness, and Uzbekistan has granted the company an emergency permit for the use and sale of vaccines in the country. We believe that if other countries are successfully marketed in the future, they are expected to contribute more elasticity to the company’s performance.
The company, as the leader of the national vaccine industry, the development of conventional vaccine varieties and new crown vaccines, has advanced in an orderly manner, and we are working with business partners on ongoing risks: vaccine market competition has increased the risk: receivables and stock flow exposure; the sale of autonomous products has not progressed as expected; the development of new crown vaccines is progressing and cost risks are involved.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment