The pharmaceutical health research centre is performing as expected, and the heavy weight product line is advancing in an orderly fashion.
The net profit was $822 million, an increase of 36.18 per cent over the same period. Performance was positive. Performance grew steadily, and the disease did not change the profile of the vaccine industry headlines.
However, as the head of the vaccine industry in the country, companies are steadily promoting the resumption of production, leading to a steady increase in the number of surrogate self-researched dual-line drivers, and the development of new crown vaccines that have achieved year-round success in overcoming the epidemic.
Unique agent Mercerton vaccine batches are growing steadily, and growth is expected to be stable. The company agent Mercerton vaccine batches are growing robustly: in 2020, 7.22 million Hpv vaccines were issued at a four-price price, a 30% increase; and 9-price Hpv vaccines were issued at a volume of 5.07 million, an increase of the same value.
The firm’s successful renewal of the contract with Mercerton is expected to increase steadily and be more certain. The heavy weight of the self-research product line has advanced in an orderly manner, with strong medium- and long-term growth momentum.
Reorganizing a new subunit vaccine is in its clinical iii phase and is expected to contribute to greater performance elasticity. The company’s new coronary disease is the first recombinant subunit vaccine to initiate clinical trials in the country, with / clinical data showing that the vaccine will be used for the first time in the country.
The company's restructuring of sub-unit vaccine is well-industrialized, the new crown vaccine workshop is well on its way, and it is expected to contribute more elasticity to the company's performance, if successful, in the future. Given the company's role as the leader of the national vaccine industry, it is expected to continue to enjoy high industry growth and heavy-pound varieties.
There have been changes in cooperation with Mossad: competition in the vaccine market has increased the risk: receivables and stock flow exposures; production and marketing of autonomous products have not progressed as expected; development of new crown vaccines has progressed and cost risks have increased.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment