Wang Wei-chul's performance continues to grow at a very high rate, and the development of new crown vaccines and autonomous vaccine products progresses steadily.
The net profit recorded is 3.3 billion yuan, yoy + 39.5 per cent, and the company’s performance is largely in line with expectations. On a quarterly basis, the company’s q1-q4 has achieved revenues of 2.64 billion yuan, 4.36 billion yuan, 4.06 billion yuan and 4.140 billion yuan, respectively.
Agent product + AAV dual-wheel drive: (1) fast growth of corporate agent products in 2020, with a total of 7.22 million and 5.07 million doses of Hpv vaccines at 4 and 9 prices in Middle Mercado, respectively, 30 per cent and 52 per cent more than in the same year, still in a state of oversupply, 5-priced PV
Issuance of 3.01 million copies, a 15 per cent drop in the same year, company ' s recent renewal of contract with Mercerton, missing annual sales of proxy products, but rapid release of other autonomous products through active promotion of bidding, ratio of institutional investors to share in circulationa
Specifically, the acyw 135 cerebral glucose vaccine, the hib vaccine and the ac combined vaccine achieved a total of 6.06 million, 3.7 million and 4.4 million batches by 2020, representing an increase of 703 per cent, 995 per cent and a steady increase in the development of new crown vaccines and autonomous vaccine products: (1) company and Chinese Academy microbiology research
The co-developed new coronary virus vaccine (cho-cell) is in its third stage of clinical development and, based on the data for the first and second phases, is relatively safe, and the technology path vaccine has advantages over competing products in terms of production costs, manufacturing speed, transportation, etc., and will be marketed successfully in the future.
This will lead to a significant increase in performance; (2) company-owned product development is progressing steadily, microcard prevention is in the final stages of approval, 4-priced influenza vaccine, double rabies vaccine, 15-priced pneumonia vaccine is in clinical phase III, and several vaccine products are in clinical phase I and 2 production, and the first and second stages of vaccine production are still in progress.
Plumbing lines are continuous, performance drives are strong, and proxy vaccines are sold less than expected.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.