The M.B.P. (300122) is performing as expected and the agent product continues to be released at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company released a fast-track performance report for 2020, which achieved revenue of 11,590 million yuan (+43.5 per cent) and a net profit of 3.3 billion yuan (+39.5 per cent) for the whole year. The performance was as expected. q4 performance was as expected. Q1/q2/q3/q4 income for the first quarter of the year was q1/q4
Four quarters of income and net profits continue the rapid growth that is expected. The agent business is expected to grow by about 50% over the same period, with a larger income increase, mainly due to a nine-price hpv, while home-grown operations are gradually warming, mainly due to the prefilling of more than acyw135 vaccines, pre-filling ac combined vaccines and pre-filling hib vaccines.
On 22 December, the company signed five variety agency promotion agreements with Mercer East, of which Hpv vaccines 2021, 2022, 2023h1 are basic.
• Reorganizing the development of a new crown vaccine is progressing well. The recombinant protein vaccine (zf2001), developed in collaboration with micro-organisms, is progressing ahead. A summary analytical paper on the first and second trials of the vaccine was published on 22 December in a medical pre-print (medrxiv), which showed that zf 2001 had good tolerance and immunisation.
Sexual, no serious adverse events, 25 μg dosage, 3-agent program gmt levels are twice as high as the recovery patient, and 3 stages of clinical effectiveness are expected to exceed the listed standards.
• New coronary vaccine development is on track, and research and development layouts are on the medium to long term. Corporations and micro-organisms are working together to restructure the new coronary virus vaccine (cho cell) development is on the way, with a share expected next year.
New coronary vaccine. On April 29, 2020, the company recombined the combination of bacterium tuberculosis (ec) and the microcardic vaccine is expected to be approved during the year. The follow-up influenza virus fission vaccine, 4-price influenza virus fission vaccine, 15-priced pneumococcal combination vaccine are also expected to move forward, and the company ' s rich research and development pipeline will be issued for the long term.
The serotype is also in line with the country’s dominant serotype distribution, which is expected to gain a more competitive advantage if it is well placed on the market. On April 29, 2020, the company recombined the integration of bacterium tuberculosis (ec) was approved, and the microcarbosis seedlings were expected to be approved in 2021q1, benefiting from the national tuberculosis control program, and the subsequent product is expected to be released.
Influenza virus fission vaccine, four-priced influenza virus fission vaccine, and rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) are also on the move, with heavy-pound products on the market, where autonomous product operations are expected to take place.
As a domestic vaccine leader, watch the company’s R & D + sales + 2.
The high barriers created by the multiple advantages of industrialization and their long-term value are highlighted. Without taking into account the contribution of the new crown vaccine, the demand for proxy varieties is expected to be strong (2020-08-04) 4.
Ji-fui Bien (300122): Performance meets expectations and Novo has not received, either directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.