Reorganisation of the new crown vaccine has been approved for emergency use, and self-researching capabilities have further highlighted the fact that the Quantico Trinity (300122) is being evaluated.
On March 17, the company issued a public announcement that the company's fully-owned subsidiary, Anhui Chi Feimai, had a limited number of biopharmaceuticals, and that it had recently received a letter from the State Council's joint U.N.-controlled research team on vaccine research and development, which had been approved for urgent use in China.
The global first was approved to restructure the subunit's new crown vaccine The market value of the circulationa share (millions of dollars) The re-engineering of the new coronary virus vaccine developed by the company was based on the re-engineering of the dna technology with the new coronary virus
The receptor receptor (rbd) uniquely receptorally receptor (sprotein) as an antigen, supplemented by a transgenic, synthesist, is developed as an antigen, a two-part anti-national antigen vaccine, a cosmopolitan biocide vaccine, and a consino gland.
A fifth new vaccine was approved in the country after the viral vector vaccine. The vaccine completed 1 and 11 clinical trials in October 2020. The results showed good safety and immunology, with several indicators at internationally advanced levels; 111 clinical trials started in November 2020 and 111 clinical trials abroad.
In Uzbekistan, Indonesia, Pakistan, etc., there are 29,000 planned vaccinations. The 111 clinical trials are now well under way, particularly with the high level of approval of Uzbekistan, the first country to initiate the trials, and with the authorization of emergency use in the country.
See, this vaccine is produced using engineering cellular production for recombinant proteins, without the need for high-level biosafety, laboratory production workshops, stable production processes, rapid realization of large-scale domestic and international industrial chemical production, significant reductions in vaccine production costs, and easier storage and transportation, with relative capacity.
In our view, the approval of the company’s new crown vaccine will address the domestic capacity needs to some extent, while enhancing the self-research product matrix, further highlighting the self-research capability, and _aaa_Twilightfly (300122) coverage report for the first time.
If the company’s vaccine is subsequently procured on a national scale, the related performance is expected to increase significantly. Profit predictions and investment proposals: not taking into account the future performance of the company with the new crown vaccine, I Risk factors: product R & D is not as fast as expected, product quality and sales are not as fast as expected
Stingy.