Fukuokalassindustrygroup (600660/ch) Quarterly Review 2024: Income size and profitability increased at a faster rate, 1q24 over-expected performance 1q24result :revenue & profitgrewrapidly, q1resultbeattextations
The focus on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) is a rapid increase in income size and profitability, with 1q24 performance exceeding expectations.
The rate is 36.8%, corresponding to +3.62 pcts, ring ratio +0.27 pcts; the net return to the mother ' s profit increased by 1.388 billion and the profitability performance was strong. The company q1 achieved a Māori rate of 36.8% for a single season, compared to +3.62 pcts, ring ratio +0.27 pcts, net interest rate of 15.7%, the same ratio
1) Improved product structure, hud glass, panoramic skyscreen, adas front glass, plating, high value added products such as insulation glass, 56.17 per cent, with 4.4 pcts, boosted gas, magnified operating leverage; 3) stable gas prices, lower heavy-alkali prices, raw materials
Cost benefits as a whole; 4) operating efficiency, cost management good, q1 sales, management, R & D and total financial costs 15.9%, same/ring ratio-1.4/+0.3 pcts. q1 automobile glass revenue increased by 29.02% on the basis of performance, significantly better than domestic and foreign automobile industry
The accoutrements, after deducting the impact of the customer compensation income over the same period last year, are on a par with the losses. We believe that the synergies within and outside the sea are gradually emerging and that overseas competitiveness is expected to increase further with the United States of America.
Two high-value-added projects for export supply have been completed, and the company’s overseas business growth has increased rapidly, and is expected to become a new dynamic in profit growth. Losses on exchange and investment are causing overall profits.
This represents a decrease of $31 million in the same year; Tai Juno's termination of the remaining 24 per cent equity transfer in Fukuton, Beijing, resulting in an agreed reduction of $212 million in investment returns. This factor affects q1ebit, 1995 million, or 61.82 per cent.
The trend in the upgrading of car glass is clear, with a new round of energy expansion with capital spending acceleration and code additions. This has been accompanied by a steady deepening of the intelligence of new energy vehicles, a rise in the penetration of high-value-added glass products and aluminium accessories in new vehicles, and a positive expansion of companies to further boost the market.
According to the company's announcement, Glossy Glass is planned to cover 10,000 m2 of car safety glass projects and 26.1 million m2 of car safety glass projects, car parts and glass projects, as well as two high-quality floating glass production lines over the next two years.
Profit predictions and investment ratings. Looking ahead, corporate excellence in industrial competitiveness is expected to strengthen head-level effects, drive prices up continuously, add raw materials such as pure alkaline, and are expected to continue to fall, and we believe that growth in corporate profitability is expected to be strongly supported.
Risk: Unsatisfied by vehicle, increased geopolitical risks, macroeconomic growth, less than expected, and less productive by business. Wang Kaiwang, cfa
Wang Shenzhenoscarwang, cfa