The growth rate of the glutinous glass (600660.0.sh) continues to outpace the industry, with the round-up of non-net profits increasing by 73% on a year-on-year basis, 2401 companies increasing by 18 pc on a year-on-year basis and 73% on a year-on-year basis.
RMB 8.836 billion, corresponding to +25.29 per cent, ring ratio - 5.35 per cent and revenue increase over the same period, exceeding industry by 18.15 pct (2401 domestic vehicle output compared to +7.14 per cent); net return on q1 investment earnings from the end of equity transactions by 212 million yuan and a reduction in total operating profits for the first quarter.
The company pushed for higher quality efficiency, higher prices of raw materials and higher profitability. 20241 Māori, new high-value-added product cycle, new expansion cycle, double price of car glass products. At the end of 23 years, the company sold 140 million m2 of car glass, equivalent to 4 m2 per vehicle.
A total of 35.4 million vehicles were installed, an increase of 10 per cent in the same year, and a global vehicle sales volume of 87.24 million in 23 years, assuming that the back-loading market accounted for 33 per cent of the pre-package market and that the company's global market for car glass accounted for 30 per cent. Previously, Yoyo announced that 1) it was proposed to invest $3.25 billion in the construction of Fujian subsidiary to produce about 20.5 million m2 per year.
(ii) The proposed establishment of a compost subsidiary to invest $5.75 billion in annual car safety, a glass project of approximately 26.1 million square metres and two floating glass lines. The company's projected capital expenditure for 24 years is $8.1 billion, an 82% increase over the actual expenditure of $4.5 billion in 23 years.
Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - A single four-quarter profit growth of 76% over the same four-quarter profit, earning ability to smooth glass, head-up glass, ultra-segregated glass, light-quantified super-feat glass, plating membranes for heating.
High-value-added products such as glass, steel-coated glass account for the same proportion +9.54 ptt. With the high-value-added products, we estimate the value of the car glass industry bicycles to be above 8% in 20-25 years.
Glossy Glass (600660/sh) – 8% increase in quarterly receipts, car glass sheets, Glossy Glass (600660/sh) – 19% increase in four-quarterly returns alone, automobile estate investment proposal: higher profit forecast, maintenance of "buy-in" rating. Companies are global car glass taps.
With the general trend of intelligence, car glass is expected to increase from 4 square metres to 6 square metres; 2) the dollar is raised to more than 2000 dollars. With the connection of car glass grids opening new horizons, industry is expected to continue to increase. Considering the growth in the share of high value-added products of companies and the progress of overseas progress, we raise the profit forecast.
2401 company revenues exceeded the industry by 18 pcs on a year-on-year basis by 73% on a year-on-year basis. 20241 glass achieved a profit of 8.836 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, +25.29 per cent on a year-on-year basis, 5.35 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and a total operating profit of 1,995 million yuan on a quarter-year basis, an increase of 61.82 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Taibaro signed an agreement on the transfer of shares, under which the company sold 75 per cent of the holdings of Beijing Futong to Taibaro, with a total transaction value of RMB 1 billion; the company received 51 per cent of the transfer of shares in Beijing in the same year in the amount of RMB 680 million and completed the registration change process; the remaining 24 per cent of the transfer of shares in the amount of RMB 320 million was deferred several times as of the end of the year
By June 2024, in March 2024, Tai Juno had offered to give up the purchase of the remaining 24% shareholding in Beijing because he could not prevent the external effects, the company had agreed to terminate the contract in Beijing, and the company had retained 24% shareholding in Beijing, which affected the return on investment of 2024q1 by 212 million yuan.
The impact of the termination of the transfer of production was reduced by a total operating profit of $1,995 million in the first quarter, an increase of 61.82 per cent over the same period.
At a time when the price of domestic recombinant pure alkali rose from $2936 per ton at the beginning of the year to $2,000 per ton in March, a fall of about 32% (from $2700 to $2950 per ton in the first quarter of the year) in raw material costs also contributed to a certain increase. 2401 corporate revenues increased faster than industry by 18 pt. Since 2013, the annual harvest of Fukuyo Glass has increased and increased at a similar rate.
Quarterly increases in revenue are generally consistent with those of the domestic car market, where they are largely maintained in absolute terms, some degree higher than those of the industry, with a 7.14 per cent increase in domestic motor vehicle production in 2024q1 compared to the corresponding increase in corporate revenue, and figure 9: annual increases in vehicle/car fleet production versus annual gains in glazing glass.
Figure 10: Quarterly comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in the glorified glass camp End: launch of a new cycle of expansion of production capacity, with a sustained increase in global city share expected in 2023 140.16 million m2 of corporate car glass sales, converted by 4 m2 of glass per vehicle
In 2023, the global market for car glass was 40.2 per cent, compared to +0.2 pct.
According to the company announcement, the company will continue to expand its car glass capacity in the US, Fertilizer, Fuku Qing. The current corporate floating glass production base covers the country, the United States, with 1.35 million tons of domestic capacity, and the United States.
According to the company announcement, the company will then expand the floating glass/photos in the United States, compost, etc. 1) Fukugi: On December 28, Fukuyo issued the Proclamation on Financing the Establishment of a Full-Owned Subsidy, and the company increased its investment of RMB 3.250 billion for car safety glass projects.
Installation of advanced modern production equipment resulting in the production of approximately 20.5 million square metres of car safety glass per year 2. Fertilizer 2. On 25 January, Fukuyo issued a bulletin on financing the establishment of a fully-funded subsidiary to set up Fukuga Glass Co. Ltd., Fyo Glass Conduit Co. Ltd. and Fow Foo Foo Foo Foo Foo Foo Glass.
Company Limited, which invested $5.75 billion in the construction of car safety glass projects (0em auxiliary market), auto parts glass projects (arg post-sale maintenance market) and quality floating glass projects, equipped with modern and advanced production equipment, resulting in the production of annual car safety glass of approximately 26.1 million square metres and two high-quality floating products
We believe that this expansion of capital is expected to open a new cycle of capacity, which will continue to boost the company’s headline business, absorbing effects, and increasing the global market share of corporate automobile glass operations under the expanded signal. At the end of the spectrum: sustained R & D inputs, with higher value-added products rising.
In order to maintain a competitive advantage, companies have been investing more and more, and their R & D investment has grown from 155 million yuan in 2010 to 1,403 million yuan in 2023, and the cagr has reached 18.47%. Companies are investing more in R & D than their intra-industry competitors, and starting in 2014 they are spending more on R & D.
The Division has set up a centre for intellectual innovation, set up a smart network innovation team, quickly developed a closure and made a breakthrough in the core technical areas of car glass, key plastics and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, etc.
The rifid5g glass, the intelligent panorama glass, and so forth provide users with new green intelligence, energy-efficient environmental protection, and comfortable driving experiences. Research and development of innovation and technology leads to a growing value added of corporate glass products.
In the direction of full comfort, energy-efficient, environment-friendly, fashion-friendly, intelligent integration, 2023 intelligent skyglasses, radiable glass, head-up glass, ultra-segregated glass, light-quantifiable ultra-feat glass, plating and heated glass, steeled glass glass, etc., equal to +9.54 pct. With high value-added glass penetration, we have a similar share of high value-added glass.
The value of the car glass industry is estimated to be more than 8% cagr for the period 2020-2025. Fukuyo's car glass sheet is operational on Integrated Orbital Transport Line 1 in the town of Ligang in the second half of the year. The front window of the train's appearance, the Mirror of the Sky, is designed with a hyperbolic window covering approximately 5.2m2, which is the largest orbital traffic in the current size.
Window products, in addition, the side window of the train uses electric colourable glass.
Figure 15: The world's premier landscape-wide mountain travel train is officially offline looking forward to the future, with the Hud (popular meb/New Wall Platform, etc.), the full glass roof (Texra, Peng, etc.), the use of light glass as a representation, and the automobile glass industry is expected to continue to be mentioned in the context of electric intelligenceasp
I. We believe that, with its insulation, sound insulation, entertainment, safety, etc., the radiator glass will give more functionality to the landscape glass. The radiator glass product is comprehensive, supplied to the mainstream, the brand-owned electric smart car. At present, the modulated glass product can be divided into pdlc light glass, the thermal color-changer.

With low fog, automatic transfer of intelligence sensors, insulated UV, etc., and with optical game ec electro-continuing colour technology, it achieves a gradient of color modulus light in polar helium 001, wide gas aionsplus, Biadi seals, etc., Figure 17: Biadi seal with ec +low-e panorama
Investment recommendations: A global champion glass on a high-quality track is recommended on a continuous basis, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. In the context of motor intelligence, industry opportunities revolve around 1) incremental/upgraded parts: 2) autonomous rise production chains.
One third of the surface of the vehicle, surrounding the crew, was upgraded around front-hudization, top-of-the-scenes, and in the medium term, the light glass is expected to permeate to the end of the car's ecological application, which, according to the output carrier (volume of information outside the control screen), has a very large growth space (one-car value from)
With the growth of the Chinese automobile industry for many years, and with great focus and cost-control capabilities, it has grown as the global engine of car glass (a rate of 40 per cent over 23 years), far more profitable than the global competitor.
In 2024, it is expected that the company ' s performance will grow robustly in the context of the upgrading of glass products, lower prices of raw materials, and higher rates of city occupancy. In the medium term, the company ' s increased production in North America, Fukugi and Fertilizer, among others, is expected to open a new cycle of production, and the global market share of corporate automobile glass operations is expected to continue to rise with the signal of expansion.
Il, long-term dimensions, the company as the global engine of car glass, which is expected to increase from 4 square metres to 6 square metres in size, in the light of the general trend of intelligence, the use of car glass is expected to increase from 600 to more than 2,000 dollars in single-square-metre values (film, insulation, wrapping, hud, light modem, 5g communications, etc.).
With a 21-fold value, considering that the company is the leader in the area of car glass, and is expected to benefit fully from the smartness of the car, the authors have assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author