Investment rating: buy-in (first time)
The notice on the exercise of the right to sell was issued, and the hpe entity will sell its Xinhua stock of 39% to Purple International. Earlier, in May 2016, Purple International completed the acquisition of 51% of the Xinhua Triad.
In 2021, for example, Xinhua Xinhua held 31% of the shares, and in that year Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua realized a gain or loss for minority shareholders, accounting for 78% of the profit of the shares in the same year. If future 49% of the shares are purchased, the gains or losses for minority shareholders will be reflected in a net profit return to the mother, which will significantly increase the company’s performance.
Xinhua's operations cover such important areas as network equipment, super-integration, network security, etc., and are vital infrastructure for digital economic development. When the acquisition is completed, the company will be strengthened. Xinhua's operations include: 1) network equipment, such as routers; 2) super-integration; 3) network security.
Products; 4) Servers and storage equipment, etc., to provide clients with one-stop digital solutions for industrial intelligence applications, as well as full life cycle services such as top-level design, software development, system integration and transport management. Therefore, the acquisition will be completed and will contribute to corporate empowerment.
As an important infrastructure for future digital economic development, there is a higher Māori rate and growth than a company’s distribution business. Considering that the current acquisitions have not yet been completed, without taking into account the increased performance of Xinhua San after the completion of the acquisitions, it is expected that
The purchase of 49% of Xinhua ' s three shares was unsuccessful or failed to pass; the business and the industrial chain were completed by a restructuring of the US 1.1 Group, and the company ' s equity structure changed. In July 2022, the company issued an announcement on changes in actual control.
A consortium of seven companies, such as the Purple Group, which is a substantial consolidation of strategic investors, comprising the Beijing Smart Road Asset Management Ltd. and the Beijing Jian Guang Asset Management Ltd. as lead players, and the Smart Way Consortium, which is intended to take over 100% of the post-violet Group ' s shareholdings through its built-up platform, the Twilight Acquisition Platform.
The Purple Light Group has completed the business change registration process, with 100% of its shares registered to a smart core, which is more indirect shareholders in the company. Prior to this change, the Ministry of Education of the People’s Republic of China was the company’s ultimate real control.
After the change in the actual controller, the company changed to an uncontrollable person.
As a leader in the construction of a global new generation of cloud computing infrastructure and industrial intelligent applications, the company provides technologically leading networks, computing, storage, cloud computing, security and smart terminals, all-storeic infrastructure and uniforms 1, network equipment: switchboards, routers, wlan, iot, sdn, 5g small stations, light connection transfer product
Goods, operating systems, smart management and unified transport services, etc.; 2, Servers: shelf servers, blade servers, key business servers, edge servers, etc.; 3, Storage products: enterprise-level smart all-mortality storage, enterprise-level smart mix flash storage, distributed storage, etc.
4. Cloud computing and cloud services: virtualization platforms, cloud operating systems, cloud computing management platforms, super-integrated products, distributed storage systems, cloud desktops, cloud study halls, big data platforms, products and cloud operation services, cloud transportation services, cloud disaster preparedness services, etc.
5. Safety products and services: firewalls, content management, intrusion defense systems, load balance, vpn, cloud security services and situational awareness, among other active security solutions: 6, smart terminals: commercial laptops, commercial desktops, smart screens, etc.
Wisdom application of one-stop digital solutions, as well as life-cycle services such as top-level design, software development, system integration and transport management.
1.3 The historical performance is robust, with a number of areas at the top, and based on statistics on idc, gartner, world-wide information, the market share of products such as company networks, computing, storage, security, cloud computing, etc. is among the top:
In 2019 and 2021, the market share of China's enterprises in net routers was 27.9 per cent, 30.8 per cent and 31.3 per cent, respectively, and continued to be the second largest market share for 13 consecutive years;
From 2019 to 2021, the market share of servers in China was 16.1 per cent, 15.4 per cent, 17.4 per cent, and from 2019 to 2021, the market share of security hardware in China was 9.3 per cent, 9.4 per cent, 9.0 per cent, and the market was 13.0 per cent, 12.8 per cent, respectively, in China in the first half of 2019 and 2021.
13.3%, keeping market share first on a continuous basis; Year in five consecutive years, maintaining market share first in China's cloud management platform market; Historical performance shows that companies have maintained robust growth. Revenue ends have remained about 15% faster.
The main influence factors include cost inputs, loss of impairment of assets, etc..2 Acquisition of 49% of Xinhua ' s remaining shares and enhancement of strength 2.1 Purple shares of Xinhua
From the history of Xinhua San, there were three major periods: in 2003, China, which had a tort dispute with Cisco, established the Chinese 3com Tech Ltd., which mainly produced medium- and low-end switches and routers, to its third competitor.
In 2005-2007, China transferred its shares to 3com in 2% and 49% in 2% and 2% in 2% respectively, out of low-end business considerations. It became a fully-owned 3com subsidiary, renamed H3c. In 2010, 3com was acquired by Hewlett-Packard because of bad business practices.
In 2013, the Snowden incident led to an autonomous and manageable tide, affecting H3c in foreign holdings. In 2014, Hewlett-Packards were split into Hpi and Hpe. Hepe's main camp was for cloud services and servers. In 2016, Purple was the subject of cooperation with Hewlett-Packard China, acquiring 51% of China's tri-communications and making a joint venture with Hewlett-Packard.
In 2023, Xinhua International announced that it would acquire 49% of Xinhua's remaining shares. In the future, Xinhua San will become Xinhua.
2.2 Upon completion of the acquisition, the company ' s current major subsidiaries include Xinhua Sanctuary, Purple Cloud Technology, Purple Digital, Purple Software System, of which Xinhua has the largest share of revenue and profits. In 2021, Xinhua III achieved operating income.
44.35 billion yuan, net profit of 34.34 billion yuan, or 65.6 per cent of the total income of the UV shares; 160 per cent of the net profit of the parent.
Whole-chain products, as an infrastructure for digital economic development, can grow in the future. Figure 6 Xinhuazo’s current business layout will further enhance corporate overall performance growth over the long term.
Figure 8 Xinhua San's historical net profits and growth rates, Figure 7 Xinhua's historical earnings and growth rates, and profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
2.it distribution of products and supply chain services, largely at their current size; 4. A certain proportion of the combined offset remains. 2.it distribution of products and supply chain services, with a roughly 7 per cent Māori ratio.
Corporate cost rates have been stable since the history of the company, with future sales rates, management rates, R & D costs projected 49 per cent of Xinhua ' s stockholdings not successful or approved; business and industry chains are at risk from United States restrictions. Using legitimate compliance information, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.