How can technology enable the media to grow again? – Mango supermedia (300413.sz) event review report.
zhuzhu@cfsc.com.cn has a cumulative total of 1,121 billion broadcasts over 12 days. cto from mangotv indicates that mango super-mega aigc applications, such as the generation of short video content, are in their entirety available.
The start-up of the operation has reduced labour costs by about 50 per cent, mangotv has saved by about one third of passenger traffic costs through the aigc content, advertising can benefit from a person ' s improved transformation, and the member ' s line of business allows a person to help him achieve a higher fee.
By 2023, the two-way platform with the new mainstream media still had the advantage of growing aigc's new content production infrastructure.
Innovating main directions, exploring the combination of aigc technology kiosks and media scenes, building new content production infrastructure in aigc, covering script creation, audio-visual production, new search recommendations, and creating virtual interactive spaces.
Interactive experience, which will continue to explore media product patterns, technology applications and business model innovations for the meta-cosmos, aigc, viewing the end of the ad in 2023, integrating the two-platform advantages, locking in core client budgets; and membership, combining headlines.
(b) Artists and music copyrights are organized around core platforms, accelerating integration into mango culture, and stimulating dynamism in business integration.
At the end of the day, the staff and advertising income are the results, the core of which is the quality of the content, art 1, Mango Supermomentation (300413), mango children.
The program broke down its path, and launched the YP 2023 project, which is a two-way platform for resilience and growth. 2023-- , keeping over 40% of the innovative programming hatched; in the film and video drama, it's on its own.
Teams and strategic studios, to speed up the development of the show itself, and to draw up the highlights of my person 2, Mango SuperMemor (300413), 2022 Fireworks, The Song Youth II, The Stars Shining Times, etc.
Advertisement is down to 2023 high quality content for promising repair. 2023-01-29 — 2023 corporate program content and technology depth co-founding tool attributes.
Quarterly improvements in the depth and breadth of the new technology-enabling content product 2022-Engineer, a 2023 corporate programme called "Acceleration at Work " , mainly with guests from all over the country.
This season's sports competition will move to virtual scenes where participants will record themselves on a 10,000-way jockey with a vr helmet and make them parted, using technology to connect the content of the show to the virtual world.
The techno-enhanced programming process and planning, such as Voiceless: Bo Island Quarterly, have resulted in a cooperative performance between Taiwan, Taiwan, Japan, and Lake Changsha studios. The technology base confidence comes from self-researching products such as:
Launched in March 2023, the Light 5g Intensive Visual Audio Transmission System; online interactive forest evolution products based on Big Detective content; commercial exploration completed; and the forest evolution doctrine completed independence in July 2023.
App online, online, synchronized with custom-based derivatives; Mongotv is expected to be on-line in 2024, interactive on-line on content. Technology from pc to mobile Internet to metacos is continuous to bring media.
Optimization of the way to reach, embrace of the technology, the breadth and depth of the enabling content, i.e., new technologies that bring down the efficiency gains, can also assist in human innovation, and in the medium and long term, the sustainability of the high quality content supply is at the heart of the equation.
The platform is expected to be a "profit engine" of radiation-driven high-quality industrial development, the cultural branding advantage of the mango industry and the ecological sustainability of the two-platform quality content, based on values such as the restoration of mainstream media copyrights by the company's owners in 2023.
Revalued to maintain a “buy-in” investment rating. New business explores less than expected risks, film and video productions fail to examine risks, artists themselves pose potential risks, programmes are not online as expected, talent flows
The new consumer group in the media presented the following: Bachelor of Science, Master of Finance, with experience in business, November 2021, with the China Bond Securities Study.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.