Strongly recommended (maintained) that the content be maintained and that advertising and content production be expected -- the 2022 edition of Mango Supermomentation (300413.sz)
On 22 April, Mango supermedia released its annual report 2022: 13.704 billion yuan in operating income in 2022, a decrease of 10.76 per cent in the same year; the net return to mothers amounted to 1,825 million yuan, a decrease of 13.68 per cent in the same year; the epidemic affected the company’s main business, with better efficiency gains.
In 2022, the company joined forces to develop the mango blending advantage, locking in the main theme of the theme "The content is the king" , and several business connections to achieve the business matrix of the online video industry that is synergizing upstream and downstream.
In 2022, Mangotv’s Internet video business generated $10,418 million, or 73.34%.
When the market space affecting the advertising industry’s enthusiasm and the long video track was constantly squeezed by short videos, we thought that the company had been under pressure for a short period of time, but at the end of the day, in 2022, the advertising business had earned $3.994 billion, a decline of 26.77 per cent in the same year, and in the second half of the year, the advertising revenue.
The company upgrades the joint recruitment system, actively organizes several chambers of commerce, and adverts x electricians x new business styles, mangos, etc.
In 2022, the company raised its membership prices twice, and it was effective at the end of the year. The size of the membership was still 59.16 million, an increase of 17.38 per cent in the same year, and the price of the membership was confirmed on the side.
A framework agreement was signed with the operator to speed up the production of aigc enabling content, with its own content output and operator channels in place, and to hold on to the company ' s growth. In 2022, the new media interactive entertainment content production generated revenues of 1,118 million yuan, or 8.16 per cent.
Multi-occupational patterns such as brokerage, brand representation, interactive play, m-city viewing entertainment, ip derivatives authorization, etc., opening up growth space on the basis of the content of the dependencies, consolidating the resources of entertainment ip, synergizing the use of resources, sharing the two-wheel drive of content copyright operations and the aigc technology re-engineering content production industry, with net profits
Mandarin supplements the commercial closure of content+video+electricizers. In 2022, content dealers now earn 2,136 million yuan, up from 14.05 per cent in 2021 to 15.59 per cent.
Ten thousand. With the normalization of life after the epidemic and a moderate recovery in consumer demand, the young manglers are expected to achieve more business-in-country collaboration, actively complement the “content-plus-video-plus-electrator” with grass-hacking and sustained growth in performance.
Mango super-media, as the leader of the national corporate party, has firmly held on to the theme of cultural assertiveness, and, under the mechanism of bi-television symbiosis, has continued to deepen the cultivation of quality content creation, and has continued to build the “mango product” content brand.
Full recovery. And companies are actively exploring technological and industrial innovations, and aigc continues to enable the media to advertise less than expected; membership growth is less than expected; regulation in the entertainment industry is more regulated; electricity suppliers are not expanding as expected; and new businesses are not operating as expected.