The limousine basics are robust, actively exploring the aigc and veneer of mango super-magnets (300413).
The advertising business continues to be under pressure, with members and operators operating well. In terms of core business, the Mangotv Internet video business (advertisement + membership + operator business) has fallen slightly, resulting in an operating income of $10,418 million (Yoy-7.49%).
Narrow, the company is currently actively exploring new joint recruitment mechanisms to upgrade from single platform content marketing to a two-platform, multi-circle, full-link stereo marketing system, which is expected to recover in 23 years with the accelerated pace of amphibious arts, drama production, business engagement; 2) membership: company meetings targeted at priority pops
Customization of the mastery development, combined with joint mobile roll-out of Mangoca, promotion of alliances, enhanced access to and renewal of channels, increased effective membership to 59.16 million, achieved a national roll-out of large screen operations, increased in-depth collaboration in areas such as content innovation, and generated 2,509 million revenues
The performance ring has improved, and attention has been paid to the quality of the arts and creativity in the second half of the year.
On the other hand, the company has 24 production teams with more than 77 philosophies in 2022, and according to cloud data, Chon-Yung has been able to develop with a high-quality reserve layout platform.
4 "Scope 2" was selected for 2022 to effectively play Top 10, which was an innovative mix "Sung-in-law Hong Kong season" and a "Little-and-Friends" derivative "Happiness Re-departure" to achieve slogans and a double harvest of heat; 2) in the series, the company has 25 film and video production teams and 34 "New"
The strategic studio of the Mang Plan, with 163 launches in both the video and the miniatur. The monsoon theatre has been strengthened in order to maintain its social reality style, and nine series have been launched: "Ssummer of Zhang Wei", "A Year without Work, Disappeared Children" and so forth.
Xia Qingqing, who has gained a high degree of market interest, has been developing rapidly, focusing on building aigc's new content production infrastructure.
s02705050001 By maintaining the position of the New Tide National Content Consumers Platform, and by strengthening the Mango eco-circle as a whole, Hong Kong Lee
In the context of the development of the new business style, the company will focus on aigc and virtual combinations as the main thrusts of technological innovation in its products, on the one hand.
Focus on building aigc ' s new content production infrastructure, covering script creation, audio and video content production, new search recommendation, etc.; and, on the other hand, on creating virtual interactive spaces that can provide an innovative channel for the arts, taking into account the content production needs of the focus ip in the areas of virtual people, virtual interaction, virtual space, etc.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Adjustment of profit prognosis risk factors based on company performance reporting and business layout: policy regulatory uncertainties, slow growth of membership, underperformance of content, new business expansion less than expected, brain drain, etc.