Aigc enabling creation, fine content or driving company performance to continue to grow. Mango supermix (300413.sz) 16/05/05/2023
According to the 21st century economic report, the first edition of Wind 2023 created a new high flow of ip in Mangotv Station. We believe that as consumption recovers after the epidemic and the company’s content of a large amount of fine products is on the line, the company’s output is rising.
Corporate advertising is expected to be restored, members, operators, etc., are expected to continue to grow, driving the company’s performance to grow. Based on the company’s content performance expectations, we maintain a profit forecast for 2023-2025, with the company’s content-driven performance expected to continue to grow, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
• The content production team is strong, with a lot of fine content on the line, and the company adheres to the Mango innovation concept of “do not innovate or die” to drive endogenous growth through content innovation. As of 2022, Mangotv had 24 polytechnic production teams, 25 video production teams, 34 new ones.
In 2023, the company's comprehensive arts will be on the line, including the 2023 Young People's Plan, the 2023 Masters Plan, the 2023 Bang-a-Dang, the 5th Big Bang, and in the series, the company will continue to launch my People's Fireworks, the Rivers.
In Japan’s “Springs of Young People, the Songs of Young People,” “Teams of Love” – “The Time of the Stars.” We believe that, with the 2023-05 long video platform’s improved pattern of competition and a recovery in consumption following the epidemic, the quality of content is becoming more and more critical to the platform’s competition, with the company’s top-down content expected to drive sustained performance growth.
With the rise and application of aigc technology, companies actively explore aigc technology enabling content production. On the operational side, with the help of aigc technology, companies can rely on their technical teams to produce large amounts of short video and other promotional content.
Advertisement has been restored, refined content has been online, and video content has been efficiently edited, thus reducing the need for outsourcing and the costs of advertising.
Brand-based advertising can be automatically embedded in content through ai-technology and can improve the benefits of advertising conversion through an i-technology optimized advertising announcement 2023.4.30. By improving the efficiency of content recommendations, it is expected to increase the membership fee rate.
The advertising industry is still under pressure, with a focus on follow-up, and we believe that a combination of company aigc technologies and content not only achieves efficiency gains, but also provides the performance elasticity that is brought about by a high level of flexibility - company information updates.
The rich and innovative content experience, which brings new pay-for-growth points, enhances the commercial value of the fine content.