The Mango Supermix (300413) is an innovative member, and the advertising business is expected to continue to repair.
In 2022, short-term performance pressure and a return to positive growth at the profit end of 23q1, 22.94 per cent, mainly due to macroeconomic and epidemiological effects, continued pressure on advertising operations. 23q1, actually on the line, a sustained recovery in advertising calls led to positive growth in profits.
• Newly high membership, magnified advantage in the area of layout aigc. By branch, the advertising industry achieved $3.994 billion in 2022, a decline of 26.77 per cent in the same year, a smaller decline than in the first half of the year, an upgraded joint Mangotv recruitment mechanism, and the integration of two platform resources to provide the full range of resources
Links marketing, multiple key client collaborations, have grown in reverse. Memberships have reached a new high of 59.16 million members at the end of 2022, with members earning $3.915 billion in business income throughout the year, with a similar level of growth, relying on strategic collaboration with the three major operators to deepen the national layout of the big screen and improve its content.
Intra-provincial operations, piloting a uniform billing model for Mango television members, steadily increasing value added: Basic surfaces and valuations warm, waiting for recovery 2022.12.27.
The young Mandarin electrician insists on a new-tidal country's content-maker platform, strengthening the connection with the mango conglomerate, creating a core vertical product, with the first positive results. Gmv is seven times the year of 21 years.
In terms of technological upgrading, the company will focus on building new aigc content: a steady growth in membership, the impact of advertising on industry q3 production infrastructure, and creating virtual interactive spaces in conjunction with high-quality mastery of reserves, etc.
Performance 2022.10.25. New content interaction experience. We believe that companies have the advantage of producing core quality content, and advertising is expected to follow the economy.
The report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional integrity and professional competence.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.