Performance ratings 2022 and 2023q1: Industry Recovery, Advertisement, 24/04/2023
As the macro-environment stabilizes, the mango super-mago growth is expected to be restored. 2023q1 achieved 30.56  in the operation of the new media platform: advertising is still under pressure and members and operators have grown steadily. The advertising market as a whole dropped by 11.8% in 2022, with cinema video advertising spending.
As the production and broadcasting rhythm resumes, mangotv advertisers, etc., are expected to be repaired gradually.
At the end of 2022, Mangotv paid 59.16 million people (youy+17.38%).
Thanks to the company's efforts in content operations, marketing activities, and expanding channels, the business is also covered by the Mango Big TV membership billing model, Hunaniptv's Happy Look, Mango Supermix (300413), 2022 III.
Quarterly reviews: the industry's against-the-shelf advertising industry, and members' and operators' businesses remain stable.
The first round of financing has been completed, focusing on "Content + Mango Supermomentation (300413): mid-2022.
Video+Electrator's business closed-door strategy: first, self-employment through ip reaching the target client.
The external environment is expected to improve on a seasonal basis.
At the moment, the mini-man-to-man trader has developed several lines of apparel, food, makeup, stars around, tidal games, pets, camping, etc., which will be followed up by the development of content scenes, leading young users to a national consumption trend; and happy purchases will be focused.
The gross profit is $214 million, with a Māori rate of 19.15% (yoy+2.07 ptt). According to the interface news, Mangotv will be on the line this year for my People's Fireworks.
In addition, the Mango SuperMechanism has introduced aigc into the production of scripts, audio and video content, new search recommendations, etc.
Connecting with the meta-cosmos, promoting the focus p in virtuals, virtual interactions, virtual spaces for profit predictions and investment ratings: given the convergence of the costs of the 2023 series and business expansion, we believe that the pace of subsequent performance growth is expected to be repaired and the “buy-in” rating maintained.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), there is an investment advisory committee on securities.