Event Review: The Video Industry Warming, Technology Empowerment, 18/05/2023.
Keywords: #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients Events: May 5th, Corporate Homemade Art 2023, which created a new high flow of ip in Mango tv station after the first broadcast, with a total of 1,643 web-based heat searches, generated by aigc technology
The new technology is actively embraced, and content production is more efficient. Mango super-media has been exploring aigc, virtual reality, action capture, interactive entertainment, content-playing technological innovations, etc.
In the field, the company ' s technical team has also continued to grow to nearly 1,000 people over the past three years and is in the process of permeating into the upper stages of internal production. 1) aigc technology: Mango super-magnetized aigc technology, which not only allows the programme to be automatically edited
A short video for the natural segment can generate a collection of selected artists based on user interest, or an audio play based on the original text, help with the preparation of the script. The company ctolu Haibo states that the aigc automatic editing technology was put into use three years ago and is now well developed.
Illustrated, with little or no human input, a fully automated video of up to 10,000 videos per day, and a reduction of about one third in traffic passenger costs and a 50 per cent reduction in operating promotional manpower costs. 2) Virtual reality technology: companies try to use virtual digitalists, virtual interactions, virtual photography, etc.
In May-July this year, emphasis will be placed on supporting the virtual production of multiple programmes, such as the application of the Ledxr virtual photography technology to the silent Bo Island season, the application of the virtual space and digital dichotomy technology to the full-time acceleration, and the use of vr and digital discipline.
Video shoots, etc. The company also plans to launch in June of this year a virtual space product based on "Acceleration for All " , which allows users to challenge the level of the program and rank with the artist. 3) Interactive entertainment technology: To further expand the content value, Mangotv will be on line 2024.
Large-scale content online interactive platforms that allow users to experience mangotv home-made programming online. The online interactive product of Big Detectives, Forest Evolution, is dedicated to creating a "line up-and-under-line" integration model that allows users to view the art online and feel the same game on-line.
The Forest Evolutionary Independence app will be launched in July this year and will be realized through online events and production, with a target harvest of more than 10 million in 2023.
▪ Immediate performance and progressive expansion of the film business. 2023q1 performance rating: recovery of the industry, public announcement of the prospect of gradual rehabilitation of the business
1) The number of amphibious performances doubled by the same amount. According to cloud-based data, 2023q1 mangotv effectively played 1.9 billion times (yoy+114%) and 1.5 billion times (yoy+136%) on a seasonal basis, while the industry as a whole increased by +3% and -3%, respectively, with mangotv performing.
Mango Supermedia (300413): Quarterly Review 2022: Industry Reverses and Advertisements 2)
There are nine TV spots in 2023q1 that effectively broadcast Top20, of which Mango tv accounts for eight, and in 2023q1 that effectively broadcast Top20, 17 are exclusive.
This year, the company’s head ips are on the line, for example, the Young People’s Plan 2023.
The company is also expanding its film and video business, in addition to the amphibious arts. There are currently 25 film and production teams.
In March, social retail sales of consumer goods totalled $37,85.5 billion (youy+10.6 per cent). Of this, sales of consumer goods, other than automobiles, totalled $33,59.1 billion.
Big advertising. The whole video market is competing rationally, for example, with the content of Aichi culture, whose cost fell from $21.1 billion in 2018 to $16.5 billion in 2022.
Accommodative production advantages open up income growth space and build on technology such as aigc, virtual reality, interactive entertainment to further magnify and scale its content production capacity to achieve business efficiency, data and three financial forecasts of mango excess media
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board