23q1 net return profits positive growth, 23 years of rich content reserves and strong business engagement – core business side: core business resilient, member and operator business robustly growing 2022, company core business Mangotv Internet video generated $10,418 million
Mangotv Internet video business includes advertising business, membership business, operator business, company prices compared to the constant-sung index.
The demand for advertising by advertisers has been affected by the epidemic, but the decline in corporate advertising revenue has been narrower than in the first half of the year (31.2 per cent, or $2.16 billion, in the 22h1 advertising revenue year-on-year). In a low ad industry climate, companies have upgraded the joint recruitment mechanism from single platform content marketing to double parity.
New forms of advertising: 22h2 new non-fiction advertising brands, 32 new non-fibre advertising brands, increased collection of non-fibres: The Acoustic Doomson Season, which was launched on March 16, continued the Hong Kong Music season.
In 2023, it was expected that the announcement will return, that the company will consolidate its two-platform advantages and upgrade its joint recruitment mechanism, and that it will lock in the budget of its clients, and that the return to advertising in 23 years is growing with greater certainty.
On the other hand, the company has continued to deepen the penetration rate of large screen operations, based on strategic cooperation with the three major operators; on the other hand, it has piloted a uniform billing model for “Mango television members” in Hunan Province. Industry depth: aigc research framework and investment
3) Business income for 22 years is $3.915 billion (yoy+6.15%), member regulations Industry depth: 23 years of game investment focus
Renovation is high, with an effective membership of 59.16 million by the end of 2022. 23 years, with a high quality interior management: ai technology-driven “good game” sinking, with supply, around head ips, full-scale marketing, custom content, differential membership policy
China’s mobile “Mangoca” and the integration of members of the Wang Man have been created to enhance the coverage and evaluation of the performance of the channels, the ability to earn more than expected, and the new local content and value borders.
New business: new business development for electricity suppliers, positive deployment of aigc applications Company review: tether control (0700.hk): 1) Small Mandarin trader: power vendor platform for new state content, deep integration of small Mandarin traders
2204 Advertisement revenue is exceeding expectations, overseas travel company rating: Fast Hand-w (1024.hk): 22 years, Monk Broker completed the first round of financing, gmv was seven times as high as 2021 and dau peaked
q4, adjusted to the parent’s profits, is expected to exceed 2.06 million in the country’s economy.
Corporate Review: Micro-Alliance Group (2013.hk): 2) aigc: 2023, the company will actively explore aigc ' s engagement with the media business.
Together, on the one hand, the site scene includes script creation, audio and video content production, new search recommendations, company comment: Chinese online (300364.s, etc.): on the other hand, the company will have content in the areas of virtuals, virtual interactions, virtual spaces, etc.
z): Aigc catalysts the growth of the company, literature and sea travel production needs combined with focus p to achieve new interactive experiences of content, such as classic content scenarios, online research by users, confluence interaction, etc.
• At the end of the year, Mangotv had 24 polytechnic production teams, 25 video production teams, 34 New Mangang strategic studios and built an intelligent middle-stage matrix, enabling it.
1) Multi-purpose: 22-year-old Mango tv, 77 different types of poly-magnetism, of which the third season of the wind, the seventh season of the Big Detective, the fourth season of the Secret Room's escape, and the last of its kind.
The 4th season of the 2nd season, the 2nd season, the 2022 Web-based Leisure, which effectively played Top10, and the 3rd season of the Windstorm, which further strengthened the company's leading role in the field of the polycrystry, gave a 9.6-point rating to continue with Happy Reparture.
The second quarter of the day was also marked by 9.5 points. 2) Video drama: 22 years of Mango tv on the line, 163 feature movies, "Master Planner" mini-scenes, among them "The Song of Tsang Mountain", "The Bottom Line", "Long River under Heaven" and "Twenty Nots".
4 TV dramas were selected for the National Radio and Television Directorate's “Selection of 2022 Chinese TV dramas”. 3) Follow-up information: XiXian, the company plans to go on line with the “Youth Plan” (to be launched on 4.27, with the sole name and partner, Wally, currently identified.
), season 7 of the yearning for life (on line 4.28, with the sole name of Trendsou), Chinese wedding 2 (on line 4.30, with eight brand names, such as Aquido Wine and others) 23q1 having achieved a net profit of +7.39 per cent, initial warmth of performance, and subsequent enrichment
The core business of membership, advertising, etc., is expected to grow. We adjust 23-25 years of advertising to a less than anticipated risk; the risk of loss of users due to member price increases; and the risk of policy oversight: the new art, the lack of timeliness or quality of the new show, etc.
Internet companies, financial and industrial complexes, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives. The 2015 Crystalball 3rd and 2017 new laws use legally compliant information to produce the report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report come from open information on the market. I do not have any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change anything.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.