Quarterly review: good cost control, two or three quarters
A series of high-quality content projects were launched in Mango: the company published a quarterly report in 2023, which generated an operating income of 3,056 million yuan, a decrease of 2.16 per cent over the same period;
The company is the first state-owned new media company in the stock market that features the integration of development, masters the entire chain of all channels and content, and the Hunan Broadcasting Group.
The company has a uniform mix (HUN) under the umbrella of the company, Radio and Television Hunan, with a small fall in revenue during the quarter, and cost and bad debt losses are well regulated. (1) 2023q1, the company achieves a business and capital operating platform.
Mangotv's Internet video business, new media interactive entertainment have fallen by 2.58 percentage points in comparison: the decline in revenue collection and the decline in the Māori rate is due mainly to relatively stable content costs, content-making and content-supplier business.
It is determined that Internet advertising revenue is still under pressure: (2) in the first quarter, corporate costs are well regulated, and the overall rate is reduced by 5.36 percentage points. Of this amount, sales cost is $359 million, sales rate 11.75 per cent, compared to the corresponding decrease, content production inputs are increased, and a series of quality content plans are online in the second and third quarters.
The Mango Innovative Concept, which continues to strengthen core content competitiveness through innovations in systems, management, operations, and technology. In 2023, companies continued to increase their content production inputs, which are expected to grow by about 20% over the same period. The incremental inputs were mainly for content innovation, drama, membership, etc.
The pace of art and drama is normal, and there is a wealth of high-quality content.
On the other hand, in 2023, the company focused on building aigc's new content production infrastructure, covering script creation and sound.
The Department and the creative team have made a number of attempts, such as the multi-field real-time use of the "Island of Sound Lives" season.
High clearance links, more new technologies are used in the Wind 2023 Youth Plan, and multi-channel " Full-time and medium-speed 2023 " uses meta-cosm-related technological innovations. Investment advice: Corporate content ownership is strong and capable of continuously producing quality content with both
Further integration of Platform resources is expected to optimize the entire business chain. Corporate performance in 2023 is expected to fall short of expectations: (4) progress in the production of epidemic impact content.
The Mango Supermix (300413.sz) reported in the first quarter of 2023: cost control is good, a series of high-quality content plans are online in the second and third quarters, and click here to enter text.
The East is a source of financial and intellectual growth, networking boards, working with companies of excellence, are committed to leading the market in terms of investment opportunities in the industry. Closely tracking industrial trends, focusing on communications, covering community socialization, Internet, short videos, long videos, live broadcasts, music and audio books, and tracking the Internet for life with the United States.
The trend is to track the development of domestic and cross-border power suppliers with Alibaba, Dodo, and Kyouta at the core. The researcher’s own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Timor's top-notch portfolio report, Mango Supermix (300413.sz) in the first quarter of 2023: good cost control, a series of high-quality content plans online in the second and third quarters.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.