An event review report by Mango SuperMemorial (300413.sz).
Zhuzhu@cfsc.com.cn Division operating income of $13.704 billion (a 10.76 per cent decrease in the same year) and operating costs of 27 per cent of the double-advertisement revenue of 2022 members and operators
The new two-platform "Mango play" and "m-club" (Mango Welfare) are members who play games to increase members' stickyness and renewal rates.
Each video does not focus on the pursuit of membership, the relative abstinence of fees, subsidies, and the gradual shift towards quality and monetization, and we expect that the membership strategy of the mango will stabilize and thus the income of the member will be relatively stable.
1 Mango Supermomentation (300413), 2022 Main Collection, 2nd Ads, 2022 Ads, $3.994 billion (simultaneous decline).
Adding the epidemic to the downside of the advertising industry; looking ahead to 2023, mainstream price 2, Mango Supermomentation (300413), advertising industry value-oriented content is effectively balanced with user-specific content, and the digital economy is healthy.
Quarterly Improvement of Access to Quality Content Supply 2022 - Development of a new engine, and accelerated implementation of the “Rural Renewal” strategy offers new growth opportunities for the Internet advertising market.
3. Mango Supermix (300413), 2022: Integration of employees with operators ' interests and channels, creation of intelligent family audio-visual entertainment scenes, 2nd quarter of the year with significant improvement
In 2022, Mangotv operators earned 2.5 billion yuan in business income (a year-on-year increase in the supply of quality content). External factors influence content, financial resilience is highlighted in advertising.
Non-profits of $520 million (a 9.55 per cent increase over the same period) and quarterly warming. The advantage of repairing the two-way platform with the new mainstream media in 2023 remains the development of aigc new content production infrastructure.
In 2023, the company is expected to use the aigc to interact with fiction as a product technology, to explore the combination of aigc technology kiosks and media scenes, to build new content production infrastructure in aigc, to cover script creation, audio and video.
An interactive experience that will continue to explore media product patterns, technology applications and business model innovations for meta-cosmos, aigc, advertising end in 2023, combining two platforms for excellence.
(a) Powerful resources, targeting core client budgets; members, combining headlines with full-scale marketing, big screens, and securing the scale of strategic partner business collaboration;
On the whole, members and advertising income are the expression of results, with a focus on quality content provision, and comprehensive art.
The programme was cut off from its path by launching projects such as the Youth Plan 2023, which kept more than 40 per cent of the innovative programmes hatched; in the film and video theatre, it was based on a video of its own teams and strategic studios, and accelerated the development of its own production, drawing on " My People " .
In 2023, it is expected to be restored, with high-quality industrial development driven by the radiation of the “profit engine” – Mango.
The cultural brand advantage of the industry and the ecological sustainability of the high-quality content of the two platforms, based on the revalued value of the company’s owner’s 2023 potential for restoration of mainstream media copyrights, maintain a “buy-in” investment rating.
The new business explores less risks than expected, the film production does not examine risks, the artist's own factors present potential risks, the programme's offline risks, the brain drain risks, the risk of macroeconomic fluctuations.
The new consumer group of the media introduced the following: Bachelor of Science, Master of Finance, with experience in the field of business, the Association of Chinese Securities Research Institutes in November 2021, covering, inter alia, Internet sections of media games.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.