• Simultaneous approval of pharmaceutical products to validate the company's R & D capabilities, the production of raw drugs to achieve full production and growth in its performance
Promulgate: The company's product, the right metomic acid injection fluid and the thorium for thorium thorium injection, has increased by 11% over the same period. The right metomic is set to enter the National Health Care Directory, version 2017, and we anticipate that the price will be below or equal to the winning price of the Enghua pharmaceutical product, and the company will be able to obtain a lower price.
2) The market for osteoporosis is growing steadily as the population of the country is ageing and the effects of rising consumption are increasing. The main producers of thorium for thorium injections are Novartis and the sun, and the remaining producers are more than 10.
The winning price of the Collon Pharmacy will be lower than the right price, and the market will be seized through low prices. The approval of the two products will increase the company’s performance, while confirming the strength of the Collon Pharmaceuticals research and development.
The fluids are stable, the raw materials are almost fully produced, and the company’s performance is growing: the fluid plate has increased significantly in terms of industrial concentration with the clean-up of small plants in recent years. In 2017, it generated $7.6 billion, a 27 per cent increase. We believe that, with the stability of the industry and the restructuring of the product structure of Collon,
Choonning's raw materials were successfully fully produced, and with the release of capacity and the pressure of other competitors to keep it alive, we expect to make $550-70 million in profits for the company in 2018, and cash flows for the company's new medicines.
The net profits attributable to the parent company were 1.140 billion yuan, 1.49 billion yuan and 2.07 billion yuan, an increase of 51.8 per cent over the same period.
The profits from the profits of the drug stock, which can be marketed as quickly as possible. We believe that long-term companies still have better capacity to release, and that corporate development is steady.
Longitude, so we maintain an “uptake” rating.
Risks, environmental risks, exchange rate risks, and price reduction risks.
On 4 June, the Collon Pharmaceuticals industry issued an announcement that the company's product, right metomic acid, was injected with liquid and thorium from thorium to thorium.
In our view, similar pharmaceutical products are successively approved, and the company’s research and development capabilities are proven: fluids are stable, raw materials are almost fully produced, and the company’s performance increases.
The product was first developed by the Finnish pharmaceutical company orion and listed in 1999 in the United States, the only sterilizer to wake up. In 2009, the Heung Swe pharmaceutical industry was first listed in the country.
A better rate of growth has been maintained, with a similar 11 per cent increase in sales in the first quarter of 2018 from data from sample hospitals in priority cities. Right Metomi is expected to enter the 2017 edition of the National Health Care Directory, which is expected to accelerate overall market growth, and the products sold in the country are currently mainly Hsi, Sichuan, Shihua and Tahin medicine.
In the first quarter of the year, the city had the highest rate of Heung Swe medicine, 83 per cent, and the Enghua pharmaceutical industry was ranked second at 10 per cent.
Because prices are relatively low, companies can take advantage of the market at lower prices. We believe that the right US market is wide, and as the winning bid is completed and the product is phased in, it must pull down the industry.
Americium phosphate injectors are readily available to patients, and the product can be released with an excellent amount of time.
On the market, with more than 10 years of clinical application experience. Compared to the first or second generation of diphosphate, the product has a stronger surface binding and inhibition of bone absorption, with a single dose of a single dose that achieves stronger and more sustained therapeutic effects, increases bone density, reduces the risk of initial and re-emission fractures in various parts, and provides comprehensive bone protection for patients with osteoporosis:
There is a slight decline in the annual supply of medicines, their ease of use, and the patient ' s dependence. We believe that, with the effects of the increase in population ageing and the increase in consumption, the osteoporosis drug market will grow steadily.
The main producers of the existing product are Novartis, with the cities of 2018q1 accounting for 59 per cent and 26 per cent, respectively. The remaining producers of the product are more than 10. We believe that the winning price for the collen drug industry will be lower than the price of the product.
The future performance of the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry has been assured with successive approvals of products. 3. The fluid plate is stable, the raw materials are largely fully operational, and the company’s short-term performance has been guaranteed.
We believe that, with the stability of the industry and the restructuring of Karen's products, in April 2018, the company's raw materials were successfully fully produced and, with the release of capacity and other competitors under stress from the environment, we expect to contribute $550-7 million to the company's profits in 2018.
The company's new drug research and development is a cash flow. It's looking at a lot of products for the company, and it's going to have a lot to do. The company's focus is now on the creation of a sales team, and the new product can be marketed as quickly as possible, making a profit. We think long-term companies are still better growing, so we're making a difference.
Increased risk of factor cost escalation, loss of profits due to increased depreciation of fixed assets, environmental risk, exchange rate risk, drug price reduction risk.