3-quarterly review 2021: maintenance of Internet video operations 28 October 2021 Extreme situation, business architecture adjustments contributing to long-term operational synergies
q3 The slowdown in revenue is mainly due to structural adjustments in non-Internet video business. The company q3 Internet video business and non-Internet video business generated revenue of $2.884 million and $894 million, respectively, in Mango Film and Culture Ltd., Hunan Mango Entertainment Ltd., and Mango Recreation Technology in Shanghai.
The three subsidiaries of the company, which have been restructured as subsidiaries of the main platform, Mangotv, have focused on monsoon theatres, self-production, artistic innovation and landscape entertainment, and are currently in the process of business integration and transition, with the main business indicators falling in comparison with the previous year.
Mangotv’s documentary studio was set up at the beginning of the year to launch such wonderful works as Party Daughters, The Year of Sculpture, The Light Man, and in the field of philanthropy, companies continue to innovate on the basis of maintaining Cycling N’s leading position.
The film was a breakthrough, with the innovative launch of the first mango monsoon in the country’s network, and has been on the line for a number of pieces, such as Wolves, I'm fine in my hometown, and 12 seconds.
• Watching the growth of the company's mini-man-man-man-man business and enjoying track dividends, such as viewing and entertainment. On the content-maker side, the Division's television shopping business has implemented an overall strategy to transform the focus from a big screen to a more integrated traditional business that is represented by television screens and outside calls, to re-establish the supply chain of mobile screen users and
Ming upgrades the new national content company platform under the Hunan wide power flag, focusing on a more youth-friendly brand, lifestyle, and current expression.
The net interest rate for q3 companies is 14.00%, the Maori rate is 40.81%, and it is stable. Management costs continue the trend of the first half of the year, with a decrease of 33.43% in the same year, and management costs fall in the same year.
• Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating: considering the impact of company short-term business adjustments and coupling on profitability, I am performing in line with market expectations, with quality content 30/24/21 times the pe. But we still look forward to keeping the company in the field of philanthropy ahead of the N generation.
The power of the platform's ecology is still strong, and the ability to continue to innovate on the basis of its status and future power in the drama class, while keeping in mind the power of the mini-mance, 2021-04-26.
Businesses and enjoyment of track dividends, such as viewing entertainment, maintain a “buy-in” rating.