Investment rating: increase (maintenance) net profit of $1,972 million, an increase of 35.91 per cent over the same period. 2021q3, a single-quarter corporate income
In the first three quarters of 2021, the main business grew steadily, with 2022 hits in content creation. In the first three quarters, the company’s core main platform, Mangotv Internet video, continued to grow steadily, achieving business income, and company prices compared to 300 deep trends.
In 2022, the Mango monsoon was on its way to the theater of "Wolf Hunters, I'm fine in my hometown, 12 seconds, and so on.
In addition to the return of all the classics, the original production team for Singer and Hong Kong tvb will work together across the stage to create a new song-singer called "Song Lives." The net profit rate is higher than the full year, and the organizational restructuring is beginning to work.
In order to promote internal synergies, the company optimized its organizational structure by placing Mango Visual Culture Ltd., Hunan Mango Entertainment Co. Ltd., up from 38.75% for Māori, an increase of 1.95% for the same year.
Three subsidiaries of Sea Mango Recreation Technology Ltd. have been restructured as subsidiaries of Mangotv, the main platform, to focus on monsoon theatre home-made, polytechnic innovation and landscape entertainment, business integration strategy.
To build the content pyramid link "Construction of content - kol ' s creation - ip content professional output." As of the National Day, Man has accumulated more than 24 million users, closely linked to Hunan Watch, Mangotv, and on 6 October, the national branding festival " Le Mang's Flower Night" was broadcast at nearly 100 million, 15-34.
The number of young people in the age group covers more than 25 per cent, the wind surges and the direction of quality content output remains constant.
On the evening of Saturday, 9th, the Golden Camp of Joy announced that it would be closed for reprinting; with more than 5 per cent of the shares, the East Ali created the Share Purchase Agreement with the Fukuoka and Ali created the Share Purchase Agreement, with 2.221q1 over-expected for the clearance transfer.
Under the fundamentals, companies, as party agents, are able to resist industrial chaos with real action, pursue high-performance expectations, remain sustainable in terms of quality and remain relatively robust in the long term.
Industry regulation is more stringent than expected; competition in the industry is increasing; the programme is less on-line than expected; the announcement is less than expected; users are growing less than expected; and the media is marketed with content strategies and investment experience.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.