• On 27 October, the company issued a performance report for the third quarter of 2021, the first three quarters of which were achieved
Realization of net profit from non-repatriation of 1.972 billion yuan (yoy+35.91 per cent); net cash flow from operating activities of 325 million yuan (yoy-9.94 per cent); q3 revenue of 3,778 million yuan (oy+2.19 per cent) per quarter; sustained construction of populist comprehensives, with significant performance in theatre operations.
The market adheres to the concept of "the content is the king" and constantly exports quality content, creates good slogans, and stands out in its profession. The Bro with the thorns continues the trend of "Sisters with the Wind" with a cumulative amount of $5.36 billion to recreate the "American culture" in a "nostalgia" and a "nostalgia" in order to recreate it.
The moral value of the fluorescent-screened polytheistic show; the monsoon-city play, "I'm fine in other parts of the country" , with its blackness, highlights the re-enhancement of the summer-bust series into the hearts of the audience. Under the monotheistic, double-tubed, effective promotion of the entire platform and advertising income has been steadily increasing.
In the next year, Cyclops are expected to continue to dominate, and the new track reserves will be fully aligned. In 2022, the company will continue to create the Cyclops, the innovation will continue to flow, and the new growth points will continue to develop when the content breaks down.
Bros with thorns 2, Sisters on the Wave 3, Big Detectives, 7th Quarter, Secret Room Breaking Four, etc.; Innovative track break-in, Missing, _aaa_Mango Supermax (300413)
Music, the country's currents, and the five tracks are going to go together, and Hong Kong's "Sonic Lives" and the series's "The Thrust begins" are going to be fully integrated. With regard to the episode, the monsoon theatre will continue to break down, from the annual Win _aaa_Mango Supermac (300413.sz) report.
To improve the internal structure of the organization, promote internal synergies and enhance the core competitiveness of the main platform.
The current business integration strategy, which strengthens the development platform Mangotv, has restructured three subsidiaries under the umbrella of the platform, focusing on monsoon theatre homemaking, innovation and landscapes, respectively.
The media trend has been accompanied by a steady deployment of iptv, which has taken over the large market of the family screens and achieved the goal of Qingxia s0270520050001
Risk factors: Risks of policy and regulatory uncertainty, slow growth of membership, underperformance of content, under-exploitation of new business, brain drain, etc.