A report by Mango Supermix (300413), a steady growth in the core industry, a wealth of stocks in 2022, and a report by the 3-quarter review of Mango Supermix in 2021.
In the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved 11,631 million yuan, an increase of 22.81 per cent over the previous quarter, of which the nuclear industry, Mangotv Internet video, grew steadily, with $8,782 million in revenue.
33.24 per cent, while the integration of other operations into the transition period resulted in a certain drag on the overall harvest; a net profit of $1.98 billion, an increase of 22.84 per cent over the same period; and a non-net profit of $1.972 billion, a strong increase over the same three-quarter period.
In the second half of Mangotv's life, according to questmobile, Mangotv's daily life and the moon, the number of users has increased significantly since July, reaching 0.47 million and 252 million in August, respectively, exceeding the number of cool.
The Mango tvq3 full screen show was effectively aired by 3 per cent more than the previous year, compared to 20 per cent, 12 per cent, and 17 per cent, respectively.
In October 2021, Mango released a series of 2022 films, including: (i) The Polygamy, which includes music competitions, Ali's initiative to transfer shares, three-quarterly performance.
In the six programmes entitled "My sister's department" and "His reasoning" and "Sense" and "Impressive observation" will continue to consolidate the advantages, in addition to the innovation of fission, it will be pushed out of Hong Kong to sing a song about the competition, "Song Lives" and the country's first series, "The Start of Insense."
" Study of Mango Supermomentation (300413) 2021 " , " Job- and Emotion-Multi-Multi-Purpose " , " Full-time Dad " , " Unnamed Hero " , " Presenting: High Growth in Advertising, Aggregation " .
Innovative programmes such as " Rich Women " . (2) The head show, " Food and Food " , " Wind and Wind " , etc., is ready. The monsoon theatre has a stock of 16 short plays like " Sleeping Gardens " , " Rivers and Dawn " , which spans a variety of items such as comedy, science fiction, forensics, emotions, etc., and continues to help mango users break the circle.
In the second half of the year, the company's dynamism became apparent, platform flows continued to rise, and future content stocks were abundant.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.