Launching a new round of equity incentives to meet the new starting point for capital market reform \triangleright
300 million yuan. The company maintains a steady growth of revenue at the end of the business, and its performance is largely in line with expectations. \triangleright plan, which covers 272 senior directors and cadres, representing a total share of the total share. \triangleright plan, which covers the year 2022-2024.
A step-by-step increase in corporate staff cohesion and team stability, as well as the mobilization of management teams and core cadres. Fair value change returns have declined significantly over the same period; on the other hand, for the second year in a row, there has been a significant expansion of staff and research assistant Ding-tian.
The scale of the work, leading to some pressure on the cost side, showed that the cost of personnel increased by about 25.4% in the first half of 2022, compared to the rate of increase, far below the speed of the increase in the number of people, showing excellent management and cost-control capabilities of the company’s management. The first half of the year, due to outbreaks in Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, etc., affected the rate of income growth, while at the same time the number of people.
This payment is more rigid, resulting in a short-term mismatch between the company ' s income and its costs, and short-term pressure on profits. With the epidemic under control, the company ' s business is going to go well, and revenue growth is expected to return to normal; in the second half of the year ahead, the expansion of people ' s control and efficiency gains are expected to begin in the second half of the year, with the base turning point to the second half of the year ' s profit elasticity.
1. Performance forecast in Permanent Electronics (600570/sh) 2022: Highlights of resilience to growth in the impact of the epidemic, basic turning points are expected to arrive - 2022/07/18
The era of capital market reform is about to start, and industry beta is about to start.
Referring to the fact that the Chairman of the CVM has been able to write many times about the full registration system, saying that the full roll-out of the registration system, the new era of the reform of the capital-market system, which has become “essentially available” and “consistently advanced”, is expected to usher in an era of capital-market reform,
The process of landing is to be expected.
The gas cycle, in which the relevant producers are growing well, is looking ahead, and full registration is expected to bring about a new round of re-evaluation of the 2022th quarter of Permanent Electronics (600.570.sh): The recovery cycle, in which capital marketit companies are expected to act as catalysts.
Over-expected revenues, accelerated catalytic expansion of public funds - 2022/0 - and digital investment by financial institutions, with persistent uncertainties on the ground in the short term, have enabled companies to value high growth targets, with swords referring to capital market reform dividends - 20
\triangleright new products are not moving as fast as expected; self-research on the head is intensified.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.