Epidemic perturbations are not changing growth trends, securities it is long-term upwards, permanent electronics (600577.sh) and domestic financial itts, maintaining a "buy-in" rating.
As the epidemic stabilizes, the market is expected to warm up and see the future of the company. We maintain the profit forecast, with the company expected to return to the cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen in 2022-2024, affected by the epidemic and with less income growth than in the same period in 2021;
Mainly as a result of higher changes in the fair value of financial assets, such as winning at the time of the company ' s investment, in terms of the initial amount of investment, equity assets, such as winning at the time of the investment, remain generally profitable; short-term growth trends are expected to be sustained as a result of the expected short-term impact of the realization of non-return net profits to the parent, with a view to the company ' s future development
(1) At the industry level, the CSRC, the Government’s report on its work has indicated that “full implementation of the stock issue registration system” is expected to accelerate the roll-out and will result in a significant increase in the securitiesit market: in 2022, financial innovation is also expected to move into the full roll-out phase, bringing about demand for confidence-building. The high growth of the company’s core business during the first quarter also highlights the industry.
Corporate Information Updates - Stockholdings energized by the gradual resumption of production in the company ' s core areas of business since June, and the prospect of a revival of the market that could lead to the growth of the company ' s business, and the emergence of securities as a champion.
Performance repairs. (2) At the corporate level, the company completed the change of management in April and launched its Stakeholder Scheme in July for long-term binding and motivation of the core team. The new management has a strong technical background and is expected to lead the company ' s Corporate Update Report - Core Business Maintenance
Technology has made a sustained breakthrough, and companies are expected to benefit at the core of their portfolio in the context of the credit creation. High growth, with new management coming in to invigorate growth. Corporate Information Update - Multi-factor Resonance, Publicity.