The impact of the epidemic shows resilience to growth, and the basic tipping points are on the way.
In a single quarter, 1.395 billion yuan was collected, an increase of 7.23 per cent over the same period; a net return to the mother - 58 million yuan, compared to 546 million yuan in the same period last year; and a net profit after deduction was $101 million, compared to 262 million yuan in the same period last year. The client group of companies was concentrated in the cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, etc., affected by the epidemic in the first half of 2022.
Delivery and orders are affected, but thanks to the continuous upgrading of the financial sector’s digital transformation and the Department’s strong executive power, the constant q2 quarter has maintained positive income growth and growing resilience. Non-recurrent gains and losses and personnel costs have resulted in short-term pressure on profits.
\triangleright Volatility in the capital markets in the first half of 2022, with larger changes in the fair value of financial assets such as winning a company ' s investment, research assistant Ding
This has led to a significant decline in earnings from fair value changes over the same period last year; on the other hand, for the second consecutive year of life, personnel costs increased by about 25.4 per cent in the first half of the year in relation to the same year, and the epidemic has affected income growth, while personnel costs have been more rigid, leading to a mismatch between short-term corporate income and costs, with perceived profits under pressure.
Basic turning points are expected to come and wait for the capital market reform horn to blow. In the last six months, the epidemic in Shanghai, North \triangleright, and Shenzhen has had a significant impact on the running of the business, while in 20, 21 years it has been massive.
1. E.S.A. (600.570.sh) Event Review: Launching a new round of employee-equity schemes, and the expansion of a new era of capital-reform reforms in the built-in capital market have put a clear strain on the cost of the company. As the epidemic is brought under control, the company operates normally.
-202/07/03 2. In-depth report for Helium Electronics (600570.0sh): The process of mist is a matter of expectation, considering the growth of Helium from the roll-out of the Science and Enterprise Board Registration System.
3. Quarterly 2022 of Helium Electronics (60570.sh): A new cycle of company growth is expected to be launched for the promotion of full registration. 4. Question 2021 of Helium Electronics (60570.sh):
The acceleration of digital investment with financial institutions and the persistence of uncertainty in the short term have enabled companies to have room for valuation restoration and to maintain a “recommended” rating. New products are moving at a slower pace than expected; and self-research on the head has intensified.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.