Mid-2022: Performance is expected to improve in the second half of the year, and the research assistant Wang Shijie incident: 25 August 2022, mid-2022.
▪ Impact performance of the epidemic, with a faster increase in the operation of the large-sourced and data risk versus the platform ' s technologyit: in a single quarter, q2 received 1,412 million yuan in 2022, an increase of 8.56 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 94 million yuan for the mother, a decrease of 64.20 per cent over the same period, mainly from Shanghai.
In 2022, h1, the company ' s large retailit business received $549 million, an increase of 5.65 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the epidemic, the down-linking of the voucher system, and the delay in revenue recognition.
Data risk and platform technology int business generated 174 million yuan, an increase of 34.86 per cent over the same period, mainly in the company o45, where new products from the data center were promoted more quickly. As a result, delivery of corporate projects was delayed, but downstream demand remained.
On 30 June, the company ' s contractual liability amounted to $2.710 billion, there were ample orders in hand, and with the onset of the epidemic, the dividends of capital market reform and the company ' s humanization point, the constant electronics were strong: on 2 August 2022, the Chairman of the CVM was likely to be full of articles in " Say yes " , which mentioned,
The first three years of pilot exploration, with information disclosure as the core of the registration system, have been tested by the market, and the conditions for full stock issue registration are largely in place. The introduction of full registration will result in significant financial int-building needs. In 2022, h1, companies slowed down recruitment and optimized recruitment.
The effectiveness of staff cost control after the first period of depreciation of the financial cloud production base is more evident
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: China’s capital market will continue to deepen its reforms, resulting in a strong demand for finance for its construction, a consistent electronics system that will lead China’s financial integrity in 2022, with a gradual improvement in human effectiveness, which is expected to accelerate development when the epidemic stabilizes.
The monetary unit of the data is the renminbi, and Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board.