Financial credit continues to grow and performance is expected to gradually repair the permanent electronics (600570.0sh) on 26/08/2022.
• Securitiest leads, maintains a “buy-in” rating, financial digital transformation needs continue to grow, financial innovation continues, and more than 70 corporate products have been created and are expected to continue to benefit in the future. The company has now completed organizational upgrades and introduced long-term incentives
As the epidemic subsides, performance is expected to recover. We maintain the profit projections, and the growth of corporate incomes is expected to slow, mainly because of the impact of the epidemic on corporate product extension and on-site delivery.
The winning eastern securities, platform-based trading centres, asset accounting, etc., have also been contracted with various institutions, such as HDR, OMS, etc., and the overall pace has slowed down over the same period in 2021. (2) Large capital management income of $1.014 billion, an increase of 29.42 per cent over the same period, with the company ' s new generation of investment management system O45 new and online customers continuously increasing, row
The impact of the industry has been growing: policies such as the New Debt Platform for the Deep Exchange, the North Exchange, the City of Science and Technology, etc., have resulted in incremental revenues from the transformation and construction contribution. (3) Data risk and platform technology in the amount of $174 million, corresponding to an increase of 34.86 per cent, data risk business as a whole is gaining momentum, and Light technical services are developing rapidly.
• Financial innovation continues to grow, and the stock-it leader is expected to continue to benefit, with total information technology investment by the securities firm in 2021 amounting to $33.82 billion, an increase of 28.66 per cent over the same period.
12.03% of income growth and the need for digital transformation of the financial sector continue to grow. In the broader context of “nationalization”, financial innovation is also continuing, with more than 70 corporate products having been matched with credit creation services for nearly 20 institutions, and the company is expected to continue to benefit as a portfolio leader.
The Stockholding Plan stimulates growth, upgrades the stock-in-chief, and introduces a long-term incentive program, which is expected to recover gradually as the epidemic subsides.
Keeping Core Business High Growth, New Management