A steady growth in revenue and continued dynamism in core products - a semi-annual review in 2022.
Business income grew robustly, with the business line income of the Great Manager growing by 29.43% on a year-on-year basis. During the first half of 2022, the company achieved operating income of 2,386 million yuan, an increase of 16.25% on a year-on-year basis, while net profits fell by 113.40% on a year-on-year basis.
The main reasons for the decline in net profits, such as the impact of the upgrading of the transition, are a significant decline in the same ratio of non-recurrent gains and losses. According to the branch, the bulk retailit business achieved revenue of $549 million, an increase of 5.65 per cent over the same period; the large capitalit industry achieved revenue of $164 million, a decrease of 19.12 per cent over the same period; and data risks and platform technology.
RMB, 16.28 per cent over the same period; non-financial operations, $89 million over the same period, 15.06 per cent over the same period; new generation core products such as uf3.0 and o45 continued to be promoted, the number of online customers continued to grow, the number of large retailit businesses, and the company ' s new generation Integrated Securities Financial Services Platform, uf3.0 won the Eastern Certificate
Bonds, business subsystems based on the platform’s development of trading centres, asset accounting, institutional service upgrades, etc. are also recognized in the market, with successive and optical securities, wide distribution securities, and Shanxi securities contracted in collaboration.
In addition, companies have been active in assisting industries in a series of regulatory policy changes, such as the Deep Exchange New Debts platform, the award of competitive trade gateways, the research-Hongseng Electronics 2021, the North Exchange, and the creation of a market.
In the area of bank fund management services, companies promote the integration of finastra products and introduce a consistent fund integration programme to increase client caseloads.
Launching of the 2022 stock options incentive scheme (draft), which reflects the confidence of growth in the prices of the stock.
To achieve corporate strategic planning, business objectives, and overall competitiveness, the incentive plan selects corporate operating income from 2022 to 2024 as public.
With the rapid development of China’s capital markets, the financial-it industry has reached a high growth cycle, and the company’s financial-it industry has become more competitive.
In the last five years, it is expected to continue to be high. Taking into account the recent changes in market valuation levels, the company's 2022 adjustment
The risk of repeated outbreaks of neo-crowd pneumonia; the risk of macroeconomic downsides affecting the input of downstream customers; the risk of lower-than-expected integration of technology policies: R & D and market promotion of new products are lower than expected: industry competition plus Figure 1: Ps-band in the last five years of Helium Electronics
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.