Launching of a new round of employee holding plans, a new era of capital-market reform, event of 03/07/2022: E.H.E. issued an announcement on the evening of 1 July to launch the 2022 S.E.C. (D.)
\triangleright), no more than 1.7 million shares are proposed for purchase, covering 600 persons.
After 2020, there was yet another motivational move at the employee level, and this time it was more focused, covering 17 people, including directors, general managers, key executives, and 583 cadres.
Management has an orderly legacy, inspired by a permanent platform. He was born in April 2022 to complete the change of management of the \triangleright layer, former President Liu Liao Feng as Chairman, Executive President Fan Yuu as President, and management team completed
This is the first employee holding plan since the new team was formed. The repurchase company has been listed, and the market moves have seen many buybacks and employee holding since 2020.
In response to the long-term logic dilemma, capital market reform and the transformation of the int system are double-clicking. The trading system that lasts at the centre of the capital \triangleright market is the capital market's infrastructure, and our capital market continues to grow.
At this point in time, the two main growth logics are expected to be reversed: full registration, capital market reforms are expected to accelerate, demand is expected to accelerate, and digitalization, bottom architecture changes, credit creation, and the core system of financial institutions is expected to rise to a new upgrade.
A replacement cycle. The constant fisting product o45, uf3.0, and the new generation of tas have reached the top-line of the pole customers, gradually becoming recognized by the market as the stability and advantages of the operation have been realized, and the new cycle of penetration of the company’s core products is expected to fall into one by one, opening a new starting point. Ever since 2020, it has been in the adjustment and input stages.
Permanent Electronics (600570.0.sh) In-depth reporting: Mist, after two years of corporate uncertainty gradually disappearing: the impact of accounting standards adjustments gradually faded; personnel depleted and upscaling
2. Quarterly 2022 reporting point for Helium Electronics (600570.0.sh) is expected for profit elasticity from the scale of expansion to the focus on human effectiveness; outbreak of 2022 is effectively controlled: income is over-expected, and the build-up of the Fund is facilitated.
It is hoped that business delivery will be back on track; and that corporate management will carry out a smooth transition in an orderly manner, with a strategy ranging from landing to a 2021 rating of the Permanent Electronics (600570.0sh): Implementation. We believe that as uncertainty becomes clear, the company is expected to re-evaluate.
High-growth targets, swords for capital market reform dividends 4. Continuous electronic (600570) performance forecast: performance meets expectations, continues to benefit from capital market reforms
5. The acquisition of summit (600570) and the digitization of financial institutions have accelerated, and persistent uncertainties are on the ground in the short term, so companies have valuations.
Space restored, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Sound; new product rollout process less than expected; increased self-research on the head; methodological and analytical logic leading to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.