The stock-holding scheme stimulates growth, and the stock-in-the-principal is a good opportunity to develop.
The company released a draft employee holding plan for 2022, involving 17 senior directors and other mid-level and cadre employees. The management change was completed in April, and the stock holding plan is expected to be long-term binding and motivation of the nuclear team to give the company a new growth. Given the impact of the epidemic and research and development, we have made a profit.
In the context of corporate and financial confidence-building, companies are expected to develop opportunities to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Repurchased shares (as at the end of June 2022, the company had accumulated 1.3 million shares to pay for a total of 5351 years, and the present holdings plan is expected to bind and motivate the core team over the long term to inject new growth into the company; the new management of the Department has more technical background and is expected to contribute to a sustained technological breakthrough in the company.
On June 25, a workshop on full registration was successfully held to advise on the forthcoming reform of the comprehensive registration system. Since 2022, the CSRC, the Government’s report on its work, has stated that “a comprehensive system of stock issue registration” has been in place.
Full registration is expected to accelerate. Once full registration is on the ground, the listing process, the number of listed companies, the transactions, the Corporate Information Update - Core Business Maintenance will change qualifications, bringing about a significant increase in the securitiesit market.
High growth, new management put in place to invigorate growth. In 2021, the pilot financial institutions accounted for 15 per cent of the year's expenditure on IT. The ratio is expected to rise to 30 per cent in 2022. Financial innovation is also expected to enter the full-scale roll-out phase, bringing in demand-friendly innovation and strong companies.
With the autonomous R & D route, more than 70 products have been fully adapted to ICT and are expected to develop.