On July 14, 2022, Hensen Electronic released its semi-annual performance forecast for 2022.
▪ The combination of epidemiological factors and the decline in returns on investments affects performance, and client demand continues: the main client groups are located in cities like Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, etc., and are affected by the epidemic. Motherhood net profits are reduced by about 113.90% compared to year, mainly non-recurrent gains and losses, and corporate investments are significantly reduced.
We believe that the epidemic has only briefly affected the company’s performance and that, as the epidemic resumes, the client’s demand has gradually been eased.
The company’s performance will be gradually back on track. ▪ The year-round expectations are constant, and the cost-control effect is evident: at the end of the year, as the epidemic becomes manageable, the company will increase its personnel every year, and this year the company will strive to optimize its staff efficiency, with the same personnel costs for the first half of the year.
With only a 25% increase, we expect that the cost of the company’s personnel will be gradually optimized throughout the year, that the profits of the year will be fully registered, and that permanent electronics will benefit: on 25 June 2022, the National Golden Gear seminar will provide advice on the upcoming comprehensive registration reform. We believe that China’s financial sector will be able to make a difference.
"Hongsin Electronics (600570): Quarterly review in 2022: short-term factors leading to profit assumption. Full registration is expected to be implemented, and Hingsin Electronic is expected to benefit fully from it as a financial lead.
Financial market changes are strong and long-term: while corporate performance fluctuates due to short-term factors such as the epidemic, we value the company as the leader of the financial integrator for long-term growth, especially throughout the second half of the year.
In the context of a gradual deepening of financial market reforms, we believe that there is a constant desire to maintain steady growth. On this basis, we maintain the 2022-2024 net return profit forecast as a point of assessment: rapid growth in revenue, R&D plus and
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board