One of the Long-Ann's series: when Long Anfort-Nee is reborn, the sales will fall and the recovery will be ready. Starting in mid-August, Long Anfort's mind will be snubbed.
The new stock will be put on the market gradually, and the cross-border Fox-Foxactive can be effectively supplemented by a new Fox target market, which will expand the demand for Fox irradiation (a compact cross-border vehicle + suv).
The brand is expected to return to more than 10,000 sales, plus the Fawwise, the Ultimate Annual Reform, etc., and it should be easier to sell more than 20,000 wholesales by December, when the big change is on the market, and it is expected that 30,000 will be sold each month, plus a significant increase since the beginning of the year.
Inventory, wholesale volume growth over time. Total equity/flow (million shares)a shares have been below net value, and we look back at the stock prices of long-term security since 2011 are currently at the extreme.
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) is a low-level operating phase. The last round of pb was in mid-2011, when it was the starting point for the departure of Chang Anfort after his last break-up.
They still believe that skinny camels are still bigger than horses, and that the best time to reboot is now Anfort, the official player in stock prices. By 2016, millions of years will be sold, 20,000 dollar bicycle profits will still be outstanding, most urgently.
What Ford wants is to put down his leg and work with Chang Xin to make the Chinese market a top strategic priority, and to follow through with his deep-rooted localization strategy. Growing melons and beans, paying attention to the Chinese market, and focusing on partners, will be brilliant again!
Practising Qualification Code: ss. 1190518020004 The meaning of long-term Anfort: One-way, one-size-fits-all, and the best cash flow for the Chang An car. The net profit from the return of the Chang An An Fort car is almost entirely from the profits of the whole car, including the Chang An Fort.
Since 2017, along with the arrival of Chang Anfort’s vehicle in the Chinese market, Chang Anfort’s net profit has risen rapidly, and the profit ratio in Chang An has been higher than 85%. The net profit of Chang An Fort’s car has greatly affected its net profit.
For now, the key to the recovery of Chang-An-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-T-A-T-A-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T.
Long Ann Ford's heavy-pound vehicle, Fox, peaked in 2013 with 400,000 annual sales, with an average monthly sales of about 33,000. And long Annford's total sales in the first two quarters of 2019 were 3.7 and 38,000, respectively, of the Blast Fox Top.
In 2016, Foys had a high light, with 300,000 sales a year, and more than 25,000 a month. Fox and Fox were like two different teams, with Anfort as the label of a joint venture. (ii) At the peak of the day, the net profit of a bicycle was 20,000.
The higher the single model, the lower the share of unit costs, the greater the scale effect. The two-fold rise in Fox and Formes' sales, the net profit on long Ann Ford's bicycles in 2015 and 2016 was about $20,000. The two Blasts became two robust and profitable machines in Long Anford and pushed long Anfoot's profits up to a higher point.
And then Fox sales fell to the bottom twice: there was a larger fall in ForWise sales, which led to a negative net profit for Chang Ann Ford in 2018, and the highest profit point for Long Ann Ford in 2015. Three, Long Ann Ford core issues.
(i) The product spectrum is thin, new cars are under-inbound. Forks and Formes were located only in a class-a car, and sales dropped significantly in the last two years. In other areas of breakdown, the product was weaker, with a class-a-suv and a level-b-suv each having only one product, but the volume was lower and did not form a stronger one.
From the long Anfort matrix of products, the original product is less competitive and has fewer options, and has not been introduced for many years since it was introduced to the United States in 2015. Since 2015, the rise of autonomous brands has led to consumer preference upgrading, and joint brands have not lost their share of the market by launching new ones, and long Anfort’s self-proclaiming will not satisfy consumer choices.
In contrast to the joint venture competitors, strong joint venture brands operate essentially in the country with more than two brands: the general public (North and South), universal (Bek + Chevran + Cadillac), Honda (Hukumoto + Toyomoto), and Toyota (Hukuto + Afflu), the product lines are longer than Ford, and multiple brands make Ford's product thinner.
(ii) Long life cycle of the main vehicle (4 years), 2018 (6 years), Toyota Carola in 2007, 2014 (7 years), 2020 (6 years) and East Wind in 2014 (5 years), 2019 (5 years) and Chang Ann Fordfolk
The Ford main vehicle, Fox, has a longer replacement than the Japanese and popular main vehicle. Long Annford not only has a longer replacement period, but also a longer re-transfer cycle, such as four years for Fuwise, Wing Tiger, etc.
Long-Amford used to be competitive in a variety of ways, such as manipulation, security, physical design, but with the lack of new imports, the volume of new items is increasing. We believe that 100-year-old Ford brand roots and technological strength are still industry leaders, and if the core issues can be solved, long-Amford or the town's banners will be resounding!
Ford's main brand: it's not too late to make up for it. (i) Ford China 2.0, and the new car has been launched at an accelerated pace. In 2019, Chang An Ford announced the launch of the "Fort China 2.0" project, which focuses on accelerating Ford's new product development in China.
The product covers two major brands, Ford and Lincoln, of which more than 10 are new energy vehicles that will be built to respond to the needs of Chinese consumers and meet the promise of “More Ford and China.” Since the end of 2018, Ford has introduced new Fuers and New Fox, and, after just six months, has made medium-term changes to Fox.
In July, when Fox 2020's Ace, Chang Anfort changed his position, and over the past year, it has been constantly updated to reflect Ford’s sincerity and determination to return to China. In the second half of 2019, Chang Anfort was committed to a new model, and the elite and the Golden Bulls will change in the middle of the third quarter.
The new car, the new Foxactive, is a Ford's first two-car cross-border vehicle, filling the void in the division, while the new one is expected to be launched in November, and multiple new cars are expected to be added to improve the layout of Ford's products in China. In addition, the United States luxury brand Lincoln will be officially nationalized in 2020, with the first models including mkc, navigators, and pilots.
Suv. Full coverage from compact to medium-sized suv. (ii) Fox changes are beginning to bear fruit, and the whole new escape is worth looking forward to the Fox family series: Chang Ann Ford upgraded the most important Fox under the flag in November 2018.
Once the new model was launched, it grew by more than 40% immediately over the previous month, with an average of more than 7,500 sales in November and December, 1.5 times the average sales in the first six months of listing, while the new generation of Fox became one of the best-selling models in the first half of Chang Annford, the main factor behind the first half of Chang Ann Ford’s recovery.
This upgrade, which is expected to boost sales again. The Foxactive, which will appear in August, is a cross-border travel version of Fox, with a black net of plastic motion, and has joined the black motion, encircled and black baggage shelves, a motion-motion style that matches the rejuvenation of the Chinese market, multiple-pronged, second half of the Fox family.
The year is expected to have a place in the compact car market. The new escape model: the escape is expected to be a newer model as a domestic wing tiger, with a new overall design, a special needle that is good to Chinese consumers and a completely new-designed front-faced, longer axle range and larger car size than a cash-wing tiger.
It is also hoped that a mixed power and plug-in version will be launched to match the new energy boom, and that it will regain its place in the highly competitive compact Sov market.
A medium-term recapitalization of vehicles: A medium-term recapitalization, and a full upgrade in appearance and configuration will occur in the third quarter of this year. It is worth mentioning that this time it will also bring a new, high-performance version with a Turboost 2.7-litre V6 engine capable of providing 335 horsepower, but the sale price will be quite reasonable, and it will be recognized as the best value-for-money performance suv.
The new car is more atmosphere-driven in its design, the power configuration is significantly upgraded, and the size of the vehicle is much more competitive than the vast majority of competitors of the same class. Lincoln’s national production: Betterlatethannever!
(i) The high-end luxury market was right when the Chinese automobile market experienced negative growth for the first time in 28 years, with a decline of 5.8 per cent on a par, and the car market entered into the winter. However, the domestic luxury car market rose backwards in 2018, with a 9 per cent increase in sales the same year.
Total sales amounted to 2.8 million vehicles, accounting for 9% of the market share of the entire car market. As competition between high-end brands increases, the product line layout improves, and further erosion of the market share is expected in the future. (ii) Lincoln is growing steadily in Chinese sales and is expected to grow even further after nationalization.
Lincoln, a luxury brand under the Ford flag, entered the Chinese market in April 2014, and for nearly three years Lincoln's sales in China have been growing, with 55,000 vehicles sold in 2018, a 2% increase compared to the previous year, slowing down the pace. Lincoln's sales are currently lagging behind Kadira, Lexus, and Volvo, among others, in the third camp.
The Lincoln brand is nationalized to capture the high-end car market dividends, the rapid growth in sales, and the rapid increase in brand visibility. (iii) Lincoln’s stick: Cadillac, a representative of the American limo, has been acquired after the birth of the country.
And it's worth learning from Lincoln's brand of the same limo of the United States -- Cadillac, whose sales in 2014 have increased by 47 per cent since the second phase of nationalization, successfully creating a brand image in China's high-end car market, with a misalignment of competition and prices.
In the first half of 2019, even in the cold winters of the car market, sales grew impressively. Ford’s global problem: too much focus on pickups, and other cars depend on European research.
(i) Ford's global strategic layout is important to Ford, and it's important to find the key drug to cure it.
The region suffered losses, while China’s mainland, the second largest profit market, suffered losses in 2018. Ford’s long-standing lack of focus on China’s markets, the length of its product lines, the ageing of its products, and its competition with other brands in China’s markets, and the large majority of Ford’s global profits came from North America, while North America’s market’s biggest advantage was in pickups.
More effort will be devoted to pickups, with a certain neglect of cars and the production and upgrading of the city’s suv. Since 2018, Ford has been thinking hard, proposing a strategy of “more Ford, more China” by launching 30 new cars in three years, with the aim of restoring its popularity in China City.
(ii) The huge American pickup market, Ford's one of the most powerful pickups, the lucrative pickup market, has reduced Ford's input in the traditional wagons, and the United States is the world's largest pickup market, with pickup trucks occupying the first and second best-selling model of the United States market in 2018.
And Ford, as the leader of the pickup industry, sold more than 900,000 vans in 2018, undisputedly became the best-selling car in the United States, with a market share of more than 35 per cent in the United States pickup market, which grew year after year and the core position of the Ford North American market, allowing Ford to shift his focus to more profitable pickups.
(iii) Financial-oriented management systems, strategically positioned as profit maximization services.
Under its own strategic layout, companies have had to integrate their business to improve profitability. Companies have implemented financial-oriented management systems that focus their operations on the pickup market, which has a higher one-car gain and better market prospects, and have gradually reduced the development and manufacture of traditional passenger vehicles.
In April 2018, Ford announced that most of the car business in the North American market would be cancelled in the next four years, and by 2020, 90% of the profits would have been achieved.
In recent years, the low prospects of conventional passenger cars in the North American market have made it a victim of Ford’s strategy to adjust, and Ford has transferred conventional vehicle R & D to the European R & D Center. But in a period of low tides in the European automobile market, Ford sales and profits both slides, pessimistic attitudes about the prospects in the European market have exacerbated the contraction of R & D inputs, and product renewal has slowed down.
China’s introduction of vehicles, mainly from European Ford, includes cars and suv, which account for the bulk of sales, and is a major factor in the decline in Ford’s performance. Inadequate investment in product research and development is also directly responsible for the continued decline in the United States’ car business and in Europe and China’s passenger traffic sales in recent years.
China's market is a top priority for Ford's position: (i) The pickup market is only in the United States, and the rest of the world is small.
The top five-car factory is not a long-term solution. The traditional motor vehicle model + the Chinese market will remain the top strategic priority of Fordway’s position. 1) In the global market, pickups have only high demand in parts of the United States, Australia, etc., and in the two major other cars.
The demand for pickups is low in both Europe and China. Robbings have taken up most of the US’s traditional car market, and they are increasing their share in China. The German public is the champion of sales in China, Europe, and the US commons are still better off than Ford’s traditional car market.
(ii) The Chinese market is at the top of Ford's global position, and the collaborators' deep cooperation and in-depth localization are the only options available as Ford's largest joint venture in China.
There are products, so the sales of CEO Anfort are the only choice for Ford, and in the competitively motivated Chinese market, the role of partner An is very important, and good cooperation with Chang An is the path to choice. Ford is aware of this, like the General Pan-Asian, where such deep-scale home-based R & D centres are about to be established jointly with Chang An, and more domesticized Ford models will be introduced in China in the future.
(i) Sales have fallen, recovery has begun in mid-August, new items from the long Anfort subconscious reserve will be marketed gradually, and cross-border Fox-Foxactive can effectively complement the weakness of the small market for the new Fox target (a compact sports car) and expand the demand for Fox radiation (a compact car).
It should be easier to sell more than 20,000 of them by December, when the tiger's money is on the market, and it is expected that 30,000 will be sold each month, plus a significant stock run since the beginning of this year, which will allow the bulk to grow at a very high rate.
(ii) Long-term net-breathing operations, with high stock prices, the Chang Ana stock unit has been below net value since December 2018, and we look back at the stock prices of the Chang An since 2011 is now in a very low operating phase. Chang An's last round of pb was in mid-2011, when he was long after his last break-up.
The starting point for Annford's takeoff. Today is different, but we still believe that skinny camels are still bigger than horses, and that the current stock price is the best time that Annford, the winner of the game, is back on the ground again. (iii) A long-term return to the high profit point of 2016 is still to come.
In the long run, it is still time to return to the glory of the 2016 million-year-old and 20,000-dollar bicycle profits, and most urgently for Ford to put aside his efforts to work with Chang Qing, making the Chinese market the top of his strategy, and to implement the strategy of deep localization. Growing melons and beans, paying attention to the Chinese market, and focusing on his partners, will surely be brilliant again.
1. The company ' s new model is not marketed as much as expected;2 Lincoln ' s national production is not progressing as expected;3 and the motor vehicle sector is recovering less than expected.
At the time of the rebirth of Chang Anfort Nezheng, the Academy was located at 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.