The core Internet business of 2.0 is the development focus of 2019 - Klonwanwi (300418) The aim of the reduction is to reduce the stock pledge rate
The impact of the equity pledge risk on the various stakeholders, thereby safeguarding the smooth growth of the enterprise and enhancing market confidence. ' Moreover, the financing of the company ' s equity pledge is mainly used to acquire the share of the opena and free play, with the company holding 43.7 per cent and 100 per cent of the shares, respectively.
In 2019, the company will continue to open up its overseas markets by developing games, news, video, and so on.
On the other hand, the company will adopt the strategy of “Research One plus Content Gambling + Self-Researching P”, which is expected to usher in a new fast and long-term cycle; on company browsers and digital news information platforms, Opra, the news industry is now developing smoothly, and the advertising platform business, which will be on-line in 2019, and the small lending industry in Africa, South Asia and South-East Asia.
We're looking for breakthroughs in the entertainment and electricity sectors, and we're actively nurturing new businesses like live broadcasts, voice chat rooms, social power providers, where we play S2b2c.
In the new business, the voice chat business is currently in a balance of gains and losses, while free and excellent items are still in the process of being invested, and the number of users is expected to increase further.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, a company that maintains an "additional" rating at 28 Peace Rixie Street, in Beijing's West Side.
Hsien Shenzhen Fukuda has a six-year tax-free business period: investment projects have failed to perform as expected.
Tsengdu China Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) does not regard the recipient as a client and not a reader who has no business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.