On 25 January, the company announced in 2024 that a stock plan would be issued to a specific audience to raise no more than 4.5 billion yuan from no more than 35 specific targets for "R & D."
The project to build a technology-testing platform and the project to develop high-end semiconductor equipment overlaps, as well as to replenish liquidity. Global wpm is expected to grow to about 31.6 million pieces in 24 years, with China leading semiconductor expansion.
Chang. In terms of crystal-crystal capacity, Semi expects global semiconductor monthly crystal-crystal capacity to grow by 5.5 per cent to 29.6 million units in 2023 (in 200 mm equivalent terms), and the global semiconductor industry plans to start operating 82 new crystal-crystal plants, including:
With government funding and other incentives, Semi anticipates that China will increase its share of global semiconductor capacity, and that mainland China's chip manufacturers are expected to start operating 18 projects in 2024, with a similar increase in capacity in 2023.
8.6 million pieces of crystal round; Semi expects that Taiwan will remain acm research with semiconductive capacity.
Crystal circle plant. Based on the sale of equipment in the crystal circle, the expansion of capacity slowed in 2023 due to weak semiconductor market demand and stock adjustment, and the growth of capacity in 2024 will be carried out by front-line and surrogates, including the generation of artificial intelligence and high performance calculations (hpc)
The growth in production capacity and the recovery of chip-end demand are driven by the increased memory capacity and the suspension of the expansion of mature capacity. Sales in the field of crystal mill equipment are expected to increase by 3 per cent in 2024 over 2023, with new crystal mill projects, expansion of capacity and expansion of production capacity.
Technology migration will raise investment to nearly $11 billion and is expected to increase further in 2025 with enhanced R & D testing capabilities, enabling platforming and globalization. 1) The company intends to invest $940 million in R & D and process testing Ping.
The project foresees a four-year construction cycle: the project will build on the experience of the international semiconductor equipment pipeline in setting up a pilot line for self-process testing, using the process-test cleaner production environment available to the company, and deploy the required R & D tester
In addition to the various types of industrial equipment, such as optical carving machines, cmps, ion injection machines, and the combination of home-made multi-art equipment, the development of integrated circuit equipment development and process testing platforms to improve the industrial layout of the company's R & D testing chain, upgrade R & D testing capabilities, from R & D to the definition of the company's products.
Improved testing support services will effectively reduce the cycle of R & D validation of corporate products, improve R & D efficiency and accelerate corporate platforming and the strategic objectives of globalization. 2) The company intends to invest $2.255 billion in “high end semiconductor equipment”
An iterative R & D project, with a projected construction cycle of four years; the project will continue to promote product replacement upgrades and stereotubes, coatings and photolithics, and the development of three new products for chemical gas deposition pecvd equipment.
In the period 2025-2026, the company pecvd, track, began to realize sales revenue, and it is expected that as the market for these two items of equipment continues to open up, it will again contribute to a high growth in corporate performance. In the longer term, the growth in corporate performance will also benefit.
The expansion of overseas markets, with the firm ' s forward goal of contributing half to each of the domestic and overseas markets,3 while the company plans to use the amount of $1.304 billion to supplement liquidity, helps to relieve pressure on liquidity demand in the company ' s business development process.
Risks of uncertainty in the external environment: technology iterative risk: market openings are not as high as expected risk; downstream expansion is not as high as expected; data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and objectivity.
EQUALITY, THE REPORT'S CONCLUSION WITH OTHER SECRETARIATS AND PERSONS OF THE COMPANIES, SECRETARIAT ISSUERS, Listed Companies, Foundations, Securities Asset Management Corporations, Selected Clients