Shen Mio Shanghai (688082.sh) Joo Ji-sun grew fast at the end of the camp in 2023, with a good outlook for 2024.
The company’s performance meets expectations. Its performance holds the potential for sustained rapid growth as a result of growing demand in the domestic semiconductor equipment market, rising corporate competitive advantage in cleaning up equipment, and developing new semiconductor facilities.
The year 2023 saw a high rate of growth, with a good outlook for 2024: the company announced that it was expected to sign a single $6.5 billion in 2023, an increase of 41 per cent over the year, and that the total number of hand orders amounted to nearly $7 billion, a faster increase than the end of the previous year. For the year 2024, investment in the domestic semiconductor industry was on the rise.
At this rate, the company is expected to earn $5 billion to $5.8 billion and is expected to maintain a relatively rapid growth momentum, with profit projections: looking ahead, with companies actively expanding semiconductor equipment-led ratios in addition to deep-deep cleaning equipment
A combination of products in the field, successively with the introduction of plating equipment, copper scraping equipment, advanced encapsulation of wet equipment, stand-up pipe equipment, etc. And core equipment fields such as front-tracking film-track equipment, pecvd, etc. are also actively configured. New growth points are being built for subsequent performance growth. At the same time, mainland China is expected to hold.
Continuing to expand semiconductor manufacturing capacity, the company, as the leader in the area of domestic cleaning equipment, will continue to benefit from the growth in domestic demand for the expansion of crystal mills. We expect the company to achieve net profits twice, 37 times and 28 times in 2023-2025, and the company, as the leading semiconductor cleaning plant, is not yet fully valued.
React to the future growth space and give a buy-in rating. Science and technology disputes drag demand for semiconductor equipment.