Gold prices have continued to rise and are expected to pick up performance. Events of 27 August 2019: In recent days, China Gold released its mid-2019 report, and in the first half of 2019 the company achieved operating income of $16,707 million, an increase of 3.75 per cent, compared with the previous year; and it became a mother-in-law.
Central gold (600489.sh) Domestic gold prices have risen and corporate output has fallen. In the first half of 2019, domestic gold is available \triangleright, influenced by international instability and global economic downward pressure.
The net profits attributable to the company ' s shareholders in the listed company decreased considerably in the context of the increase in gold prices, which amounted to $287.7/g, owing on the one hand to a reduction in gold production as a result of the restructuring of some of the mines, as a result of the company ' s positive response to the country ' s environmental policy, and, on the other hand, to the introduction of strategic investments in debt-for-equity projects, resulting in a decline in the company ' s gold production as a result of the decline in the share held by the company in the former central smelters.
33.10 tons of gold, 17.90 tons of smelting, a decrease of 4.53 per cent, 10.65 per cent and 13.66 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period the previous year. \triangleright Mongolia's 90 per cent shareholding in mining” is still under way. In recent years, China's smelting plant has been better off with a net profit of $355 million in 2018 and a net profit of $355 million in the first half of 2019.
Net profits of $195 million a year. In this transaction, 60.98% of the shares of the Central Harasu refinery were traded at $4.707 billion. Inner Mongolian mining mainly produced copper and molybdenum powder, with a net profit of $632 million in 2018, with a Māori ratio of 40.73 per cent of the main business, with a copper metal holdings of 23.34 million tons, with an average grade of 0.144 per cent; Molybdenum metal holdings of 550.5 million tons, with an average grade of 0.034 per cent. In this transaction, 90 per cent of the shares of Mongolian mining were traded at $3.797 billion.
On 27 June 2019, the State Finance Committee of the State Council agreed in principle to the company’s current overall programme of issuing shares and paying cash to buy assets and raise a set of funds, subject to the approval of China’s Securities Supervisory Board. Gold prices remain on the rise.
The period of \triangleright is also increasing, adding to the increased uncertainty of the international trading environment and increased market risk avoidance. We believe that the current cycle of gold rises is not over, and that it still looks forward to the follow-up of gold prices.
Risk factors: lower than expected production of mineral gold; risk of gold price fluctuations; increased production costs; disruption of production due to natural disasters, environmental emergencies, etc.; this increase is expected
Sinda Securities Inc. was not approved by the SEC.
Joao Wang, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages. In 2017, he joined the Sunda Securities Corporation and began research in the non-ferrous metals industry in 2019.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.