The company is a combination of gold harvesting, selection, smelting and processing.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2019. The company achieved operating income of $16,707 million in the first half of 2019, while large gold companies produce a variety of products such as high-purity gold, standard gold, electrolysis silver, electrolytic copper and sulphuric acid.
▪ Increases in the volume of gold reserves and the expected increase in resources: during the reporting period, corporate reserves of gold, non-ferrous metal geological surveys, selections and smelting amounted to 509 tons, the third largest listed company in the country's gold reserves.
Investment and management; by-product processing and marketing of gold production; 24.6 tons (+5 per cent) and 12.6 tons (+2.5 per cent) of metal reserves, respectively, and research and development, advisory services on gold production technologies with resource growth; high purity
In addition, the company, as the only operating platform of the gold-resources group in China, produces, processes, wholesales gold products, etc. Non-competitive commitments to access Chinese gold. The gold-group in China holds a total stock of about 1907 tons of gold resources.
And 10.22 million tons of copper and metals will provide a sustained guarantee for the company’s subsequent resource growth. Production of primary gold products has declined, and copper production has increased slightly: the company’s primary gold production in the first half of the year was 7.12% and +1.62 to 0.938 million tons and 144,000 tons.
The policy is related to the re-engineering of mines, while the increase in copper production benefits from the completion of the second phase of the re-engineering of China’s smelters. The conversion of the debts of the h1 smelters has led to a return on the firm’s net profit: the company’s important profits are in China’s smelters, but the company’s interest in belonging to them has fallen to $76 million.
Debt-for-equity operations were carried out and the resulting enhancement of minority shareholder interests to 60.98 per cent (the ratio of corporate holdings dropped to a multi-capital injection would boost the company’s performance: the company intends to purchase 60.98 per cent of the shares of the Chinese smelter and 90 per cent of the share of the Inner Mongolia Mining.
360 tonnes of copper and 350,000 tonnes of copper production capacity, which in 2019 will be close to 400 million yuan in net profits. Inner Mongolia, which has 24,750 tonnes of annual production and 17.6 years of service, has verified a recovery rate of 2.334 million tonnes of copper metal, which produces approximately 50,000 tonnes of copper annually, 0.564 tonnes of molybdenum per year, and 33.2 tons of silver per year.
With the continuation of premiums and exchange-rate premiums and the consistency and continuity of central bank purchases, gold prices are still on the move, with annual gold prices falling by $1,600. Companies are upstream gold producers, mineral gold.
The substantial increase in reserves and production will facilitate the opening of the company's valuation space.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of gold and gold (600,489): the abundance of resources and the infusion of assets.
East Hing's Stock Exchange Review (600489).
In 2016, he invested in the Tianyang Real Estate industry.
Hodgins is engaged in research in the non-ferrous metals industry.
Zhang Teng Fung, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom. Nine years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment and team management, former Director-General of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Board and Head of the Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group; former Director of Investment in the Management of Assets in the Huin Fong Dong Hing Programme.
Second prize for the joint study of futures options at the Financial Futures Exchange (CIFE), third prize for the joint study of options at the Institute; and a silver prize for the Chinese Futures and a copper prize for multimedia: a third prize for the market simulation of the soybean futures at the Dalian Commodity Futures Exchange, and an award for the entry of options into the competition.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.