Domestic operations rebounded steadily, with rapid growth abroad reported performance rating in 2025.
(+21.01 per cent), operating cash flows amounting to 49 million yuan (with a negative shift). 2025q2 realized operating income of 200.5 billion yuan (+17.96 per cent) and operating cash flows of 402 million yuan (+1,139.16 per cent). Domestic demand recovered steadily and overseas operations accelerated.
RET operations achieved income of $4.89 billion (+7.61 per cent), combined market share with Piti □ Chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn up 3.4 pct, ranked second in the industry; maintenance services continued to grow at a rapid rate of revenue of $816 million
Upgrade, umrjupiter5t maintained a strong growth momentum, with domestic market shares rising more than ever: mengxi_yj@chinastock.com.cn maintained robust growth and ultra-high-end production lines continued to escalate; 3mi: earned revenue
841 million yuan (+13.15 per cent), the domestic share of the company pet/ct remained market first for 10 consecutive years, benefiting from the continued warmth of the market, with the company achieving more than 600 installed machines in more than 30 countries/areas in the first half of the year; 4rt: income of $242 million was achieved, with the domestic share rising substantially by nearly 18 pct, and dsa
The second growth curve, which combines diagnostic interventions and treatments, has been shaped mainly by the gradual landing of policies, such as equipment upgrading, and the continued development of new medical infrastructure, which has led to a significant recovery in market activity; and (2) overseas: income of 1,142 million yuan (+22.48%), up to 18.99%.
The company's “top-up” strategy has been very effective, with high-end equipment covering more than 70% of state administrations in the United States. The European market has been fully configured for the top five economies, with emerging markets also growing rapidly. We believe that as domestic bid orders continue to land, abroad.
By maintaining the core barriers to innovation, the whole chain of ownership can guarantee global supply. By insisting on high-intensity research, people-driven technology was emerging, and by June 2025 the company had accumulated more than 140 sums to the market.
The company continues to deepen the core barriers to competition through parallel development of multiple product lines, covering all-store innovation layouts from next generation product R&D, bottom hardware breakthroughs, intelligent applications to platform system architecture. At the same time, the company has fully autonomous R&D of core components in multiple product lines, such as mr, mi, to secure supply.
In addition, the company’s policy is to ensure that the health of the population is protected from all forms of violence and abuse, and that the health of the population is protected from all forms of violence.
(a) Performance, which is expected to benefit fully from policies such as new medical infrastructure and large-scale equipment upgrades, as well as prospects in overseas markets, demand recovery-driven performance repair and overseas breakthroughs to deepen growth dynamics;
In view of the uncertainty of the overseas trading environment, I have a slight pressure on 24H1 performance to wait for demand to be released;
Annual Report 2023 and Quarterly Report 2024: High-end production acceleration and high growth in overseas operations; Galactic Medicine, company review _ joint film medicine (688271):
(a) The growth of product lines has been robust and the global layout has been very fruitful;
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.