Income growth is rising seasonally, ai empowerment is driving intelligence leaps, Don Ae-jin is replacing national production with overseas expansion, and income growth is rising seasonally.
Gradually, the demand for procurement by health-care institutions has recovered, companies have seized on alternative opportunities for national production, and domestic revenues have reached $4,873 million (yoy+10.74 per cent) with steady growth, with the Chinese market ranked second in terms of occupation, and market patterns have risen robustly; offshore market companies rely on product technology.
Foreign revenue has increased by between 22.49% and $1,142 million over the same period. For every quarter, the company Cao Jialine has remained stable.
The company’s business, both at home and abroad, is expected to grow at a faster pace. Profitability is expected to increase, and ai empowerment is expected to drive intellectual leaps. \triangleright, in terms of corporate profitability.
The share of medium- and high-end equipment in product lines, such as continuous landing, magnetic resonance, ct, molecular imagery, is expected to increase continuously, and the revenue from high Maori service operations will continue to rise as the number of installed machines increases.
With a 30% increase in revenue over the year, it is expected to drive the company's Māori rate. In terms of i-enabling, the company continues to push “equipment +ai” to the ground at an accelerated pace of medical visualization and treatment scenes, with full-line products coming from hardware, software, and response.
With a multi-faceted i-platform capacity, such as workflows, more than 20 i-ena-enabling devices were driven by fda, `high-end + globalization + intelligence', hit, industry leader, and we believe that i-enabling is expected to drive the company's medical images.
The technology is moving to a new level of intelligence and precision.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. 44 times, maintaining the company's “buy-in” investment rating.
In 2024, she joined the Sindha Portal No. 127 (Kindage No. 127) in Beijing, Beijing, in the West Side, and covered medical services, cxo, upper life sciences, Chinese medicine, etc. In 2023, she joined the Sinda Portfolio, which was responsible for research in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnostics, icl, etc.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.