Joint film medicine: q2 speeds are clear, and innovation results continue to materialize, with an increase of 6.99 per cent over the same year; net profit from non-repatriation of $587 million, with an increase of 17.96 per cent over the same year. Rapid breakthroughs in innovation and penetration rates are expected to accelerate growth abroad.
Triangular authority data, the company’s share in China’s new market for medical imagery and radiotherapy equipment has increased by 3.4 percentage points on the same basis. The core diagnostic product lines of mr, mi, xr, etc. continue to consolidate and expand their lead advantage, ranging from high-level hospitals to primary health-care institutions.
Accelerating product innovation at the same time as scale – the global first two-wide dual-source system, utc.d., officially entered the Nmpa Innovative Medical Device Special Review Program, and the photometer count ctuctultra is active in multiple hospitals to open clinical testing and clinical medicine studies.
Total equity/flow (billions of shares) (2) Overseas operations exhibit a strong resilience and robust growth, with corporate overseas operations earning 1,142 million yuan, an increase of 22.48 per cent over the same period, raising their share of total revenue to 18.99 per cent.
The pace of overseas project delivery and client follow-up is increasing, and it is expected that overseas operations will return to faster income growth areas in the second half of the year as the transformation of overseas projects accelerates.
< < Joint Film Medical Assessment Report: All video diagnostic equipment owned by the company, continuously upgraded from hardware, software, applications and workflows to high growth overseas >--2025-05-
All have achieved the enabling power of the ai platform, such as the uaifi magnetic resonance brain platform, ct ' s Usensect master motion sensing platform, the uexcel molecular image technology platform, uaid full-flow xr intelligent photography < < joint film medical point review report: overseas business performance
A series of multi-intelligent super-technology platforms, such as technology platforms. These multi-intelligent super-platforms continue to stagger, and the country's production lines are steadily rising. Breaking up will not only keep the company in the lead in the current wave of medical images, but will also push for the future.
I-2024-11-08 Innovative products leading the industry and filling the technology gap provide a powerful boost.
Data from the list of ai-enabling medical equipment show that radiology is the most concentrated leader of the global i-enabling equipment, with a significant increase in the Māori ratio >--2023 - domain, with company ai-ena-enabling equipment having been approved in more than 20 cases, leading the industry.
Māori is stable and cost-effective. Research assistant: Li Shao-Iwa, q2 is fast and innovation continues to materialize.
Joint Film Medical Care: q2 is fast, and the innovation continues to materialize on the 31st floor at 926 Hond Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.