Technology for profit (600183) Electronics 5g high-frequency copper plate taps in the country Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
“Technology + Products + Layout,” working together to consolidate market power. Technology for profit is a core supplier of global electronic circuit-based materials that combines R & D, production, sales, and services. For more than 30 years, companies have established fully-owned and controlled subsidiaries in Xianyang, Suzhou, Hong Kong, Taiwan, China, and Kyushu.
Production base, steel plate production, from 600,000 square metres per year at the start of the plant to more than 88.6 million square metres in 2018.
Millions of yuan, representing an increase of 11.5 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit of $10.0 billion to the mother, a decrease of 6.9 per cent in the same year.
Market breakthroughs in products such as encapsulations, servers, etc. • Emerging terminal applications have peaked and ccl will be available for demand in the future. The coating is the core component of the printed circuit board (pcb), which is the key support for electrical components and devices in electronics. With cloud computing,
The market for end-use applications such as artificial intelligence, 5g communications technology, etc., will increase the market demand for pcb, especially high-end pcb, and the technology requirements and demand for copper caps will increase accordingly. Since 2013, the global and mainland pcb industry has maintained a more stable development overall.
The value of production was about $29.730 billion, an increase of about 9.6% over the same year, representing over 50% of global pcb output, and, according to Prmask, China’s pcb output is projected to reach $35.69 billion by 2022.
The copper-plating sector has grown steadily. Global hardened copper-plate production in 2017 was $12.14 billion, 19.8 per cent more than in the same period the previous year. Moreover, the global copper-plate industry was competitive, with a global market share of the ccl industry divided by 21 enterprises in 2017, benefiting technology ranked second in the world at $1.52 billion.
Dollars, 0.86. Given the large market space for emerging end-use applications, such as 5g, it will drive the growth of ccl demand, with a larger share of the company's market and a significant breakthrough in the ongoing R & D market for high-frequency products, covering it for the first time, with an “enhancement” rating.
Competition has increased, and emerging end markets, such as 5g, have not developed as expected. 1 “Technology plus product plus layout”, combined to consolidate market power.
After more than three decades of development, the production of solid copper sheeting has grown from 600,000 square metres per year at the start of the plant to more than 88.6 million square metres in 2018. According to the statistics and rankings of the United States Prismark Institute for Research on hard copper sheeting globally, the total sales of hard-coated copper sheeting from 2013 to 2017 have jumped to the second highest level in the world.
Since its establishment, the Corporation has placed great emphasis on the technological capabilities of its products, and has developed a variety of high-tech products of wide application worldwide, which have further increased its scientific capabilities.
In addition, the company has established post-doctoral research workshops and specialist enterprises in Guangdong Province, which actively take the lead in the development of relevant international, national and industry standards.
The company's headquarters are located in Guangdong Dongjun, and the company is located in Xianyang, Suzhou, Hong Kong, Taiwan, familiar, Nantong and China.
Xijiang, among others, has set up fully-owned and holding companies, set up production bases, and actively expand market layouts. In the company’s current geographical layout, Guangdong, Shaanxi, Suzhou, familiar, Jiangxi and others focus on research and development, production and marketing of flame-retarded epoxy fibre sheets, coatings, composite base epoxy copper panels, multi-stretch semi-stabilized arrays and soft materials: Nanjing is committed to the benefits.
In addition, Taiwan and Hong Kong benefit primarily from the local market in Hong Kong and Taiwan. 1.3 Focus on the copper board main course, longitudinal high-frequency products.
Proactive technology has autonomously produced high-end electronic materials such as copper sheeting, semi-stabilized tablets, insulation press boards, metal-based copper sheeting, coatings of resin copper, covers of membrane, and corporate-led products have been certified by internationally recognized enterprises such as China, Naking, Nokia, Bo, Union, Sony, Samsung, Philips, and products have been sold to several countries around the world, including the Americas, Europe, Korea, Japan, South-East Asia, etc.
Copper coatings are the core business of profit, which is divided into conventional rigid products, auto products, radio frequency and microwave material products, metal-based and high-conducting heat products, encapsulation products, soft materials products, high-speed products, and eight series of special products, depending on the field of application. Of these, there are currently three main products of benefit in the high-frequency area: one is a hydrocarbon product; and the second is a hydrocarbon product.
One is ptfe, which already has autonomous intellectual property rights, while acquiring emerging technology in Japan in 2016, which is now fully produced, sold and in short supply; the third is hot and solid material, mainly for automobile radar products, at the certification stage.
2.1 The product structure is stable, with a steady increase in revenue and net profits of 10.75 billion yuan, an increase of 25.9 per cent in the same year, and of 11.18 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 11.5 per cent. In the first quarter of 2019, the company collected 2.74 billion yuan, a decrease of 3.3 per cent in the same year.
In addition, the company’s main product is concentrated in two main areas, copper and glue sheets, printed circuit boards, and stable collection structures. The copper and sheeting business is the company’s second largest business, with the share of total revenue remaining between 15 and 20 per cent in 2014-2018.
Based on years of accumulation and development opportunities of 5g, the company achieved a major breakthrough in the field of certification and sales of high-frequency materials in 2018, and the metal base plate was successfully introduced into the motor-led terminal market. 2.2 The operations are stable and the R & D investment continues to increase.
There has been a steady growth. The Māori ratio for both the main business, namely the copper and glue sheets, and the printed circuit boards, fluctuated at around 20%, with a steady increase in the Māori rate for the printed circuit board operation in 2014-2018; and the overall increase in the Māori rate for the copper and glue business, which fluctuated slightly downward in 2017.
The company has focused on technological innovation and has accelerated market breakthroughs for products in the areas of high frequency, high speed, sealing, servers, etc., while at the same time doing a great deal of heavy copper. Over the last five years, R & D inputs have continued to grow and more R & D projects have been carried out, of which, in 2017, the cost of sales by the company and its share of financial costs have stabilized.
Interest costs on debt swaps, as well as increased exchange losses due to exchange rate changes during the period.3 Emerging terminal application markets have peaked and ccl ' s future demand is likely to be due to the leaching of fibreglass fabrics or other enhanced materials into resins, one or both of which are covered with copper and hot
A plate made of pressurized material with three main functions: printed circuit board conductor, insulation, and support. Depending on mechanical rigidity, the coatings can be divided into two categories: rigid coatings and scratching coatings. In rigid coatings, fr-4 epoxy fibre-based coatings. Copperboards are the most widely used and applied product in the current pcb manufacture; and in the metal base plate, aluminium coatings are the largest.
Over the years, traditional consumer electronics, such as smartphones, pc-paced computers, are increasingly driven by growth in the pcb industry. At the same time, cloud computing, artificial intelligence and material networking, and 5g communications technology are emerging.
The application market has become an engine for the sustained growth of pcb and has led to a better performance and quality of pcb in environmental protection, high frequency, high speed, high-conduct heat, high-size stability, etc. As the construction of 5g begins in 2019, the demand for pcb products, especially high-end pcb products, will increase significantly, and the market will require technology for the pcb core material and for the pcb coating board.
Since 2013, the global and mainland pcb sector has maintained a more stable development overall. The world-wide pcb output in 2017 was about $58.840 billion, an increase of about 8.6 per cent compared to the previous year; China ' s pcb output was about $29.773 billion, an increase of about 9.6 per cent compared to the previous year, and China ' s pcb share of global pcb was over 50 per cent, with a steady increase over the years.
China’s continent, as the world’s largest production base for pcb, is becoming increasingly mature in traditional manufacturing technologies, such as a multi-layered process, and, with sustained government investment support and unique cost and location advantages, prmask predicts that China’s pcb output will reach $35,690 billion by 2022.
With more than 4 head of the market share, industrial centres are concentrated on the mainland, and the global copper sheet industry has grown steadily, driven by the end-use market. In 2017, the global hardened sheet was $12.14 billion (including stickers, multilayers, etc.) per product.
At present, the global copper sheet industry is competitive, with the global market share of the ccl industry being largely divided by 21 enterprises in 2017, including 7 firms with a combined global output of 33 per cent, 5 intra-continent firms, 4 daily companies, 3 United States companies, and 1 each of the top six companies, respectively.
Lean technology, South Asian plastics, pine electricians, desktop electrons and gyroelectronics account for more than 6% of total global output, and the combined market share is 58% of the world ' s rigid copper sheet, with a higher concentration. Technology gains the second highest performance in the world with $1.52 billion.
Assumption 1: Copperboard and stickers: The prices of the company ' s coatings and glue products are expected to remain stable over the next few years, and for the future: Printing circuits: Prices of the print circuit boards are expected to remain stable over the next three years, and printing lines of the company over the next three years.
The market space for emerging end-use applications, such as 5g, is huge. It will drive the growth of demand in the ccl sector, leading the brassboard industry, with a larger share of the company's market, while continuing to invest in the dynamic high-frequency product market for R & D, with a larger break-down, first-time coverage and an “uptake” rating.
The rise in the price of raw materials, as well as supply constraints and pressures on costs and operations, increased competition between peer technologies and markets, and the growth of emerging end markets, such as 5g, have not been expected, have not been, and will not receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.