A study by Leisure Technology (600183) has benefited from a 5g commercial company that is entering a new phase of growth, with a lead in the copper slab industry, with higher yields, harvests and Maori rates than its peers.
The profit technology is the lead company in the copperboard industry, which in 2018 collected 11,981 million yuan a year, an increase of 11.45 per cent, of which $9,767 million was spent on the copper and glue sheets, well above the copperboard industry, where he was listed: the company ' s capacity and the Māori rate are also at the head of the listed company in the copperboard industry.a
On June 6, 2019, the Ministry of Information and Communications officially issued a 5-g license plate to mark China’s official entry into the 5-g era.
The 5g frequency of communication will include the Mi-wave frequency band, when traditional copper panels will gradually be replaced by high-frequency high-speed coatings, with higher prices and Māori rates compared to conventional high-frequency and high-speed plates. The number of base stations in the 5g era will also be higher than the number of base stations in the 4g era, and the increase in base stations will be directly affected.
High-frequency-cover copper plates are now largely monopolized by overseas companies, with the U.S. base-line radio-frequency panel leader in 2018, with Rogers accounting for over 50% of the global market on the high-frequency board, and this time the Chinese-American trade friction will accelerate the high frequency.
In 2016, they established Jiangsu Special Materials Ltd., which is officially referred to as Research-Profit Technology of the State Dollar Securities Corporation (600183): Moving out of the cycle, into the high-frequency copper-plating field, and, after a long build-up, the company seized the opportunity to be certified in 2018.
New Growth, 2018.01.29 and a major breakthrough in sales, while companies are actively building productive capacity to meet the growing demand for high-frequency copper upstreams, as the trend towards national production of materials doubles.
The next 5-g base station is growing steadily, and the company is also active in building copper-plate capacity, which we expect from 2019 to 2021 as the demand for public goods increases downstream and the capacity of the company is released.
The construction of the 5g base station was less than expected and competition increased in the copper sheet industry.a The 5g-era product is expected to rise at full cost.
Founded in 1985, the main business was the production and sale of electronic circuit-based materials. After more than 30 years of development, the company ' s production of copper sheeting rose from more than 600,000 m2 of annual production at the start of the plant to 88.6 million m2 in 2018. According to the Prismark statistics, the total sales of hard-core copper sheeting for the technology of profit jumped in 2017.
To the second largest in the world, the company currently has six production bases, located in East China, Xianyang, Laos, South China, Suzhou, and Xijiang. To $1 billion, a reduction of 6.9% from the same year, a share of which is currently sold by five listed companies for profit.
For example, 11,981 million yuan was collected from the RST, of which 9,767 million yuan was collected from the SBS; the remaining four listed companies, with $5,828 million in gross proceeds from the SBS business; and the Māori rate, with gross interest rates on SBS products, was also among the top five listed companies.
On 6 June 2019, the Ministry of Trade and Communications officially issued a 5g license plate, marking the official entry of China.
(24.25 ghz-52.6 ghz), of which fr2 contains millimetre wave bands. The increased frequency of communications, the loss factor (df) and the medium constant (dk) in the coating sheet parameters have been the focus of attention, the lower the dk, the higher the signal rate, the smaller the df, the smaller the signal loss, the smaller the traditional dk and the base plate of the glass fibre epoxy (fr4)
The value of df is high, 4.9 and 0.4 respectively, and the traditional coatings are gradually replaced by high-frequency high-speed coatings. The prices of high-frequency and high-speed plates are higher and the Māori rate is higher than those of traditional copper sheets.
In 2018, the annual report revealed that the total number of 4g base stations for the country ' s three major telecommunications operators amounted to 4.78 million.
1.2.2 The national substitution of high-frequency (HF) copper plates has accelerated and HF-plating is now largely monopolized by overseas enterprises, with Rogers, the United States base antenna radio-frequency-plating locomotive, accounting for more than 50 per cent of the global market of the HF-plate in 2018, which will accelerate the replacement of HF-plate national production by China-United States trade frictions.
With the creation of Jiangsu Special Materials Ltd. in 2016, officially involved in the high-frequency copper plate area, and after a long build-up, the company seized the opportunity to achieve a major breakthrough in certification and sales in 2018, while doubling sales as the material became national product.
2. Copperboard: a more stable pattern of industry competition, 5g commercial-led industrial upgrading, and a relatively stable pattern of global industry competition, with domestic high-end products still dominated by imports (ccl) as enhanced materials, such as pulp or fabric, immersed in resins, single-sided or double-faced copper
Peripheral, a product made of heat pressure. As a raw material for printed circuit boards (pcb), the good or bad quality of the coating boards has a significant impact on pcb performance. Figure 2: Physical chart of the sheet (left), structural chart (right)
Upstream in the copper-plate industry is mainly the copper, epoxy resins and fibreglass fabric industries, downstream is the printed circuit board industry, which ends with computers, communications, consumer electronics, automobiles, defense aviation, semiconductor seals, etc. Figure 3: Upstream and downstream in the copper-plate industry
The coatings can be divided into different categories according to different classification methods. By mechanical rigidity, they can be divided into two categories: rigid and scratched coatings, which are hard to bend and have a certain degree of hardness and resilience; and capricious coatings, which are coated with a capricious enhancement material (film) to electrolytize or pressurize the coating.
As a result, it has the advantage of bending to facilitate the assembly of electrical components, and changes in mechanical rigidity are mainly regulated by the use of resins and formulations. By way of enhanced material, the use of an enhanced material is described as a material base plate, the most commonly used classification. There are three types of rigid organic resin coatings: glass fibre.
According to the Prismark statistics, the global production of caps was 624 million square metres in 2017, an increase of 8.2 per cent in the same year and a production value of $12.139 billion, an increase of 19.1 per cent in the same year.
Of these, China is home to mainland China, which in 2017 was the world ' s top producer of 446 million square metres, an increase of 8.6 per cent in the same year, representing 71.36 per cent of global production and $8.037 billion in production, an increase of 21.5 per cent in the same year and 66.21 per cent in global production.
According to the Prismark statistics, the global copper sheet industry has a relatively stable pattern of competition, building chemical, bio-profit, technology and South Asian plastics in the world's top three copper-plating firms, whose share in the global market has increased steadily from year to year, reaching 38 per cent by 2017, and the top 10 firms in the world.
In recent years, China has seen a decline in imports and exports, as well as in the amount of the country as a whole, and a marked increase in the self-sufficiency of the industry. In 2018, China exported 938,000 tons, a decrease of 0.6 per cent in the same year, with exports of $594 million, a decrease of 0.3 per cent in the same year, and imports of 794,000 tons, a decrease of 7.1 per cent in the same year, and imports of $1,115 million, the same amount.
At the same time, China’s exports are far below the import price, mainly because Chinese exports continue to be dominated by low-end products and the supply of high-end products (such as high-frequency, high-speed, high-conducting, hot-cover copper) is inadequate and still need to be imported into foreign manufacturers.
Figure 4: Imports and exports of China ' s copper sheet (tonnes) Figure 5: Imports and exports of China ' s copper sheet (millions of United States dollars) Figure 6: Import and export unit prices of China ' s copper sheet (millions of United States dollars)
In the third-generation Partnership Plan (3gpp) agreement, the total spectrum resources of 5g can be divided into the following two fr (frequenccyrange):
The frequency range of fr1 is 450mhz to 6ghz, also known as sub6ghz, the frequency range of fr2 is 24ghz to 52ghz. Most of the electromagnetic wavelengths of the spectrum are millimetre wave sizes, the greatest disadvantages of the millimetre wave are penetrating, decaying, and in order to overcome the disadvantages of millimetre waves, the performance of 5g communications equipment for HF communications material is required.
The application of the millimetre wave technology for 5g communications equipment will accelerate the phase-out of normal medium- and low-frequency communications materials, and significantly increase the demand for high-frequency communications materials. On June 6, 2019, the Chinese Ministry of Trade and Finance officially issued a 5g license, marking China’s official entry into the 5g era.
China's three major telecommunications operators have obtained clearances for the 5g test frequency, China moved to the 2515mhz-2675mhz, 4800mhz-4900mhz frequency, China's telecommunications to the 3400mhz-3500mhz frequency, and China's connectivity to the 3,500mhz-3600mhz frequency, compared to the 4g signal frequency, 5g age
The frequency of communications signals has increased. However, the foreign situation is different. The United States Federal Communications Commission (fcc) has opened spectrum resources for 5g technology in high, medium and frequency bands, respectively, and approved 24,25-24,45ghz, 24.75-25.25ghz and 47.2-48.2ghz bands in 2017 for a total of 1700mhz spectrum resources for operational development in 5g;
The EU will use the 3400-3800 MHz frequency band as the main frequency for deployment up to 5g by 2020, and the 26ghz (24.25-27.5 ghz) frequency band will be explicitly deployed as the initial frequency for the 5g high frequency band in Europe. When the frequency of communication signals enters the millimetre wave phase, the traditional fibreglass epoxy resin (fr4) will gradually become high frequency.
(b) The medium constant (dk) must be small and stable, usually as small as possible, and the transmission rate of the signal inversely contrasts with the equal distribution of the material constant, which can easily cause delay in transmission.
2. The medium loss (df) must be small, which mainly affects the quality of the signal transmission, the loss of the medium, the loss of the signal. The medium constant (dk) is the ratio between the capacitors of the electrodes when charged with a substance and those of a vacuum capacitor of the same configuration, usually indicating the size of the capacity of a material to store electricity.
In swaps, the power capacity affects the speed of signal transmission, which is more pronounced in high-speed transmission devices. When dk is large, it means that the speed of signal transmission in the circuits is slower, and dk hours, which means that the storage capacity is small.
So, in high-frequency transmissions, medium constants are required to be low.
The difference between the volumes creates a certain angle, i.e. the tangent of the angle, i.e. the medium loss factor df, the energy loss caused by the delayed effects of medium conductivity and media polarization is called medium loss, the higher the df, the medium The more obvious the delay effect of electrode and media polarization, the more energy loss or signal loss is the energy loss of the medium.
As a copper-plating manufacturer, dk and df can be reduced by increasing materials, resin content, and resin. Fibre-enhanced materials are the main bearers of the strength of mechanics in composite materials, generally with a frequency higher than that of resins.
It also has a high volume content in composite materials and is therefore a major factor in determining the performance of composite intermediates. The bulk of the enhanced material used before this item is type e bobbles (dk = 6.6), with a high medium constant. In recent years, domestic and foreign enterprises have developed a new type e bobble-ne fabric, which has a medium constant (dk = 4.4) below e.
And other properties are similar to those of the e-cloths, and the use of the ne-cloths can further reduce the medium constant of the material. As the dk of the fabric is much greater than the dk. The glue content of the resin can be increased to the same thickness.
Lowers the number of dk of the fabric, which can reduce the amount of dk, but there is a limit to the amount of glue per unit of the sheet, which increases the amount of glue and changes in the process of production. The resins have a greater impact on the dk and df values of the base sheet material, and the currently used in the area of the coatings are as shown.
This indicates that there are significant differences in the dk/df values for different resins, with the highest dk/df values for epoxy resins and the smallest dk/df for ptfe. The process of epoxy resins is good, with many years of production applications, accumulated experience, and is now traditional
The pcb base plate is the most widely used. Polytetrafluoroethylene (ptfe) has the advantage of high electrical performance, chemical-resistant corrosion, heat-resistant, wide temperature range, low water-sorting, and with a small change in dk/df at a high frequency, it is very suitable as a high-speed digitized and high-frequency base plate. The ptfe base plate has low power consumption, intermediate power.
Low constants and small variations in temperature and frequency, close to the thermal inflating coefficient of the metal bronze, thus obtaining a wide range of advantages. High-frequency coatings require not only higher use of upstream raw materials, but also high processing accuracy in the production of the corrosion plates.
When the rate is getting higher, the electrons move on the surface of the conductor, rather than through the main body of the conductor, which requires a very smooth surface, which imposes a higher requirement for precision in the processing of the coating. Taken together, the upstream raw materials of the coatings include the electron bronze, resin, and boosters, and the 5g-year high-frequency copper plate.
Both raw materials and processing processes will change. For electron bronze, the surface of the bronze is required to be very smooth, with higher demands on the processing accuracy of the coatings; for resins, ptfe may replace epoxy resins as the main raw material for the high frequency boards; and for enhanced materials for the development of low-media constants are also essential for enhanced materials.
In the case of high-frequency copper plates, which are currently the most in demand in the market, industry giant Rogers began to invest continuously in the development of high-frequency microwave base plate materials in the 1950s; in the mid-1970s, his main short-bribled reinforced ptfe covers had better applications in the fields of military engineering and aviation; after the mid-1980s, Rogers had developed them.
Ceramic-filled ptfe cover and ceramic-filled high-frequency copper slabs, which set technical standards for the high-frequency copper-plate industry; in the early 1990s, the high-frequency cover sheet entered the period of commercial application development, with a focus on products; the market shifted to a private-goods market, represented by mobile communications; since the twentieth century, the high-frequency coatings have been moving through the market.
The credit sector has seen an outbreak of growth, and Rogers has successfully developed high-frequency and hydrocarbon-based coatings, which have been applied to base station antennas and power amplifiers systems and have effectively enhanced base station signal transmission performance; in recent years, Rogers has focused on the area of 5g communications and automobiles and successfully developed 5g high-frequency communications and vehicle milligrams.
The r03000 high-frequency copper plate of the Mipo radar is the new technology ruler in the current industry. With the exception of Rogers, the U.S. Taeconi, the Japanese pine electrician, the Japanese solar-made etc. have been working for years in the high-frequency high-speed copper coating field, with their own products.
3. Technology for profit: product upgrading leads to growth in corporate performance by 3.1 companies with higher collections and Māori ratio of products than their peers. Technology for profit is mainly engaged in designing, producing and marketing coatings and stickers, printing circuit boards and producing products for production purposes.
Single, double-area multilayered circuit boards. Company products are widely applied to 5g antennas, communications backbone networks, communications bases, large computers, routers, servers, mobile terminals, car electrons, smart homes, security, engineering controls, medical equipment, large display screens, led lighting and chip wrapping, and are acquired by leading manufacturers in various industries, such as industry.
In 2018, the company produced 8,860.36 million square metres of all types of copper, an increase of 8.28 per cent over the same period, and produced stickers.
12,168.10 million metres, an increase of 15.14 per cent in the same year, 1,041.72 million square feet for the production and printing of circuit boards, an increase of 9,767 million yuan in the same year, or 82.75 per cent of the total revenue, and 2,036 million yuan in the production of circuit boards, a steady annual increase in revenue from profit-generating technology, a slight annual increase in the Māori rate and relative stability in the net profitability of the company, Vy.
In comparison with the other companies in a share, the technology is not only much more productive, larger in size, and more profitable than other companies. According to the Company’s Five-Year Development Strategy 2016-2020, the company’s strategic objective is to achieve annual production of copper.
In the short term, the company ' s annual report for 2018 reveals its 2019 group business plan: The copper and glue sheets produced by technology for profit are mainly sold to downstream pcb companies for the production of printed circuit boards, and the pcb downstream applications are mainly in the areas of communications, servers, home power, consumer electronics and automobile electronics, of which the public is the public.
In the area of communications, the Division ' s products are mainly used in base stations, where future growth in corporate performance will come mainly from communications, with 4g base station equipment comprising three main components: base station processing module (bbu), remote radio frequency processing module (rru) and antenna systems, with antenna radio frequency boards and rru masters
The board is generally based on high frequency pcb boards, bbu is used mainly on high-speed pcb boards, individual 4g base stations have a value between $5,000 and $8000, and HF/high-speed coatings currently account for approximately 25 per cent of the value of pcb in individual base stations. 5g base stations will change their internal structure, and bbu is split into centralized units (cu) and distributed units (bu)
Two-tier architecture, rru and large-scale integrated antennas become active antenna aau, 5g base station medium high frequency pcb is expected to move towards full replacement of the general pcb board, leading to a exponential increase in demand for high frequency communications materials. The pcb in individual 5g base station is expected to be as high as 1.5-20 thousand yuan, about three times the 4g base station circuit board, and HF/
In the 5g era, the value of a single base plate was significantly higher than that of a 4g base station, while the coverage of a single base station was reduced by the higher frequency of 5g communications and the need for more 5g base stations to be able to reach 4g base stations.
The same network covers the same network. The White Paper on China ' s 5g Industry and Applied Development 2018, published by Said shares, foresees that the number of China ' s 5g base stations will be 1.1 to 1.5 times that of China ' s 4g base station. Refer to the construction of 4g base station in the country, according to Ministry of Trade and Communications statistics, as of 2018, 4g base station in China.
The number of stations reached 3.72 million, the 4g licence plate was issued on 4 December 2013, and the large-scale construction took place three years after the license plate was issued, i.e. from 2014 to 2016, the 5g license plate was issued on 6 June 2019, and the next three years (2020-2022) will be the prime time for the construction of the 5g base station.
It is expected that 2021 will mark the peak of the construction of the country's 5g base station, at which point the demand for high-frequency high-cover copper plates is expected to reach the supply end: the only national engineering and technology research centre in the industry has been set up for the benefit of technology, and the company has been entrusted with a number of national and local science and technology programmes and technological innovation projects to upgrade its research and development level: 2016
A full-scale process, technology and equipment solution for the production of high-frequency coatings has been acquired, leading to a major breakthrough in the technology for producing high-frequency copper plates. The company’s high-frequency plate production capacity is currently distributed mainly in Matsuyama Lake (Headquarters) and South Tong (Gangsu Special Materials for Life, Inc.), where the company produces 60,000 square metres per month of high-frequency copper plates in Matsuyama Lake: South China
A total production capacity of 1 million m2/year and a planned production capacity of 500,000 m2/year for phase two. 3.3 Companies actively deploy car electronics and corrosion coatings.
The Department has a special car panel factory, and with the rising consumer demand for car safety, comfort, and intelligence in the future, electronicization, informatization, networking, and intelligence will be the direction of automobile technology. Driven by the trend towards high electronicization of cars, car electronics have increased demand for the pcb product.
Pcb output has continued to grow, and according to Prismark, the output of pcb products in 2009 was 3.7 per cent of the total production of pcb, rising significantly to 9.1 per cent by 2017, and is expected to increase by 5.1 per cent annually, from 2017 to 2022, making it the fastest growing downstream application of pcb products.
The high frequency of circuits in cars, with a high frequency of 24\\77ghz, the pcb used, the materials of the coating board, the medium properties and the accuracy of the current product, will enhance the use of high frequency coatings in cars.
The fpc, with a production value of $12.63 billion, represents 20.50 per cent of global circuit board production. Since 2010, the fpc is also the most rapidly growing sub-product in pcb, while the prsmark is expected to grow by 3.5 per cent from 2017 to 2022.
In the area of scratched copper, the company purchased a full range of production lines, such as lig technology, processes and equipment, in 2016 and completed installation and acceptance of lig equipment in 2018, effectively enhancing the market competitiveness of soft-plated products.
fccl), 2l-fccl, also known as the glue-free scratching sheet, and 3l-fccl, also known as the sticky coating sheet. 2l-fccl has an advantage over the third layer of the scratching sheet in a number of performances, and due to the absence of epoxy or aglyglycene layers, it has developed rapidly due to such advantages as heat resistance, size stability, resistance, etc. 2l-fccl is mainly applied
The current availability of full screens for downstream cellular terminals, the growth of wearable equipment and the rise of foldable mobile phones will drive demand for scratching copper.
Volume-based production is dominated by continuous production of curls. 2l-fccl preparation processes are mainly coating, layer-pressure and splating, and process and application are shown in Table 9.The advantage of coating production processes compared to production processes of layer-based pressure is the following:
It can be adapted to the formulation and structure of needs, and performance indicators such as dk, df, volume, heat, cte, etc. can be adapted to the different design needs of the client and can therefore constitute differences; 2, copper beak selection can be widely selected, and the roughness of coatings can be varied, and there are many options for less demanding applications.
But it is possible to compete for cost differentials by using hard-coated copper. In terms of production capacity, the fccl of production of lacquer techniques already has a serious excess capacity problem in mainland China. As large screen phones become more demanding in terms of characterization of their size, the coating process will become the dominant production process in the future.
The technology for profit was preceded by a partial scratching of copper plate production capacity of about 15-16 million square metres/year, concentrated mainly in Eastern Pine Hills Lake, where production processes are stair-pressureed, production costs are high, and must use pi-films that are almost monopolized by Dubon and Chungbubun: in 2016, the company purchased coated production lines from lg and used coating methods for producers.
Art, with a capacity of approximately 4.5 million square metres/year, installation of lig equipment was debugging and acceptance completed in 2018, and with the production of this component, the scratching copper sheet business is expected to become a new growth point in the company ' s future performance. 3.4 Companies have been generating electronic profits for many years from the company ' s gold medal core suppliers.
In 2012, the company negotiated with the ttm composing the acquisition of profit-producing electronics, which ended in 2013 and became fully-owned subsidiaries of the company, 12.873 per cent of the company ' s shareholding of the profit-producing electronics in 2016 was transferred to the profit-producing electronic management and its core employee ' s partnership, and in 2017, the profit-producing electronics introduced 1.5 per cent of its replenishment to the Togashi City State Hirondor Investment Company Ltd.
Millions of dollars, so far, the company holds 78.67% of the share in the profitable electronics. The profit electronics are dominated by a telecommunications board, and downstream customers are mainly world-renowned manufacturers of telecommunications equipment.
• The Merit Performance Award, awarded by the wave of “Suppliers of Excellence Award 2017”, fully recognized by downstream clients for their products and technical capabilities.
In 2018, 1,041.72 million square feet were printed, a 5.52 per cent increase in the same year, 10,752,000 square feet were sold and printed, a 10.63 per cent increase in the same year. According to the latest announcement on technology, a new generation of energy will be invested in Gian, with an annual capacity of 700,000 square metres (7.5 million square metres)
In the second cycle, 1.1 million square metres (12 million square feet), the product structure is dominated by a large volume of medium- and high-end perforated perforated boards, and downstream applications are concentrated in the areas of wireless communications, servers, and car electronics. The project is fully operational and is expected to contribute $1,085 million, with a total profit of $188 million and a net profit of $160 million.
In the future, as the volume of 5g base stations and the use of pcb in car electronics increases, the likelihood of downstream demand for company products keeps up, and the main factor determining the company ' s performance is the supply side, that is, the build-up of the company ' s capacity, which from 2016 to 2016 continues to be at a high level, while the high-frequency capacity of the company ' s product is at a higher level.
Very few, and not separately, are the output of high-frequency, high-speed and other products, and according to the company ' s future capacity-building plan, the production and collection of the company ' s various products are projected as follows:
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.