5g HFccl core, growing faster than cycle In-depth study of technology for profit (600183.sh) Corporate rating: increase in holdings (first time)
The ccl is growing faster than the cycle, and the 5g period will drive up the high frequency ccl volume. The logic of the ccl growth is derived from the robust growth of downstream pcb and the shift in the production chain, and it is expected that the pcb global and GDP cagr will rise over the next three years.
The trend is expected to continue at 3.7/4.4 per cent, with domestic increases exceeding global levels. The ccl concentration (73 per cent of cr.10) is much higher than pcb (30 per cent of cr.) and, in the current upward cycle, industry bargaining power brings down prices, while at the same time passing down prices.
Increase your profit margin and dilute your cycle properties. In the future, with 5g capital peaks, the research assistant: Wei Daeji, HFccl is expected to rise in volume, and base station pulls ccl market sizes.
The company benefits from the industry when it has been in a state of business.
At the mid-to-high end. With the rapid growth in the size of the harvest, the 10-year net profit cagr qualifies the company for portfolio investment consultancy, 22.91%, with the impact of scale highlighting both the role of price transfer, public sector, and public sector.
The Division's profit margin has been rising since 12 years, with a profit level of 3. The future is a combination of technology and capacity, with both companies. From high-frequency ccl layouts and research and development inputs, the U.S. Rogers, the company's technology level.
The gap is gradually narrowing. In terms of capacity, the company ranks second, with a gap of only about 10% from the build-up floor, but the company ' s high-value-added products are clearly stronger than its rivals.
The core of production substitution, compared to the world's leading companies, is that the core of the company's strength lies in the combined power of technology and capacity, with future growth in capacity growth plus single goods.
First, price transfer weakens the cyclical properties, HFccl is the dominant demand for the future, and the trend of robust downstream growth will continue.
The growth logic of the copper sheet stems from downstream pcb, which is widely used as a guarantee of robust growth. The pcb is the cornerstone of all electronics. The last cycle of growth began with an outbreak of 4g commercial and smartphones, smart wear products, and the traditional consumer electronics industry is now tending to have limited growth drivers for the pcb industry.
At the same time, new downstream applications such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence and object networking, 5g communications technology, automobile electronics, etc. The application market has become a driving engine for the continued growth of pcb, with refined demand driving the development of pcb in a more environmentally friendly, high-frequency, high-speed, high-conductor heat, high-size stability, etc.
The domestic pcb grew far more globally, and the industrial chain continued to shift to the domestic sector, benefiting from the copper sheet industry. The global pcb industry experienced a brief adjustment in 2015-2016, starting with a warming of the industry in 2017. According to Prismark, global and mainland China ' s total production of pcb in 2018 amounted to $62.396 billion, respectively.
32.702 billion dollars, representing an increase of 6/10 per cent over the previous year ' s previous year, of which the share of pcb production in mainland China was 52.4 per cent of total world pcb output, which is expected to reach $63.727 billion in 2019, $74.756 billion in 2023 and global and Chinese output in 2018-2023.
The continent’s pcb gross product will be 3.7/4.4%, respectively, and has been rising steadily over the years. With its unique cost and location advantages, China’s continent is now the world’s largest production base for pcb, and the growth rate is expected to continue.
Lower-stream pcb demand has led to the growth of domestic copper-plating firms. Currently, the global copper-plating industry competes fully, with the share of the global market in the ccl sector being largely divided by 21 firms in 2017, including 7 firms, with a combined global output of 33%, 5 intracontinental firms, 4 day-to-day firms, and 3 United States dollars.
One company, one company, and one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company, one company.
58%, higher concentration. Technology for profit ranks second in the world at $1.52 billion in output. 2 Price transfer capabilities and bargaining power dilute cycle properties clearly. The upstream raw material industry directly influences the cost of the plate in copper production.
The share of bronze is relatively high, at about 50%, and is the primary influence on the end of the material. The price of bronze is derived from the price of copper and the cost of processing, and the trend in lme indicates that copper prices have continued to decline from 2010 to mid-2016. The price of bronze has gradually started to rise in 2016, mainly because of the following: 1)
The State supports the new energy policy, the high demand for lithium copper and the influx of electron copper with power (which can be converted); 2) the tightening of environmental policies, the continuation of closures and forced evictions, and the further tightening of supply; and (3) the rising demand, but the cycle of expansion of copper has usually been over one year. On the basis of these three points, we believe that it is expected that
In the future, copper prices will remain constant. The cost of copper is relatively low among the company’s raw materials disclosed in the 17-year bulletin. The price of epoxy resin is on the rise at the same time as the price of bovine fabric.
Demand has increased significantly, and the growth in infrastructure investment and construction, such as container and ship construction and bridges, has further boosted the demand for epoxy resin from paint, which has remained at high prices since 16 years of the current upward cycle, owing to downstream demand and chemical plant accidents.
As a result of intensity and insulation, the price growth of bovine fabrics is mainly due to higher prices of chemical raw materials and energy, as well as the demand for downstream wind power, thermal plastics, etc., coupled with a tightening of environmental policy, which has led to the retreat of some of the manufacturers.
The copper board industry can reach more than 70%, while pcb, because of its different customer characteristics downstream, needs to produce products tailored to the needs of a particular industry, with a concentration much lower than the copper sheet, which is only 30%.
In the process, cost fluctuations can be effectively shifted downstream. The typical cyclical companies are the interaction between production capacity and supply and demand, and the demand for downstream copper is growing.
Prices have increased six times in a year, and major companies, such as technology for profit, and the King’s National Chronicle, have reached the second highest level in history. As can be seen, the overcoat industry can be effective in upstream price increases, sending it downstream, while raising its profitability.
3. The long-term deficit of ccl imports and exports, with the volume of high-frequency products rising during the 5g period, has long been in the trade deficit, and import and export prices have shown the opposite. Domestic firms have been in the trade deficit for a long period of time as production and value have increased.
In terms of the number of single-month exports and imports, exports are higher than 30-50% of imports, while the volume of imports and exports as a whole is on a downward trend, indicating that products that would otherwise have been imported are gradually being replaced by national production at the end of domestic demand.
The difference is more than double in total value, with a marked division at the mid-to-high end, with an export/import unit price difference of almost double. In 2018, the average price of our exports of the copper coatings was US$ 0.64 million per ton, and the average import price was US$ 13,000 per ton, which can be seen as double the price of our exports.
The main reasons are higher unit prices, high value added, high profitability, and domestic dependence on imports; while most domestic exports are dominated by middle-end products, there is a large difference in unit value. Because of the high technical barriers to high-end copper plates, only a small number of domestic firms have access to them.
Companies with sustained and large R & D inputs and guaranteed capacity can have larger import substitutions, with 5g commercial landings and higher HFccl volumes. As the 5g construction period reaches its peak, the demand for high end pcb products at the radio frequency end will increase significantly, with the resulting copper overlaying of the core material.
High-frequency high-speed and wear-and-depletion requirements. High-frequency high-speed copper panels are required at 4g base stations, mainly from the power magnifiers of rru, while the rest are based on the relative base of fr-4. High-frequency high-speed panels, backboards, and pa circuits are used at 5g base stations with the antenna reflectors of du and aau.
The medium constant needs to be stabilized in a state that minimizes the loss of power in the medium. The maximum demand is also increased by the high-frequency high-speed copper sheeting from base station antenna mimo antenna expansion. The 5g base station will use the massvemimo multitenant technology, and the radio frequency unit rru and the antenna will be combined into aau.
The total number of stations will reach about 1.2-1.5 times the 4g base station, with a promising breakthrough of 5 million, while the 5g microbase number is conservatively estimated to be more than double the macro base. Thus, the 5g era has accelerated the demand for high-frequency coatings and the additional base site side demand will boost the production demand of more than ccl20 billion.
1.25 times, or 5 million, and the number of micro-based stations is 10 million; the elements of pcb in the base station include au radio frequency, auu antenna, buu tablet, buu backboard, with a total base station using pcb surface, with an average of 2 m2, at an average price of RMB 7,000/m2 and pcb per base station of 5 g
For $14,000, based on the number of 5 million macro-based stations, the total value is more than $70 billion. cll costs about 30-40% of pcb. In total, the 5g-based stations can directly lift the size of the ccl demand, which is about $21-28 billion.
ii. The company is the first bronze firm in the country, representing 5g HFLs,1 and three decades of deep farming dedicated to the mid-to-high end, with capacity multiplying 147 times the world’s capacity in the 20th and 33th years, and international standards for middle-to-high-end matches.
A core supplier of global electronic circuit-based materials for development, production, marketing, and service as one. The company’s 30-year-old deep-cultivated copper sheeting area has grown from 600,000 square metres of annual production from the start of the plant to the present, to more than 88.6 million square metres in 2018, an increase of almost 147 times, according to the United States’ prismmark.
Research institutions' statistics and rankings on hard copper sheets worldwide have jumped from 2013 to 2017 to the second-largest total sales of hard copper sheets. While increasing production capacity, companies are working on the development and production of high- and medium-end copper sheets, with core technologies recognized by downstream customers.
The main products of the company are the coatings, glue sheets, and printed circuit boards, where the business is the firm’s absolute main business, accounting for more than 80% of the total; pcb operations are mainly concentrated in the electronics of the subsidiary, which is around 18%.
In terms of concentration, it would be useful for companies to focus on this segment and to improve their research and development levels and distribution channels over the long term. In 2011, the National Centre for Research on Engineering of Electronic Circuit-based Materials and the Centre for the Production of Soft Photo-based Materials were formed, with a large-scale specialized laboratory on ccl, which actively led the development of relevant international standards, countries and countries.
Domestic and industry standards are representative of high-end copper plates. Downstream markets include space, automobiles, consumer electronics, medical care, industrial controls, etc., thereby smoothing down the landscape of a particular industry to the extent that companies have a wide range of product coverage, with differentiated product positioning highlighting their dominant position.
We have a long history of trade deficits, mainly due to a lack of high-end, value added products, from which we have a high-end orientation of technology products, with a large number of Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Russian, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Chinese.
Big clients such as Nokia, Bo and others are the most promising ones in terms of technological breakthroughs and substitution for national production. 2, The background of state shareholders, stable equity structure East, Guangnex Group Limited (16.55 per cent), unregistered stock pledges, large shareholders
The inter-State control is the People’s Government of Guangdong Province, and companies rely on the background of State capital to facilitate the long-term development of the Department’s subsequent operations at the shareholder level.3
Corporate business is concentrated on the first level, and revenue and profits are growing rapidly. The company ' s income has increased from 566 million yuan to 11,891 million yuan in 20 years on the market: net profits have increased from 73 million yuan to 1 billion yuan. The main reason for the growth in income and net profits is the concentration of business on the copper ceiling and related basic electronic components, thereby expanding production.
Scale, increase R & D inputs, and move the product from the lower to the lower end. In the future, the price of the coated copper sheet products will rise, demand will increase, and firm performance will be more certain.
In the following two points: 1) companies are expanding their productive capacity, with significant economies of scale and operational synergies; 2) companies are positioned at the middle and high end of the copper sheet product, with sustained increases in R & D spending, and firm product pricing and profitability are increasing markedly. Net corporate interest rates remain stable, with less volatility depending on internal and external factors.
The upward trend is a reflection of better operational capacity. Thirdly, technology-plus production barriers make it difficult to replicate the core competitiveness of companies. 1. From a technical point of view, high-frequency copper-plate technology of companies is moving closer to the first echelon.
The future trend in the copper sheet is still technology-oriented, with high technical barriers to high-end product production. The future trend in the copper sheet is mainly in the following areas: 1) environmental compliance with rohs, non-lead compatibility, non-halogenation, etc.; 2) lighter portability, lightweight high intensity, scratching, hdi; 3) data transmission rate is increasing.
The faster they come, the more powerful they are, such as high-frequency high-speed coatings of copper; 4) adaptation to more complex environments (large area, high heat resistance, high tg materials, resistant to corrosion, low cte); according to Prismark, currently epoxy resin (fr-4) continues to be the most productive application in the category of breakdowns and has reached high maturity.
The gap between companies and high-frequency leader Rogers is closing, and research and development costs and patents are far higher than domestic ones.
All right. High-frequency coatings can mainly satisfy the stable transmission quality of high-frequency signals, depending on the stability of three parameters: the medium constant (dk), the loss factor (df) and the characteristic resistance (z0), with core technical skills in terms of formulation materials and manufacturing levels. Rogers, a United States company, has technical skills in high-frequency coatings.
It's an absolute advantage, with a long-term market share of more than 50% of the high-frequency copper plate. Technology for profit is located mainly in high- and medium-end products in the domestic market, with constant input from research and development, and core product indicators differ from foreign leaders. Companies set up subsidiaries to specialize in high-frequency ccl and buy technology packages from abroad to make up for the shortfall.
The Jiang So Seong Special Materials Company was set up, mainly for high frequency ccl research and development. Phase I of the project, with a planned capacity of 1 million square metres per year and 500,000 square metres per year for phase II. The product types included ptfe and hydrocarbon resinccl. The first phase of the project was launched in March of this year.
The full package of process, technology and equipment solutions that emerged as ptfe products, which emerged as the largest producer of ptfe copper plates in Japan, has again accelerated the progress of companies in the core high-frequency cll technology.2 In terms of capacity, companies are now ranked second in the world, with targeted expansion achieving a misaligning competition.
In the context of technological advancement, continued expansion meets downstream demand, and capacity matching is an important element of competitiveness. At present, the capacity and the city to build the slabs is ranked first in terms of capacity, second in terms of productivity, and about 10% in terms of productivity. On the other hand, it is worth mentioning that there is a difference in output.
12%), but the two products are located differently, and the build group is positioned as medium- and low-end products plus large shipments, and there is no large-scale high-frequency (HF) clll layout, and companies have seen in recent years a clear bias towards high-frequency (HF) products in terms of R & D and new plants, allowing for misalignment.
The company produced a total of 88.6 million square metres per year, an increase of 8.28 per cent in the same year; 12.16 million metres per year, an increase of 15.14 per cent per year; and 1,041,000 square feet per year, an increase of 5.52 per cent per year, for the production of pcb. In 2018, the company completed the installation and acceptance of lig equipment and completed the construction of the South Chinaton Special Materials Plant.
It is expected that in 2019 the company will achieve its strategic goal of producing more than 100 million square meters per year. The future copperboard industry is a combination of technology and capacity, both of which are prepared from high-frequency ccl products.
As far as layout and R & D inputs are concerned, companies are already leading the country at the technical level. For the United States, Rogers, the technology gap is narrowing, but the company’s capacity is much higher.
On the right or the left, but the company’s high value-added products are clearly stronger than its rivals. Compared to Rogers and the two leading companies on the board, the firm’s core advantage is that technology and capacity are strong combined, and future growth points in terms of increased production capacity and increased value added for the monolith.
Copperboards and stickers. Copperboards and stickers are the company’s core business, with more than 80% of the main business, and the company’s capacity and technology have continued to rise in recent years. Assuming that the pcb industry is growing steadily downstream, the ccl industry is growing at a slower rate.
To maintain 10%: Disaggregate high-frequency high-speed products to accelerate growth with 5g commercials. In the next two phases of Xijiang capacity, a total of 30 million square metres per year, with a total investment of 2 billion yuan, further expansion of production is expected by the end of 2019 along with the Kanxi and Guangdong regions, and 130 million square metres of copper sheet production is expected to be achieved by the end of 2020
The cost price of raw materials is on the rise, downstream prices are spread well, and companies are simultaneously expanding their intelligent production lines, and production efficiency is expected to increase further, taking into account the size and cost of the company's operations. The company's printed circuit board operations are largely e-contributive to the subsidiaries.
The previous year saw an increase of 10.63 per cent over the same period, but a decline in sales of 209h1 was 15.46 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year.In August 19 the company was proposed to invest 2.5 billion yuan in expansion in Gian, with an annual capacity of 700,000 square metres, which is expected to be released in mid-2020 and 1.1 million square metres in the second cycle, and the pace of delivery is demand-driven.
According to companies listed in the same industry, the technology is chosen as a comparable public authority. For the benefit of the technology, the country’s bronze caps are the leading companies, which will increase the demand for high-frequency ccl with 5g commercial landings, the technology of products will continue to grow, and the potential space for future operations will be enormous from the point of view of industry.
To see, price transfer and downstream bargaining are more powerful, and, from a firm's point of view, profit technology is an absolute domestic leader, and at the technical level it can take the lead in international first-classing. The first coverage gives “empowering” companies price transfer in the cycle of price increases in raw materials, though they can be priced through product price increases, if
The rise in raw materials was more than expected, and downstream acceptance of price increases was capped. 2,5g development was less than expected than the construction of 5g for some of the company ' s high-frequency products, which was in 2019, but with the level of feedback from the market.
The development process is not as risky as expected, unlike capital inputs.3.pcb does not grow as fast as is expected, as some downstream industries, such as consumer electronics, are slowing down, and companies are downstream in the pcb sector.
The report’s analytical logic is based on one’s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.