New material north of NTW (000786.sz)
In the cycle, it is expected that Davis will double-shoot, with a 60% or more market share in the limeboard industry, and the new North is the lead industry in the green construction of new materials and assembly-based construction.
The middle sheeting, the world's largest cardboard industry group, is the world's first-largest in capacity (2.265 billion square metres, 36.5-4.1 million square metres) and currently has over 60% of the market share in the country.
Mountain is one of the two brands under the company's flag, with the "Long Card" card located at the high end of the market, the "Taisan card" fixed stock + incremental + penetration rate, and the need for the cardboard is expected to continue to grow, and at the demand end, in the stock market, a new second renovation cycle will drive the cardboard.
Demand growth: Real estate investment in the incremental market is still strong, and we expect more than 5% growth in housing investment in 18 years, thus driving the need for gypsum. In addition, policies such as the development of assembly buildings, the construction of the “Yun An” zone, etc., further release space for demand, and the ointment board is being infiltrated as a wall material.
In terms of international comparison, our per capita consumption of cast boards was about 2 square metres/person/year in 2016, with a large gap between developed countries (10 square metres/person/year in the United States, 8 square metres/person/year in Japan). As consumption awareness changed and the country became aware of new construction materials.
With the support of development, our per capita consumption of cast boards is expected to increase gradually, with the phasing out of backward capacity plus the restriction on the import of scrap paper, and the possibility that the price of cast plates will rise, benefiting from the sustained growth in demand and the contraction of the supply side, and by superseding the oligopoly patterns in the industry, we,
The price of the gypsum is expected to rise further in 2018. There are four main factors influencing this: (a) the withdrawal of the production capacity of the industry, which is lagging behind: (b) the import of waste paper, which increases the cost of paper protection: (c) changes in the source of raw materials and the loss of competitiveness of small plants; and (d) the full implementation of the “2+26” urban construction season.
The cut-off will promote further concentration in the gypsum industry, increasing the market price-fixing rights of tap companies, and the price of the gypsum will likely continue to rise in 2018. Three major initiatives will build core competitiveness.
Industrial by-product gypsum resources; (2) the company owns its own cardboard production plant, which effectively controls the impact of price fluctuations in the original materials.2 The company now has 65 slab production bases in more than 20 provinces and cities in the country, with more than 300 marketing networks in large and medium-sized cities and developed regions.
There are more than 2,000 companies with distributors in the city. 3. The company has set up a new North Academy of Sciences, a research and development system on high-performance, green-smart architecture, and the next generation of high-performance, green-smart architecture.
On the domestic front, in the first half of 2017, the company developed a new version of the gypsum industry layout plan, which aims to expand the gypsum production to 3 billion square metres.
A new round of energy release and expansion. In addition to the rapid expansion of capacity, and thanks to improved supply and demand patterns in the industry, the capacity utilization rate of companies has also increased considerably in 17, and as of December 2017, as far as the third country is concerned, the company set up its first project outside the country to produce cast boards – new construction in the north.
Tseng (Tanzania), with an annual capacity of 9 million square meters, marks the company’s full-scale opening of a globalized industry.
The biggest enterprise, with a greater elasticity in the price of its products, is now, according to our neutral projections, 18 years of pe only 12 x, as a white horse head in the building materials field, with room for improvement in valuation, and the risk of corporate loss from litigation: the loss of the American cast board litigation could lead to a larger company.
On the demand side, there is a strong need for gypsums in the stock market, both in the stock market and in the incremental market. The stock market, 20 years after the change in the housing stock in 1998, is expected to lead to a new round of renovations in 2018-2019, based on a 10-year renovation cycle, which is expected to lead to an increase in the demand for gypsums. In the incremental market, real estate investment in 2017 remained strong, at around 8%, and we were at 18 years of premises.
In addition, as a result of the gradual withdrawal of backward capacity and policies to support the development of assembly-style buildings and the construction of the “Yung An Shin” zone, the penetration rate of the cast sheet as a wall material is expected to continue to rise. In 2016, our per capita consumption of the gypsum sheet was about 2 square metres/person/year, with a large gap between developed countries (10 square metres/person/year in the United States, 8 square metres/person/year in Japan).
On the supply side, the supply side has been influenced by a policy of continuous contraction in the supply of gypsum plates. Ten million square metres/year-old cardboard production lines have been classified as phase-out, leaving the market “2+26” city's cardboard production base for the full production of faulty peaks, and the heating season has been completely shut down, directly reducing production in the north of China.
With regard to the demand side and the supply side, we believe that the price of the cardboard industry is expected to continue to rise in the coming year, mainly for the following four reasons:
In August 2017, unsorted scrap paper was listed in the Catalogue of Prohibitions on the Import of Solid Wastes. Restrictions on the import of scrap paper will directly affect the supply of face paper raw materials, leading to higher prices and lower production of raw materials, which will further boost the price of gypsum plates.
3. The Ministry of Environmental Protection’s requirement to apply for permission to import scrap paper for processing is no less than 300,000 tonnes/year, which essentially severs the access of small paper mills to imported scrap paper, which is the only way for small factories to maintain production. The rapid rise in national waste prices has led to the loss of competitiveness of small paper mills, and the greater power of large plants in pricing.
The “2+26” urban heatout will inevitably lead to a decline in the supply of gypsum boards, drive up prices, and companies, as industry leaders, will benefit from higher performance as a result of rising prices. At the corporate level, firms are expected to enter a new cycle of expansion, with a significant increase in capacity utilization.
1. In terms of production capacity, the company is currently the world ' s largest cardboard producer, with 65 production bases nationwide, with a total of 2,165 million square metres in 2017. In the first half of 2017, the company developed a new round of cardboard industry layout plans to expand the cardboard capacity to 3 billion square metres, with a new round of expansion of capacity expected to occur in 2018-2019 in order to achieve a 3 billion-dollar production plan.
Large increases. Based on the current pattern of tight supply and demand in the gypsum industry, the company’s capacity utilization is expected to increase further.
(c) Risk of fluctuations in the prices of raw materials;
(b) Risk of downside real estate investments.
The North is the leading industry in the green construction industry of new materials and assembly, producing mainly high-end, medium-grade gypsums, the world ' s largest gypsum industry group, which has the world ' s largest capacity (2,265 million square metres) and currently owns over 60 per cent of the country ' s market share.
The “green architecture six elements” were proposed: safety, energy efficiency, environmental protection, low carbon, comfort, ecology, from raw materials, production, products, to transport, construction, applications, recycling, building a life-cycle green building industry chain for all types of buildings.
The company is the only China State Council-approved company in the construction materials industry, the China Industry Award Corporation and the Ministry of Industry and Communications, which identified the "China Industrial Quality Standard Enterprise" and the Ministry of Science and Technology as the State-level innovative enterprise known as the Xinhua Society's National Brand Communication.
One of the 14 first companies selected by the project is China’s few high-end, autonomous brands that outperform foreign capital in terms of the benefits of quality technology in all its dimensions. The two brands of Dragon and Tarzan are under the company’s flag, with two brands of gypsums and panels located differently, the Dragon card plate is located in high-end markets, and the Tarzan card is located in low- and medium-end markets.
In recent years, the company has been the Beijing Olympic Games, Shanghai World Expo, Beijing apec Conferences, the U-town World Internet Congress, and the World Internet Conference.
The construction of sites such as the Hangzhou International Exhibition Centre, the Hangzhou State Hotel in Lake West, Hangzhou, etc., provides products such as gypsum plates and light steel bones. According to statistics, 90% of landmarks and State architectural awards were awarded to buildings across the country, and the company worked actively and strategically with real estate developers and decorators, successively and in China, contemporary stores, and poetry.
The company, as the largest cardboard producer, is able to fully benefit from the expansion of demand for high-quality building materials from its producers. The North New Group Building Materials Inc. was issued by North New Building Ltd. in May 1997.
On 6 June 1997, the company was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. In March 2005, the company acquired 42% of Shan Dongtai and (i.e. Tarzan) as its first shareholder, generating 350 million m2 of cardboard capacity, which became the entire Chinese cardboard industry in terms of brand, quality, technology and size.
In 2008, the company ' s cast board produced 560 million square metres per year, making it the largest gypsum department in Asia. In 2012, the company produced 1.65 billion m2 per year, making it the world ' s largest gypsum company.
The company’s controlling shareholders are China Construction Materials Ltd., with 35.73% of the share. China’s construction materials are leading companies in the Chinese construction industry, mainly in cement, light construction materials, fibreglass and composite materials, engineering services and international engineering companies that provide glass and cement production line design and engineering services.
The real control is China Construction Materials Group Ltd., with a total assets of nearly 600 billion yuan, with a total of 250,000 employees and 500 Chinese companies, which ranks 74th out of the total. The company's main operations include technological research and development, production and marketing of new building materials and products, new houses, cement and products, fibreglass and products, composite materials and products.
The main products produced by the new North, which account for more than 80 per cent of the company's revenues, include cardboard, light steel dragon bones, roasted dragon bones, mineral cotton sorbent boards, rock cotton, granular cotton, coatings, steel plate heat radiators, hardware, gold plate, cement tiles, styles, doors and windows.
The gypsum plates are the company’s most important product, and more than 80% of the company’s income comes from the gypsum. They are currently commonly used with a thickness of 9.5 mm and 12 mm, and are widely used in the field of top-up decorations. The gypsum plates produced by the company are in the construction and construction of various buildings in the commercial and public sectors, such as homes, industrial establishments, hotels, hotels, stadiums, writing buildings, etc.
Chart 9: Company gypsum products and appliance diagrams, by method of production, which includes cardboard, fibre gypsum, empty-heart gypsum boards, etc.
(b) The gypsum plate is mainly a cardboard cardboard, which accounts for about 80 per cent of the total production of the gypsum.
• Paper cast board • Common plate • Fibrous cast board
• Water-resistant board — empty-heart gypsum plate — fire-resistant board
The second-largest product of the company, the light steel bone, is a building material used to support the shape, the fixed structure, usually fitted.
Since its inception, income and profits have continued to grow and the company's performance has increased for two main reasons: first, because of the increase in the volume of the gypsum since the second quarter of 2017; and second, because of the increase in the price of the gypsum.
The company’s Māori rate and net interest rates have been steady in recent years, green environmental characteristics + good policy, gypsum plates are promising, and the company’s industry is a lightweight new construction material manufacturing industry. New construction materials are based on traditional building materials.
New building materials require two characteristics: they are time-sensitive and meet the requirements of modern buildings; and they are energy-efficient, environmentally friendly and ecologically friendly.
In 2013, the National Development and Reform Commission published the Directory of Guidance on Industrial Restructuring (2011 edition) (amended) to include new types of walls and housing materials in the category of industries that encourage development in the country. In 2016, the national government departments issued successive policy papers to strengthen efforts to limit the expansion of the production capacity of the traditional construction industry, which is “high energy consumption, high pollution, high emissions” and calls for the promotion of green.
Coloured buildings and building materials. Thanks to environmental pressures and industrial policy support, the new building materials industry has a wide market space and is expected to develop rapidly.
The gypsum is primarily used as a source of gypsum, which is used to form cores of suitable assistive materials, and is firmly embedded in facepapers. The gypsum production process includes clinker preparation, preparation measures, and mixing, transport, drying, and stacking.
Constructions such as factories, hotels, hotels, gymnasiums, writing buildings, etc. while traditional building materials have energy-efficient, fire-resistant, sound-proofing, earthquake-resistant, lightweight and economic advantages, industrial by-product gypsum is used as the main raw material for the recycling of industrial waste.
It is a green energy-efficient and environmentally friendly product that is part of the new building materials that the government is actively promoting. In our home decorations, gypsums are widely used in ceiling decorations, few in the area of fences, and there is much room for greater penetration.
In 2016, our per capita consumption of cast boards was about 2 square metres per person/year, compared to developed countries (10 square metres in the United States).
There is a big difference between rice/person/year, and 8 square metres/person/year in Japan. As consumption awareness shifts and the country supports the development of new building materials, the per capita consumption of the gypsum as a green and green building material will be in line with the four main directions of the future demand for the gypsum, which we believe will be mainly in the future market.
The following areas: (1) construction of new housing units (2) renovation of existing housing units; in the construction of new dwellings, the use of plaster plates in commercial and public buildings in the country at present is low. Reference is made to the ratio of 80 per cent of the use of cast boards in housing in developed countries and taking into account the 10 per cent of the new construction area in the country.
At about the rate of increase, we believe that the use of gypsum boards in the construction of new dwellings has wider scope for development.The data from the National Statistical Office show that the rate of urbanization in 2016 was 57.35 per cent, and according to the National Population Development Plan (2016-2030) published by the State Council, the rate of urbanization of the resident population will reach 60 per cent by 2020.
Rural construction is now also progressing towards a fully functional, well-equipped and environmentally sound “breathing house.” The advancement of urban chemicals and new rural construction will provide a vast space for the development of new construction industries, and will lead to the renovation of existing buildings in the construction industry, which, according to estimates of the size of the buildings that have been built in the country over the years, will provide the country with an inventory.
More than 50 billion square metres of housing, usually with a maintenance cycle of 8 to 10 years for commercial housing, 5 years for public buildings, and about 5 billion square metres per year for renovations based on the frequency of 10 years of renovations. The gypsum is a green new building material that meets national environmental requirements, and the renovation of buildings will be carried out as well.
The construction of buildings in the country and the speed with which they have been built are important directions for the future development of the gypsum.
The gypsum sheet can be used extensively for indoor ceilings and wall-blocking materials, but at present it is used mainly for ceilings, with less than 30% of the gypsum used for walls. In developed countries, 80% of the gypsum is used for wall materials. The gypsum sheet is used as a green, green building material for wall protection, sound-proofing, earthquake-proof, etc.
The promotion of steel structures has helped to increase their osmosis.
In March 2016, the State Council's Government Work Report proposed that “green buildings and materials should be actively promoted, and steel structures and fittings developed”.
The government has also continued to issue letters calling for the promotion of steel structures and the establishment of steel structures as a proportion of the new construction area. The steel structures have the characteristics of “energy-efficient, environmentally friendly, earthquake-resistant, sustainable development.”
The requirements for building materials are the dominant trend in the world's advanced buildings. The company's main product, the gypsum, is the new type of wall material that is important in the construction of the steel structure, and the ointment of the gypsum is expected to increase further as the State increases its support for the construction of the gypsum.
In 2016, the construction of houses was 1,061 million square metres, of which 772 million square metres, or 72.8 per cent, were completed.
In addition, since the wall is the main area of application for future gypsums, compared to the ceiling, we have carried out a scenario analysis of the market space for wall materials in the residential sector. For the purposes of the calculation, the following assumptions have been made:
The wall is approximately 65 per cent of the building area, and the interior wall is about 2.6 times the building area, with a 50 per cent ratio of the interior wall. Under a neutral projection, we assume that the gypsum is applied to the housing area by 30 per cent of the wall material.
The market space for wall materials is about 435 million square meters. Given the low penetration of the gypsum in the wall material, we believe that the company’s gypsum will have much room for future development.
As a result of the policy, we believe that the following four main reasons will promote greater concentration in the gypsum industry, adding to the company’s market-based pricing rights, and that the price of the gypsum is expected to rise in 2018.
In March 2011, the DRC released the Directory of Guidance on Industrial Restructuring (2011 edition), which classified the production of new wall materials and the development and manufacture of technical equipment using industrial by-product gypsum as an incentive category and 30 million square metres per year.
The line of production of the cardboard sheet is classified as restricted, and 10 million square metres/year/year of the cardboard line is classified as naughty. All cardboard production line production capacity is 10 million square metres/year, less affected by this policy. But this adjustment will gradually phase out production line of 10 million square metres/year-olds, thus affecting a small group of producers.
The exit of the industry’s backward capacity can release the demand space for the company’s new capacity, further entrench the company’s industrial leader, increase the company’s market ownership, and increase its pricing power. Importing waste paper, pushing up price increases for paper protection.
In July 2017, the Ministry of the Environment officially informed the World Trade Organization that China would no longer receive foreign garbage, including waste plastics, paper, etc., from the end of 2017. In August 2017, the Ministry of the Environment, among others, issued the Directory of Imported Waste Management (2017), which was adjusted to include unsorted waste paper from the Catalogue of Solid Wastes that may be used as feedstock for import restrictions.
Restrictions on the import of waste paper will directly affect the supply of paper-protected raw materials, leading to higher prices and lower yields of raw materials, which will further boost the price of gypsum plates.
In September 2017, the price of US$ 8,9# started to rise gradually. On January 10, 2018, US$ 195 per ton for US$ 8, and US$ 260 per ton for US$ 9, ton. The policy effect of import restrictions was to import 37.8 million tons of solid waste imports in January-November of the year, a decrease of 3.4 per cent.
Changes in prices: Trends in the volume of solid waste imports; loss of competitiveness of small plants; companies' more pricing power
In October 2017, the Ministry of the Environment introduced the Regulation on Environmental Protection of Imported Waste Paper (Application Draft), which requires processing companies to apply for licences to import waste paper to produce no less than 300,000 tonnes/year. This means that small plants with a capacity of less than 300,000 tonnes per year cannot use imported waste paper as a raw material for the production of face paper, and that the use of small paper plants has been fundamentally cut off.
The way to import scrap paper is the only way to keep small plants in production. Waste paper accounts for more than 60% of the cost of paper protection, and imports of scrap paper (American, European, etc.) are limited and the price of waste is rising rapidly. The cost of raw materials increases directly, leading to the loss of competitiveness of small paper factories, which are more competitive and more price-fixing.
In August 2017, the Ministry of the Environment and others issued the Programme of Action for the Integrated Management of Atmospheric Contamination in the Autumn 2017-2018 in and around Kyoto, which specified that the construction industry, including gypsum plates, would be fully engaged in the production of faulty peaks and that production would be completely shut down during the warm season. The “2+26” urban heating season would inevitably lead to a decline in the supply of gypsums, which would drive the decline in the supply of gypsums.
Prices rise, and companies, as industry leaders, will benefit from higher performance as a result of higher prices. We calculate the sales price of the company’s gypsum, based on the company’s sales earnings and sales, and by the third quarter of 2017, the price of the gypsum has risen markedly.
The price of the plate will continue to rise at the end of 2017, the company’s performance will continue to grow in 2017 and 2018, and the company’s price data confirm our logic for future price increases for the gypsum. Three advantages underpin the company’s leading position.
A research and development system with green architecture as a theme ensures the company’s vanguard status and raises the penetration and occupancy of its products in the city’s fields. The cost of gypsum plates is mainly based on raw materials (paints, facepapers), fuel power (coal, electricity), man-made, etc.
The company ' s main raw materials for the production of gypsums are paper and gypsum, which account for about 60% of the total; coal, which accounts for about 23% of the total fuel and power; and raw materials and fuel power, which together account for more than 80% of the company ' s production costs.
In the case of face paper, secondary fibres (i.e., pulp from scrap paper) are commonly used as raw materials for face paper because of the special (low-quantitative and high-intensity) requirement for instructions on face paper.
The fire power plant is near-store production base, with industrial by-product gypsum resources The main material for the gypsum sheeting, which can be divided into natural gypsums and industrial by-product gypsums (e.g., devulcanized gypsum). Until 2007, our gypsum plates were mainly based on natural gypsums, which were mainly concentrated in natural gypsum resources.
The supply and use of industrial by-product gypsums began to rise rapidly after the introduction of substantial devulcanization throughout the country in 2007. As a result of the increased environmental requirements in recent years and the country’s policy to increase the combined use of industrial by-product gypsums, industrial by-product gypsum is now widely used as a raw material for the production of gypsum boards.
In 2000, the company autonomously developed patent technology and production equipment for the application of devulcanized gypsum, and in 2009 applied for a patent for the production of paper gypsums using phosphorus gypsum, devulcanized gypsum and natural gypsum. The company has acquired a full range of techniques for the production of paper gypsums using defouling.
The company worked with fire power plants all over the country to create a stable and adequate industrial production base around the plant, accounting for more than 25% of the devulcanized gypsum used in the year, thus showing a very high level of corporate knowledge of the national sulfur gypsum resources. Currently, the company’s main product, the gypsum board, has reached 100% of the coal-fired power plant industry.
Waste devulcanized gypsum is used as a feedstock to reduce emissions of sulphur dioxide and its pollution, while substitute products for clay tiles can reduce damage to arable land.
Sulphur dioxide released, based on the company's current capacity of 2,165 million m2, can be eliminated 21,650,000 tons of sulfur gypsum per year, equivalent to 8.1 million tons of sulfur dioxide, reduced carbon emissions of 3.88 million tons, and product substitution of clay bricks can reduce the destruction of more than 32,000 arable land.
Acres, which also contributes to the country’s green environment and energy-saving reduction.
The purpose is to increase the strength and resilience of the gypsum, which is covered by two sides of the gypsum core when it is produced, and to make it easier to build. The pamphlet is mainly made from secondary fibres (i.e. pulp from scrap paper). At present, because of the relatively good quality of imported waste paper, such as beauty waste, which meets the requirements of low-quantitative and high-intensity paper, the paper-painting industry relies mainly on imported waste paper.
Tarzan has its own paper-protector-Te and paper industry, and in 2010 applied for a patent for the invention of a cardboard-protector-paper-making industry. Not only can it satisfy some of the company’s raw material needs, but it can also reduce the supply of raw materials as well as the price waves.
In addition, as the largest cardboard producer in the country, companies have a high demand for face paper, and purchase-volume ambassadors have a voice in purchasing prices, with less cost impact than small businesses. The company ' s Māori rate was 37.8% in the third quarter of 2017, which shows that, as a result, the average rate of Māori in the third quarter of 2017 is 37.8%.
Policies do not have much impact on companies’ costs and Māori rates. Marketing network layouts across the country reduce corporate operating costs.
The company has formed five regional ministries throughout the country: China East, North, South, Midwest, Huaihai, which not only expands the production capacity of the cast boards, but also reduces transport costs.
The company has now set up 65 production bases in more than 20 provinces and cities in the country, with scavenging boards, and has more than 300 marketing networks throughout the country, spread across large central and developed regions and subdistricts, with more than 2,000 distributors.
The company also plans to continue to implement its down-deep marketing strategy and to continue to develop distribution channels in three or four-line cities and counties. The new North Academy of Sciences has been established to develop a new generation of high-performance green-smart architecture.
One of the first 20 “Beijing City Patent Demonstrations” is the only “National Patent Work Demonstration Unit” in the construction materials industry, with a national Enterprise Technology Centre, which invests 2.5 billion yuan in building a national research and development base in the Beijing City of Future Science and Technology. The company's five research and development directions are centred on the theme of green environment, namely, ultra-low energy consumption, zero formaldehyde, etc.
In June 2017, the company founded the North New Academy of Sciences, the first innovative science association in the country, and Professor Kang De-sheng of China's Engineering Institute became the first resident and president of the North New Science Association.
On 25 October 2017, the new North Academy of Sciences was completed and moved in two days later. The construction of the new North Academy of Sciences achieved a “four replacements” using green building materials, which not only reduced damage to the environment but also reduced the number of rooms.
As of 30 June 2017, the company had 2,548 patents authorized in the industry. The company actively promoted residential construction from the use of traditional bricks.
The wall was transformed into a castboard compound, the new gypsum compound was enhanced, and the unpainted wall ceiling material, assembly wall ceilings were successfully developed and applied to enable occupancy on the same day; construction of domestic and foreign production lines was actively pursued to accelerate the expansion of the gypsum production capacity.
At the domestic level, in the first half of 2017, the company developed a new round of cast-plate industry plans to purchase the sum of 100 million yuan in ordinary shares (a shares) of the renminbi from 10 limited partnerships, such as the Teenmen Investment Group of the Tean city, the city of Tean and the Dara Investment Centre, and 35 natural persons, such as Jae-Sun, for example, by issuing shares for the purchase of assets.
In December 2017, for the first time outside the country, the company set up a cardboard production company, the North Construction Company (Tanzan), which is a fully owned subsidiary of the company.
The company’s annual production capacity will reach 9 million square metres, marking the company’s full-scale launch of a globalized industry. The company’s increase in the cardboard production line, with a 3 billion square-metre production strategy, is currently the world’s largest cardboard production company, with 65 production bases throughout the country, covering basically the entire country.
There are regions. In 2017, the company produced 2,165 million square metres, an increase of 1.5 per cent. The company now has 315 million square metres of cardboard production. In the first half of 2017, the company developed a new round of cast board industry layout plans to expand the cardboard capacity to 3 billion square metres.
The company has experienced a rapid expansion of production capacity between 2013 and 2015. According to the construction capacity, 315 million square metres of the capacity under construction will be fully constructed by 2018, and the company ' s output in 2018 will be realized as a result of successive shutdowns and the gradual withdrawal of the production capacity of small plants, tight supply levels, and the company ' s capacity utilization rate will be in place by 2018.
There was a significant increase in 2017. Based on production in the first three quarters of 2017 (assuming production in the first three quarters of the year), the company’s capacity is expected to increase even further, with demand released from policies such as the withdrawal of production capacity and support for the development of assembly buildings and the construction of the “Yun An” zone.
In April 2017, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the State Council decided to set up a “Yun Shin” zone in Hebei.
In the new districts of Hokkaido and Hokkaido, the “Yang An-Shun” plan covers the districts of Hebei Province, Yong-seong, An-Shun 3 and the surrounding regions, located in Beijing, Tianjin, and Pao. The “Yang-Sin” zone was established mainly to de-fine the functions of the non-capital city of Beijing, to adapt the city layout and spatial structure of Kyunjin, to explore areas with a high population economy and to optimize the development of new models and to foster creativity.
The company’s gypsum board, which is a green and green new building material, meets the requirements of the “Yon An-New Zone” to build a new city of green wisdom; in addition, within 500 km of the Yu An-New Zone, it produces 10 or so of the company’s gypsum plates.
The bases, including the North and the North, the North and the coast, the West, the West, the West, the Sea, and the West, will provide raw materials for the construction of the Yu-An-New Zone. The company will benefit fully from the construction of the “Young An-New Zone,” opening up a Chinese building blocks group, opening up the global landscape.
The real control of the company is China Building Materials Group Ltd., the world’s largest manufacturer of building materials and the world’s leading conglomerate service provider. With the power and platform of major shareholder brands, the company has gradually begun to expand overseas, opening up the company’s whole new North Tanzania company and starting overseas expansion.
On 29 December 2017, a formal agreement was signed with the Tanzania Sunshine Group Inc. (sunshinegrouped), among others, to establish a limited US$ 1,000,000 shareholding of 70 per cent of the North New Wood Industry (Tanzania) in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Upon the establishment of the North New Materials Industry (Tanzania) Ltd., it is proposed to acquire 34,000 m2 of land use rights owned by the Tanzania Sunshine Group and associated companies, such as Sunshinegypsummited, and related operating assets.
The purchase of a 3 million m2 of cardboard production line and the construction of a new 6 m2 cardboard production line and an accompanying facility. After the completion of the remodelling and construction of the line, the annual production of the cardboard plate in the North (Tanzania) will reach 9 million m2.
The company’s first joint venture in the offshore market to create a cardboard production business marks the start-up of a global industry. The global cardboard market has a huge capacity, and companies have developed a strategy to raise their share in the global market.
At present, there is a global market demand for 10 billion square metres of gypsum, with a market capacity of nearly 70 billion yuan, with companies accounting for only about 15% of the share. In 2017, companies were fully engaged in the globalization of their industries, and their strategy was “to win 50% of the global market share and create world-class China’s own branding.”
The company is the largest cardboard producer in the world, with over 60 per cent of the market in the country, and because of a lack of target companies, we have selected the largest cardboard company in the United States, Usg, for financial data.
Declined. In 2016, U.S. Usg ' s roa was 11.85% and Roe ' s 30.70%. Compared to U.S. user ' s ugg, the number of working days of public companies ' receivables has decreased significantly over the past two years, from about 7 days in the third quarter of 2017 to a significant reduction in the number of working days held in stock in the last two years, and as of the third quarter of 2017, the number of working days of the company ' s inventory was as follows:
66.5 days. As at the third quarter of 2017, the United States firm Usg had 24 days of accounts receivable and 35 days of inventory week transfer. The company had faster accounts receivable than the United States. The company had slower inventory turnover than the United States. q3 accounts receivable days (days) 2011-2017
As the most productive enterprise in the industry, the Division has a greater elasticity in the price of its products, giving a “buy-in” rating according to our neutral forecast. The litigation risks corporate losses: the loss of the US cast-plate litigation could result in greater corporate losses:
The risk of downgrading real estate investments. Peband Real Estate Industry, Construction Materials Industry Study. New Wealth Surrounded in 2011, Crystal Balls 5 and Gold Bull 5 in 2012. Eight years of vendor research.
The author, who has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.