Tungwee shares (600438) Agroforestry and Fishery Feeding forage Performance meets expectations, 4gw efficient silicon investment accelerates new energy business development - Tungwee Unit
The company evaluates the new energy business and shows the effects of the new energy business, contributing to the upgrading of the transition. Eternal shares for 2015 and 2016, solar power and renewable energy are injected into the joint stock company.
At the end of the reporting period, the advanced solar-grade multi-crystal silicon production enterprise, which had 15,000 tons of multi-crystal silicon capacity per year, was among the leading countries in the country. At the same time, a number of scientific and technological advances, such as the multi-crystal silicon reduction efficiency improvement, were launched, based on the results of several scientific and technological efforts, such as the completion of the production system and the energy efficiency improvement project.
Total equity/flow (millions) project is expected to be completed ahead of schedule by June 2017, when multi-crystal silicon capacity will reach 20,000 tons of total market value/flow (millions)
Weak solar energy continues to increase capacity, with one-gw high-efficiency single-crystal battery project completed only seven months into production, making it the fastest construction in the photovoltaic industry.
The project, which is also the most automated, single-workshop, high-efficiency crystallized silicon power generation, accelerated the development of new energy operations through efficient investment in silicon, which led to the early and rapid release of solar cell energy from companies.
– Tungwee shares (600438). The multi-crystal cell capacity utilization rate was 113 per cent, and the single-crystal cell capacity utilization rate 99 per cent (over 90 per cent), which is well above the global average of 79 per cent in the crystal cell industry.
The sales of solar cells throughout the year increased by 34.99 per cent, with a Māori rate of 20.26 per cent, maintaining a steady level of profitability. In the case of photovoltaics, companies actively develop “light-for-fish” and agro-light-complemented photovoltaic power plants in the form of white-owned, commissioned and mergers.
By the end of the reporting period, the company had audited photovoltaic power projects amounting to 800mw and was in the process of construction of some 400mw, with a project reserve of more than 3gw in Jiangsu, Anhui, Nemungu, Liaoning, Henan, Shandong, Jiangxi, Sichuan, etc.
Investment in 4gw high-efficiency silicon to speed up new energy operations.
R & D, with total investment projected at RMB 5 billion, is the second and third phases of the project following the first phase of which, following the delivery of the project, the company's high-efficiency crystallized silicon cell capacity will be on a scale that meets expectations, and the 4gw high-efficiency silicon investment will accelerate the development of new energy operations — the T.I.U.
A company review (600438) to 7.3gw will further highlight the company's strengths in this area, with an expected post-partum income of 7 billion yuan/year, contributing to the company's “making world-class clean energy”
Meanwhile, at the beginning of the month, the investment target was Li Gianlongki Silicon Materials Limited.
The joint venture’s registered capital was 800 million yuan yuan, of which Lungi contributed 480 million yuan and held 15% of the shares. This time, Etsang’s shares went to the single crystal market, which was conducive to the use of the Etrange stock.
The preponderance of the wind-voltage industry and the further diversification of its operations will help to secure the realization of the promise of eternal equity. At the same time, it will help to accelerate the deployment and development of the new energy industry, with multi-crystal silicon at its core, actively expanding and perfecting the conglomerates from multi-crysil.
Single crystalline silicon, silicon slices are produced into solar cell assemblies, solar photovoltaic power and complete industrial chains for the development, promotion and application of photovoltaic products aimed at creating a world-class world.
The bright spots, storage and distribution grids are new opportunities, saying that single crystals will be one of the directions, and the market share of single crystals will be equal to that of polycrystals in about 2020. Currently, the photovoltaic industry will move into a “new normal” of size of the loading machines, and the additional capacity of the photovoltaics will be “XII” during the 13th Five-Five.
It is worth noting that the State has given preference to distributed light voltage. During the 13th Five-Year Plan, the cumulative size of distributed power stations will reach 60gw, with a 10-fold growth space, with annual compound growth of more than 55%.
According to incomplete statistics, the proportion of single crystals is about 60% of the target of the runner’s plan. At the same time, national policies tend to be distributed in favour of further expansion of single crystal markets.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: In the context of the continuous release of supportive policies and technological advances in the photovoltaic industry, companies rated “buy-in” in the year in which they entered, pss 0.38 and 0.46, respectively.
The acquisition of new energy services has fallen short of expectations, the synergizing effects of fishing complementarities have fallen short of expectations, the performance of new energy sources has met expectations, and the 4gw investment in efficient silicon has accelerated the development of new energy operations — Tonway shares (600438)
Performance meets expectations, 4gw high-efficiency silicon investment accelerates the development of new energy operations - a review by Tonway (600438)
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.