Healthcare pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences, growth hormone lanes, broad and firm corporate leadership, and this point reviews the short-term and long-term investment logic of spring and high growth hormones.
Short-term – Neo-Hin has recovered well, with a steady increase in the share of long-lasting water needles. Based on recent open exchanges of information, we expect a steady increase in the q4 outbreak in Kinsey, and a steady increase of around 20% in pure sales throughout the year, based on the company's disclosure of three quarterly reports.
After the iv period of clinical observation, it is expected that the sales of long-acting water needles will remain stable in the future, with penetration rates at the heart of the drop-out rate and laying the foundation for healthier and more sustainable future development. The company is expected to gradually increase its evaluation of sinking work in the future, with general endocrinologists passing through it.
Learning to fully master the growth hormone supplementation program takes some time, and we expect the initial effects of the downfall to begin in 2022 at a time of more than one year, the new growth hormone track (000661).
In addition, Kinsey's long water needles have entered clinical stage 11 for adult growth hormone deficiency, cf. 2020/12/31, the size and proportion of the adult growth hormone market in the United States.
Long Spring High (000661) " Profit Keepers Over Twenty Years of Age " , expected to be in the domestic adult market after approval of long-acting water needles (therapeutic + warranty growth, steady growth of growth hormones)
There will also be rapid growth in the number of children aged 4 to 15 years, which is estimated at 5.87 million as of 2019, taking into account Kinsai, 2020/08/20.
Markets such as Anko and United Sal, which are mainly involved in sales and pricing, are expected to treat only 500,000 to 600,000 children during the period, and stock market penetration is only 10 to 12 per cent. For growth hormone supplementation markets, marketing network barriers are high, doctor training costs are high and doctors are at a cost.
The transition costs are both high and constitute a core barrier to the industry. Kinsey, as a leading company, has an absolute advantage in terms of product quality, medical education, multiple barriers to the formation of teams, tendering, and marketing.
Maintenance of the "buy-in" rating. The company is a home-grown growth hormone leader, with a unique vaccine industry, whose overall income and profits have grown steadily over the years, and whose weighted roe has stabilized at 15% in the growth hormone track.
Profit projections and financial indicators: first, the growth rate of new infections will resume and the product structure will be upgraded.
(i) The pre-occupancy impact group, q4, which has returned to steady growth, and the impact of the epidemic, which has led to a decline in the first three quarters, both in the intake group and in the net sales rate, according to grass-roots research, this year ' s subsidiary, the growth hormones of the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry, were affected by the epidemic.
The impact is mainly two-fold, with most municipalities having control measures on the epidemic, limiting the implementation of the company's education and outreach activities for patients below the line; and (2) obstructing access to inter-city referrals for children, mainly in q1 (high prevalence of the epidemic) and q3 (in some areas of the back-to-school school cycle, policies affecting the movement of children). q1 is usually judged in the light of company performance in the past.
Q3's summer vacation was the height of the company's expansion, so we expect that the number of new cases in the first three months of the epidemic will determine the company's revenue from sales over a certain period of time. According to the annual report, the subsidiary pharmaceutical industry maintained a growth rate of more than 50% between 2017 and 2019, compared to the six months of the epidemic this year.
It is expected that Kinseyq4 has returned to steady growth and that the profit end will outperform revenue for 20 years. According to the company's recent announcement on investor communications, the epidemic has been brought under control, and the recovery of Kinsey's new arrival in October is good in view of the opening up of the previous market and the high level of product coverage, taking into account the four quarters of the country's epidemic.
With better control, we expect that the rate of revenue growth in the single quarter of the gold race will return to a rate of about 20 per cent or more. For the profit end of the year, the sales cost of the gold race was well controlled during the epidemic, and according to H1 consolidated report data, the cost of sales in the first half of the year (mostly associated with the gold race growth hormones) was 31.64 per cent, down by almost 3 pct.
q2 sales costs are only 27.40% (-6.85pct), which is mainly a decrease of $4.9 billion in salaries and benefits and freight costs for workers affected by the epidemic in the first half of the year. The net interest rate rose significantly in 2020 (before 2019, net interest rates were 35-41% and up to 47% in the first three quarters of 2020), thus increasing net profits faster than income.
We're looking at the impact of the monthly intake group on the annual net sales, based on grass-roots research information, the average time for the current use of growth hormones is 13-14 months.
The more the post-emerging problem will have a greater impact on the next year, 2021, the better the patient's roller coaster, the less likely it will have to be in 2020, the less it will have been in 2021 than it would have been in 2021. But, according to the preceding analysis, if q2 and q4 had grown better, it would still have been possible.
Looking ahead to the new infections next year, because of the large number of children suffering from the lack of end-growth hormones and the low treatment penetration in the domestic growth hormone stock market (detailed below), the epidemic has only had an impact on sales and academic activity below the corporate line and has not led to the disappearance of potential demand, so let's assume that in 2021, when the epidemic stabilizes, it ends.
Based on our simulation of a rolling model of new conditions, which is expected to recover to over 20 per cent next year, a growth hormone net sales increase of over 35 per cent is expected in 2021 (a combination of long-acting water (ii) agent-type upgrading process).
iv Clinical completion, with a steady increase in sales of long-acting water needles, the company ' s long-acting growth hormone gold race increased to market in 2014 to provide long-lived long-lived hormones for the first national and global listing.
There has been no significant increase in the use of long-acting water needles since they were listed. We expect that there are two (1) innovative products with long-acting needles as first-in-clas, with no foreign use experience to refer to and learn from, and that the regulation of the use of medicines in the industry and the education and training of medical patients need to be built up:
2) The cost of the use of the gold race increases is approximately RMB 15,000/month, which is more expensive than the price of the water and the powder. To establish the regulations for the use of drugs in the industry and to train the relevant doctors, the company has been initiating a large sample of IV clinical work throughout the country since the launch of the gold race in 2014, incorporating 2,952 ghd children and 83 paediatric/pediatrical units throughout the country.
Research was conducted by the Specialized Endocrinology Hospital, with Prof. Ro Xiaoping of the Hosi Hospital attached to the Chinese University of Science and Technology, Prof. Fong Feng of the Children's Hospital attached to the Zhejiang University, Professor Jun Siu of the Beijing Children's Hospital attached to the Capital Medical University, and Prof. Lu Fei Hong of the Paediatric Hospital affiliated to the University, as research leaders, on a trial basis, published at the end of 2019.
The dose groups hv and htsds for 26 weeks, 52 weeks, 104 weeks and 156 weeks of golden race are significantly higher than the baseline. The dose group for the gold race is 0.2 mg/kg/w in the 26th week of treatment, 11.06 cm/year, and for the 156th week, the ratio for long water needles is about 12%, corresponding to less than 4% of the children.
In the future, the acceptance of long-acting water needles by doctors and parents will accelerate, with a steady upward trend in the distribution of long-acting water needles due to the resolution of the health-related educational factors that constrain them.
(i) The downfall is expected to be central to increasing the penetration of growth hormone treatment and reducing the rate of child release.
In the first four provinces, Guangdong (which includes more sample hospitals), Shanghai, Beijing and Zhejiang, the proportion is 58%. Given the growing maturity of the first line of provinces and cities, some of the endocrine experts from grass root research are now “circumstances” (the experts can take care of the number of children) and some of the affected children are required to travel regularly.
In the case of Kinsai, where it is necessary to make medium- and long-term downfalls, we expect that companies will gradually step up their assessment of sinking work, mainly in the form of hospitals covering non-provincial cities or second-line cities, and the training of new doctors (who have full knowledge of growth hormone supplementation).
It takes some time for doctors to learn to fully master the growth hormone supplementation program, and we expect that over a year or so, the initial effects of the downfall are expected to begin in 2022, and that in the medium term the increase in coverage will be an important driver of steady growth in new infections.
(ii) The product mix builds large paediatric operations, digs the market for the increased adaptive treatment of adults in gold, starting with endocrine treatment drugs such as growth hormones, which are usually prescribed by paediatric and endocrinians in hospitals, while children are growing and developing
In addition to the under-genesis of growth hormones, there are a variety of other endocrine-related diseases, such as Kinsey, as a domestic growth pole, with the largest number of salesmen, hospitals and doctors, the most natural growth hormone lanes with the development of large-scale paediatric product lines, and the firm's strong leader.
Channel advantages, e.g. gnrh-a) and growth hormones can be used in conjunction with the presence of pre-pregnant dwarfs in female children: while men have pre-pregnant dwarfs, aromatic enzyme inhibitors plus growth hormones can be used. As a home-grown biological agent industry, the Golden Race can use trayrin microglomytes in the line of research.
The bed is finished, and in the future, if listed, the help company will build a pipeline of paediatric products. Adult growth hormone applications have great market potential. Compared with the population using growth hormones at home and abroad, we find that adults in Europe and America use growth hormones as a percentage of the population.
Looking back at history, growth hormones were listed in 1985 with fda approval, and the initial adaptive profiles were child-related diseases until 1996–1997, when adults were granted adult-related adaptive disorders in which adult growth hormone deficiency (aghd) municipalities applied relatively dominant adaptive conditions.
As research continues to show that growth hormones are likely to be effective in combating aging, diet therapy and promoting muscle growth, the proportion of adults abroad (especially in the United States) using growth hormone hyperadaptive disorders has risen rapidly, and according to the Jama article, 74 per cent of growth hormones were in the United States in 2004, nearly 20 years after their listing in the United States.
With hyperadaptive use, an estimated 2.5-30 million older people were treated for growth hormone resistance. Although globally, growth hormone-related benefits are not currently recognized by authoritative clinical or national drug authorities, we believe that non-peed development of growth hormones can begin with aghd’s adaptive ailments at home.
Step by step, develop the concept of growth hormone substitution therapy among mainstream doctors, and gradually explore the effects of myth reduction and resistance to old age through clinical research. Because of the current relatively good pattern of growth hormone competition in the country, Kinsey also has a global pre-eminence as a leader with long-acting water needles, which is sufficiently supportive of market willingness and investment in research and development.
Water needles to treat adult growth hormone deficiency are now in their 11th clinical phase and are in the process of being recruited, and are expected to be approved in 2023. The domestic adult market (therapeutic plus health) is expected to develop as long-acting water needles are approved, taking into account the size and proportion of the adult growth hormone market in the United States.
Figure 7: Adaptive effects of growth hormones in the global context and approved time fda and EU-approved growth hormones
1985. Metabolism associated with 1996.hiv infection
(hd) Diseases and wasting 1993 chronic kidney diseases before kidney transplants
1997 adult ghd (ckd) (aghd)
2003 intestinal syndrome (sbs) 1996turner syndrome (ts) 2001 younger than child (sga)
2002prader-willi syndrome (pws) 2003 special short body (iss)
2006shox Genetic Deficit gen5ci 2007noonan Syndrome (ns)
The potential of the long-term growth hormone market is high, and the gold race has a strong competitive advantage: (i) the long-term market space for growth hormone treatment is wide; the penetration rate of treatment in the stock market is around 10 per cent.
Considering the stock market, the growth hormone window for the treatment of child dwarfism is between 4 and 15 years of age, counting about 196 million children in this age group on the basis of the number of newborns in the calendar year at 2019 points (lower number of deaths during childhood, not taken into account), and is still calculated on the basis of the 3 per cent incidence of dwarfism in the country sampled by the Chinese Medical Association, i.e. the stock corresponding to 4-15 years of age.
About 5.87 million children are suffering, and more than 5 million potential patients are expected to use growth hormones for treatment of dwarf diseases, as a result of the expansion of the various adaptive conditions in the future.
The ratio of sales of hospital water needles and needles and annual use of powders/water needles/long water needles is 2.5/6/18 million per person, assuming that the cumulative treatment of children during the period 2008-2019 (years corresponding to the sale of 4-15 years of age) is estimated to be around 400,000, with less than 150,000 new treatments available in the industry each year.
People, so the potential permeable patient pool will continue to expand in snowball mode. With the continued expansion of markets, such as high-renovation, Anke, it is assumed that 75% of all children, or 300,000 new cases, will be developed annually by the industry in the long-term stabilization phase (given the difficulty of treatment for potential children as a whole, a 75% penetration target would still guarantee the temperature and expansion of the patient pool at this time), and with
Future economic growth, water and long-acting water for short-acting needle substitution trends determined, assuming that future powders/water needles (ii) are competitive and firm corporate leaders are in absolute leadership in industry norms
Unlike other therapeutic drugs, there are no established industry norms for endocrine treatments such as growth hormones, because the treatment programmes (e.g. dosage, duration of treatment, response to associated side effects, etc.) require a combination of doctors to measure the dynamics of the body weight, bone age, and hormones in children. Therefore, for enterprises, they need to be based on their own.
(a) Continuous improvement and enrichment of treatment programmes through extensive clinical practice; (b) well-established academic outreach;
Core resources, with larger sales teams and more experienced firms, have a clear advantage in terms of downswing channels and “new doctors” training. For the first time ever, in 1998, Kinsey’s growth hormone product was introduced in the country, exploring with endocrinology the development of growth hormone supplementation programmes.
The Inner Growth Hormogen Supplement (IDP) has been designed by physicians and has provided them with extensive clinical experience, with absolute advantages in terms of product quality, medical stickyness, and educational training. The market for water and long-acting water needles is well established.
Subagents discuss the pattern of competition, and future competition for water needles is expected to be concentrated mainly in domestic companies like Kinsey, Anko, and United Sal. The golden pin type was marketed in 2005 and has been in use for more than 15 years now, and has become a gold standard variety in indicators of activity, stability, and actual clinical efficacy of products, and the market for water needles.
With regard to long-acting growth hormones, we expect that the core elements of the product, such as its effective composition, its therapeutic effects, etc., will not differ significantly, and that the market will still comply with the above-mentioned barriers to competition, despite differences in the principles of slow growth hormones.
According to the rule of “pre-emptive advantage”, the gold race has now accumulated more resources for prescription doctors, and it is expected that the long-acting needles of the gold fortress will have gained almost 10 years of experience (taking into account the large-scale paving of the canals by competitors), and that medical recognition will continue to be a significant lead in competitions, with companies in a secure position. Imports and potential biotech will compete.
There are multiple barriers to forming a team, bidding, and sales, and 70% of the city in the gold race is stable. The growth hormone track is wide, and the company’s vanity is firmly attached (judgment of future price systems):
With regard to the policy pressure reduction, because of the current very low proportion of growth hormones sold through health insurance (reimbursement of residential accounts) and the very low consumption of health care funds, the short-term pressure on growth hormones to collect is relatively limited in terms of the urgency of the need for treatment for disease. On the other hand, because of the structure and quality of corporate growth hormones (mainly water needles) products still exist.
In terms of differences and the high cost of academic education for doctoral conversion, we believe that water needle growth hormones are more difficult to capture. With competitive pressure lowerings, the industry is currently less involved in firms, with the gold race playing a role as a domestic pioneer, and industry development continues to be based on healthy competition cooperation to promote growth hormone perception and penetration.
Moreover, because the training and conversion costs of growth hormone prescription doctors are extremely high, it is more difficult for firms to take advantage of competitors’ markets by lowering prices, which can be detrimental to their own interests. Looking ahead, the basis for rapid growth hormones and vaccine asset performance is solid.
As a domestic growth hormone leader, well-lined products, long-acting water needles are currently the exclusive species of the country, and some of the month's openings are expected to fluctuate due to the effects of the epidemic, but we expect a steady 20 per cent increase in sales throughout the year, and growth hormone sales are expected to have low base effects as companies return to normal business next year.
It is expected to benefit fully from the expansion of the industry as a result of increased penetration and adaptive growth: another major core species has been recombined for eggs; Accompanied Reproductive Technology or Ultra-Obsole Adaptive Disorder 111 Clinics have been completed, and approval is expected to further promote 100 grams of biology as a core asset for the company's vaccine; this year's performance has been boosted by the water pox vaccine and the new nostril flu vaccine.
The rate of increase was strong, with about 8.18 million batch issuances of live water pox vaccine as of 2020, which are now stable after the process has been modified; and a rapid increase in the roll-out of the new nostril influenza vaccine, with a total of nearly 1.57 million batch issuances in 2020, which is expected to result in a rapid sales contribution in the current shortage of multi-field influenza virus fission vaccine, which is expected to result in a rapid increase in sales performance.
The company announced in June 2020 that 100 grams of organisms had started the process of decomposing the market, and that, in addition to the already on the market, the human rabies vaccine (vero cell) and the new snout flu vaccine, the data from the cde review and the Clinical Trial Registration and Information Platform were currently included in the pipeline.
Different varieties such as heavy-pound herpes detoxification vaccine (111, gsk, global sales of herpe vaccine exceeded $2 billion), frozen dry vero dehydrate seedlings (111), adsorbing cellless 100-white-deficit vaccine (three sets) (perhaps of clinical treatment), taking into account the current level of valuation of vaccine companies in the country, when 100 grams of organisms are separated or are about to be revalued.
In the long term, the growth hormone treatment penetration rate will continue to increase, the nasal flu vaccine will also share the benefits of an enhanced influenza vaccine, and the two core assets mentioned above will contribute to a stable “buy-in” rating.
The steady growth of profits over the years, with a weighting of roe of more than 15 per cent in the last decade, is a scarcity of “consumption upgradation” that has not expanded as expected, product competition has fallen more than expected, channels have sunk as much as expected, research and development has not progressed
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.