The company is a mega-consortium that combines survey design, construction installation, industrial manufacturing, real estate development, capital mining, financial investment and other businesses for more than a hundred years.
He has a history of participating in the construction of railways, which account for more than two thirds of the total mileage of China's railways; the construction of electrification railways, which account for 90 per cent of China's electrification railways; and the construction of highways, which account for about half of China's railways.
One eighth of the total mileage of the highway in the country; three-fifths of the urban orbital works in China were built. Over the 11 years of listing, companies have been overhauling their reforms, improving their efficiency, operating on a scale and with poor quality.
Example 5.85%. The ratio of engineering equipment and spare parts manufacturing, survey design and consulting services, respectively, and the ratio of survey design and consulting services revenue have increased, while both operations have a higher Māori rate, increasing the overall Māori rate of the company.
Summary and investment recommendations: the company is the leading architect of construction in our country and globally, with a 45 per cent share of the railway capital market, a 50 per cent share of the urban rail transport infrastructure market, an ample share of the highway capital market, and a steady performance that releases high expectations; and an improvement in its own business structure to raise the Māori rate, indebtedness.
China Iron Co. Ltd. is a collective survey of design, construction installation, industrial manufacturing, real estate development, resource mining,
As one of the world’s largest construction and engineering contractors, China’s Central Iron has been in the world’s top 500 firms for 13 consecutive years, ranked 56th in the world’s wealth 500 firms in 2018, and 13th in China’s top 500 firms in 2018.
In July 1989, with the approval of the State Council, the General Directorate of Capital Construction of the Ministry of Railways was abolished and the China Railway Engineering Corporation was formed. In September 2000, it was separated from the Ministry’s executive branch and transferred to the Central Commission for Work of Large Enterprises.
In May 2003, the State Treasury Committee of the State Council assumed the function of funder. On September 12, 2007, China Railways, China Railways, Inc., initiated the establishment of the China-China Iron and Steel Corporation, and on December 3 and 7, 2007, respectively, were listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Joint Exchange.
State-owned sole-owned company, renamed China Railways Engineering Group Limited. China Railways Engineering Group Ltd. currently owns 50.7% of corporate shares, is a controlling shareholder, and the State Treasury Committee of the State Council is the actual controller.
(ii) China Iron Co. Ltd.
19500378 Semiters, ditch Financial Policy 1958 confirmed interest in mid-trail engineering and company 1989
In September 2007, for the second time in the Republic of China, China ' s Republic of China ' s Republican Engineering Corporation, China ' s iron and steel operations covered almost all areas of capital construction, including railways, roads, municipalities, housing construction, urban orbital transport, hydropower, airports, ports, wharfs, etc.
There have also been better developments in the areas of survey design and consultancy, manufacturing of industrial equipment and components, real estate development, mineral resource development, highway camps, finance, etc. China’s railways have been involved in building more than two-thirds of the country’s railways, and in the construction of electrical railways.
Ninety% of national electrification railways: The highways involved represent about one-eighth of China’s total highway mileage: three-fifths of China’s urban orbital works. Over the 11 years of listing, companies have been overhauling their reforms, improving their quality, and moving up to new steps in scale and quality of operation.
The net assets of the division’s shareholders grew from 55.4 billion yuan to 191.8 billion yuan, a 3.5-fold increase; newly signed contracts, operating earnings and profits were selected for the top 500 in the world for 13 years, ranking 56th in 2018: the top 500 companies in China’s construction industry were selected for the top five consecutive years.
China Iron is one of the largest multifunctional integrated construction groups in China and the world, leading the industry in the areas of infrastructure development, surveying, design and advisory services, specialized engineering equipment and parts manufacturing, extending the industrial chain, expanding value-added services, real estate development, material trade, highway operations, mineral resource development and gold.
After many years of practice and development, there is a strong upstream/downstream relationship between the business sections of the company, with infrastructure investments, real estate development, mineral resource development operations leading to survey design and consultancy, capital construction operations, survey design and consultancy, capital construction operations, engineering equipment and parts manufacturing to provide construction equipment such as bridges, shields, etc. for capital construction
Parts and components for work such as fork and bridge steel structures, the supply of materials such as steel and cement for capital construction through trade in goods, and the financing of infrastructure investment and real estate development through financial operations have gradually led to the creation of a vertical “building integration” and horizontal “mastership and related diversification” of the product industry.
2.1 Capital construction operations. Corporate capital construction operations in the areas of railways, roads, municipalities, housing construction, urban orbital transport, hydropower, port lanes, airport terminals, etc., are located in more than 80 countries and territories around the world.
Internal and external competition through the market for the completion of contractual tasks such as surveying, design, procurement, construction and operation of engineering projects in the form of master engineering contracts, construction contracts, bott, ppp, etc., and for the quality, safety, labour, quality of contractual works, where the share of the railway capital market has been maintained at over 45 per cent, and the share of the urban orbital transport infrastructure market is as follows:
Over 50%, and around 12% of the highway capital market. The company will continue to consolidate the building block pillar in the future, ensuring traditional advantages and market shares in the fields of railways, roads, urban orbital transport, while increasing competitiveness in port codes, airports, hydropower, tunnels, sponge cities, etc.
Railways: Since its inception, the company has been involved in the construction of all the major railways in the country, including the Qing Tibetan Railway (the world's highest-level railway), the Qin Railway (the country's longest-carried railway), the Chengkun Railway (one of the railway projects in the most complex regions of the geological formations) and the Kyongix Railway (the country's longest-long north-south railway linking Beijing to China).
China has built all four-way passenger and high-speed railway lines. The company has also built the railway's four-power engineering system, and has built large railway stations, including Beijing Station, South China, and Beijing Station.
The project will be as follows: Figure 4: City works on the Kingshu Railway and others. The company will carry out various municipal works and urban orbital transport works throughout the country, along with construction of the North South Water.
Construction of subway and orbital transport works in several large and medium-sized cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Chongqing, Tianjin, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Ningbo, Suzhou, Changsha, Wuhan, Kunming, Dalian, Qingjia, Shijia, Chengdu, Nanjing, Fukuzhou, Shenyang, Xian, Chengzhou, No Tin, Nanchang, Harbin, etc.
Engineering works on line 9, 10, 14, 15, 16, using all new construction programmes and technologies in subway and urban rail construction, have accumulated a wealth of experience in subway construction and scientific construction methods.
Each highway project involved in the construction of the national plan is completed over 1,000 kilometres a year, of which 70% are highways. The completion of the road surface is 28 million square metres per year, the first in the same industry.
Figure 8: Construction of the Guangxi Nanning Bridge City and other works. In 2018, significant benefits to companies from the country’s increased infrastructure sector were realized, with a marked increase in road and municipal revenues. The business generated $6,242.1 billion in operating income, a year-on-year increase.
4.63 per cent Māori, an increase of 0.19 percentage points over the same period. The main reason for the increase in Māori in the business is: (a) further optimization of the infrastructure development business structure.2 Investment-led infrastructure projects have a higher Māori rate.3 Further, the intensive procurement of materials and construction equipment has been enhanced to a greater extent to achieve the benefits of the convergence.
2.2 Survey design and advisory service operations 2.2 Survey design and advisory service operations as technology- and intellectual-intensive productive services to provide process technology and management services for the decision-making and implementation of engineering projects in the construction, transport, electricity, water, etc., are engineering
The company’s surveying and consulting operations cover the entire process of research, planning, consulting, surveying, monitoring, engineering master contracting, product industrialization, etc., mainly in the railways, urban orbital transport, roads, municipalities, housing construction, etc., and are constantly directed towards modern trams, magnetic suspensions, cross-seat orbital transport, intelligent sex.
In 2018, the company ' s survey design and consulting services were newly contracted at $22.11 billion, an increase of 1.9 per cent over the same period, of which survey design operations in railways and urban orbital transport accounted for a larger share. By the end of 2018, the company ' s survey design and advisory services had been expanded.
The company’s engineering equipment and spare parts manufacturing operations, which mainly serve the construction of infrastructure, both inside and outside the country, cover the fork, tunnels, construction equipment, bridge construction and steel structures, engineering and engineering machinery, and railway electrification equipment.
The company is now the world’s largest manufacturer of fork and bridge steel, the country’s largest and second largest shield manufacturer, or the country’s largest producer of railway-specific construction equipment, with the only Chinese shield and excavation technology.
The company ' s large bridge steel structure, high-speed fork in the domestic market are more than 60 per cent: as the largest and second largest research and development manufacturer in Asia with capacity to produce 280 shields per year, in 2018 it sold 160 shields/tbm.
In 2018, the company entered into a new contract for the manufacture of engineering equipment and spare parts, amounting to $36.8 billion, representing an increase of 12.6 per cent over the same period, for 87 additional guilders and 160 /tbm. At the end of the year, the company had an outstanding contract for the manufacture of engineering equipment and spare parts, amounting to $40.8 billion, an increase of 16.0 per cent from the end of 2017.
The company is one of the 16 central enterprises identified by the National Investment Commission as the main source of real estate development. The number of secondary real estate development projects is 187 in 50 cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Tianjin, and Hangzhou.
Land, with an additional 4.4276 million square metres of land reserve, is 3.7 times higher than during the same period last year: 9.4341 million square metres of planned construction, with a total value of 6.6611 billion yuan in land, 15.5 million square metres of land, 2,96.38 million square metres of planned construction and land in the pipeline.
An area of 39,452,000 square metres; the continued development of subsequent real estate operations is expected to yield results. Since September 2005, when the company held its shares through acquisitions, the Iron Trust Group Ltd. has expanded in the areas of trust, funds, loan leasing, finance companies, insurance brokers, etc., and has built up a corporate financial portfolio.
Formerly, the company owned or held a total of eight financial and financial-type enterprises, including trust, public funds, asset management, financial leasing, insurance brokerage, among which revenues from the operations of China Iron Trust Company Ltd., profit ratio, and other operations, including mineral resource development, highways, sewage treatment plants and overseas railways and rail traffic.
The company's mineral resources business is a mining entity. The company's mineral resources business is a mining entity.
Mainly developed, five modern mines are now fully financed, controlled or involved, producing and selling major minerals such as copper, cobalt, molybdenum, lead, zinc, ore, cathode copper, and cobalt hydroxide. The company currently has some 9 million tons of copper, about 600,000 tons of cobalt, or about 700,000 tons of molybdenum, of which copper, cobalt, molybdenum, etc.
The country has a leading position in the same sector, with copper and molybdenum production having been among the highest in the country. 84.3 per cent; about 40.5 per cent of the revenues from municipal works, 33.8 per cent from railway construction, 2.03 per cent from road construction, 1.97 per cent from survey design and advisory services.
The Division ' s real estate development and survey design and consulting service income ratio increased, while the Māori ratio for both operations was higher, raising the overall Māori ratio for companies.Māori rates for each operation were 7.42 per cent for the 18 years of capital construction, the lowest for each operation, but an increase of 0.19 per cent over the previous year.
The Māori rate for real estate development and survey design and consultancy services is the highest of the operations, at 24.63 per cent and 28.04 per cent, respectively. The Māori rate for engineering equipment and spare parts manufacturing and other operations is 23.82 per cent and 24.86 per cent, respectively.
3.2 In terms of the gross rate, the company has declined slightly in recent years relative to previous years and remains relatively stable, but the increase in the net profit rate has been significant, mainly as a result of improvements in the business structure, and the ratio of high-profit projects has affected the overall level of the company's profit margin.
For example, real estate development and survey design and consulting services. 3.3 Debt levels and cash flows have improved markedly to a minimum.
Net gold flows have continued to be positive, and closing cash balances have also continued to rise, indicating good and improved corporate cash flows. 4. New signatures have been raised to a good level in hand orders, and the purchase of single-quarter orders has increased significantly in the fourth quarter compared to the previous three quarters.
Against this background, the volume of follow-up orders continues to rise to be expected. 3.9 times the revenue; of this amount, $2.68 trillion, or 24.57 per cent, was outstanding for the capital, and $41.35 billion and $40.8 billion, respectively, were outstanding for surveying and consulting services, engineering equipment and spare parts manufacturing.
A series of industrial plans, such as China Manufacturing 2025, China's Strategic and Emerging Industries Development Plan, published by the State Council, indicates the direction of China's manufacturing transformation and upgrading over the next decade.
It will remain high, with roads, urban orbital traffic, water, underground space development, and so on. In addition, China has actively promoted the development of the "one-way" sector, the coordinated development of the Yangtze region, the economic belt of the Yangtze region, the regional planning and the construction of the new economic belts of the Hong Kong, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
The pace of growth and decline in infrastructure investment has been much higher since then, and there is an urgent need to focus on the infrastructure sector, to maintain an effective investment capacity and to ensure that the economy is operating within reasonable boundaries. The 2019 Report of the Government on its Work made it clear that active fiscal policy in 2019 needed to be more effective and robust in monetary policy.
The fiscal deficit in 2019 was 2.76 trillion, with a deficit of 2.8 per cent, an increase of 0.2 per cent over 18 years: investment arrangements within the central budget were 577.6 billion yuan, an increase of 40 billion yuan over the previous year: special local government bonds would be arranged at $2.15 trillion, an increase of $800 billion, an increase of 59 per cent over the previous year, and financial support would be provided for the construction of priority projects.
It also proposes a reasonable expansion of effective investments by 2019. Speed up the implementation of a number of priority projects. Completion of the $800 billion investment in railways, $1.8 trillion investment in road and water transport, and the start of a number of major water projects to speed up the construction of railways, and increase investment in infrastructure such as inter-city transport, logistics, municipalities, disaster prevention and management, civil and general aviation.
In terms of financial resources, the state will increase its financial support for ongoing projects and major projects that complement the short-term plan, in order to ensure that the financing needs of the platform’s companies are properly met. At the same time, the state will implement large-scale tax cuts and lower basic pension insurance.
Statistics show a downward recovery in the pace of capital asset investment at the beginning of 2019, with a significant recovery in transport, warehousing and postal services, rail transport, and road transport operations.
The second “one-way” International Cooperation Summit was held, and the co-location of the “one-way” lead effect continued to be released. In 2018, our enterprises entered into new outsourcing contracts in countries along the “one-way” route, amounting to $12,578 million, representing 52.0 per cent of the new contract for the same period for our outsourcing; $8,933 million was completed, representing the same period for our country.
The company is one of the major infrastructure builders in the “one-way” construction and is the main contractor for the “one-way” representative project. In the domestic market, the company has a large medium-sized railway base.
The share of the construction market has been maintained at over 45 per cent, over 40 per cent of the urban orbital transport infrastructure market and over 10 per cent of the high-speed road infrastructure market.
Investment needs exceed $10.6 trillion. Meanwhile, advanced countries in Europe and the United States face upgrading and upgrading of infrastructure, and have launched large infrastructure upgrading and construction plans.
The company has a 45% share in the country’s and the world’s leading construction industry, railway capital markets, 50% in urban rail transport capital markets, 12% in highway capital markets, and maintenance of capital panels, which will boost the company’s operations. The company has a good stock of orders, and its performance will release high expectations, while improving its own business structure to raise the Māori rate.
At the same time, the desired net profit/combined growth rate since it was marketed, and the expectation of steady growth in future performance is high, with companies valuing the “market index” of this rating system with a depth of 300 indexes. I am qualified or well-qualified in portfolio investment advice by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent and professional attitude, and with an independent and objective knowledge of what I know.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.