An agreement was signed with Nanking Golden Dragon to expand the power cell market.
The two-way power of technology and markets is tied up to the van's leading company, Nanjing Kinglong. In 2015, Nanjing Kimlong produced more than 8,700 new energy buses, the country's second-largest pure electric bus producer.
It's still in third place. Lithium is a long-standing partner with the Nanjing Golden Dragon, and technology is highly appreciated by the Nanjing Golden Dragon, and it's a step further with the release of power cell capacity. The company's power cells are now equipped with eight passenger and logistics vehicles (the passenger car is phosphate and the logistics car is three dollars).
The new energy car subsidy policy has landed, uncertainty has been lifted, and car companies are actively preparing for production. 2017 The annual subsidy policy places higher demands on subsidy standards and technology thresholds, leading them to improve technology.
In the first half of 17 years, new promotion catalogues, local government subsidy programs are being introduced, and automobile companies adjust their models, develop production plans, and in the second half of the year they will be entering a phase of growth in sales. With technological advances in automobile companies, competitive power cell prices are declining, but firms have some transfer capacity and have technology and customers.
Businesses with \diamond resources are competitive, and markets should not be overly pessimistic. Previously, as new energy cars were heavily subsidized, lithium battery chains were more profitable, led by upstream resource-type firms, but as capacity is released, competition is possible.
And the core production sector, which was charged with rising costs and prices in 2016, and some of the leading technology firms, have been heavily tied down to the downstream car factory, cooperative relationships have been stable, the excess capacity of production has been less significant, as in the case of the hundreds of millions of latitudes where the gold dragons, Chang An, and Huatai are deeply tied to the market, which should not be overly pessimistic.
\diamond corresponds to 48, 29, 21 times the pe. \diamond is given 40 times the next year because of the company's three-dollar lithium quality. \diamond
"Billions of latitude lithium energy -- smooth entry into the fourth battery catalogue, " Billions of latitude lithium can report a quarterly rating -- traditional business continues to grow.
i. Supporting high performance growth 2016-03-18