Signing a billion-dollar order for the Nanjing Golden Dragon, powering lithium, and the next city, Tsang Do-hong.
The signing of the Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Nanjing Kinlong: the company announcement of 8 January, in cooperation with Nam Jingjinglong, opened the market and became a strategic partner in the use of power cell products for new energy vehicles, after the company ' s products had successfully entered the south.
It is expected to buy power batteries from the company for the entire year 2017, which exceeds 50% of the company ' s main business revenue in 2015 and will have a significant positive impact on the company ' s operations.
The amount of the physical impact depends on the conclusion and execution of the formal contract. The company now has a capacity of 3.3 gwh, which will form the total capacity of 9 gwh in 2017 and become one of the battery taps.
The battery catalogue, which has been supplied with a considerable number of models, is, according to our statistics, in the fourth and fifth batch of new energy cars, published by the Department in December 2016, 17 and 28 models, respectively, are among the top suppliers of batteries.
This also means that companies’ products are increasingly recognized by car factories. Employees’ incentives show confidence in future development: on 4 January, the company released its second stock options and restricted stock incentive plan (draft), which is intended to grant an interest to the incentive audience.
A total of 20 million shares, or 4.68 per cent of the company ' s total equity at the time the incentive scheme was signed, were divided into first-time and reserved shares.
The second phase of stock options and restricted stock incentives highlights the firm’s high-level confidence in the unfinished business, which we believe will outpace the performance appraisal targets. The acquisition of Foon Ante, and the operation of the lithium primary battery, which was previously announced by the company, is going to go up to the next level.
In 2002, Furant was founded as a professional lithium cell manufacturer with an annual output of 70% of the same year-on-year increase, and a pro-power battery bursting.
Production capacity of 80 million lithium batteries. Products are mainly used in oil industry wells (2016 - 10 - 25) high-temperature drills (lwd, mwd), electronic pressure meters, flow meters, intelligence.
The company is one of the world’s largest producers of lithium primary batteries, and this acquisition is beneficial.
Further optimize the company's product structure, consolidate its competitive advantage in the lithium cell market, strengthen its leading position in the lithium cell industry; and facilitate the company's consolidation of industry resources, rational allocation of production capacity, coordination of supply chain management and improvement of Chinese lithium.
The primary battery industry is generally competitive at the international level.