Electronics, other electronics, client approval, technology breakthroughs, 2077, billion latitudes of lithium can enter into a strategic cooperation agreement with the Nanjing Golden Dragon, and the two sides work together to apply it to new energy sources.
The market for motor battery products has opened up and become a strategic partner, creating a long-term cooperation mechanism for the new energy car market. Nanjing Golden Dragon is expected to buy power batteries from companies for a total of 1 billion dollars in 2017.
The product of Lithium rectangular titanium titanium phosphate lf90ah has been subjected to mandatory testing. Technology leads, location is clear. Companies actively promote new energy motor battery operations, total stock/flow (million shares)
Production capacity of 3.3 gwh, with a planned capacity above 5 gwh, expected to reach 9 gwh by the end of 2017. Technically, the product covers lithium phosphate and tri-dollar batteries with a maximum/minimum capacity of 12 months.
Aluminium shells are synchronized with cylinders, and there are two major production bases, Huixiang HQ, and Hubei Gate, all of which purchase state-of-the-art fully automated equipment from the world. By upgrading their products, the company makes phosphate lithium.
The battery system has a energy density of more than 115wh/kg, and the bus sector meets the new state subsidy policy of 1.2 times the standard of 2016/10/26, establishing a competitive edge in the company ' s market.
High nickel ncm, 622 ncm, orthodontic material, is a leading industry company, and the price of high nickel three-dollar power cells will be higher with the country's demand and subsidy slope for pure electric cars, No. 622 Ncm + Lithium Phosphate per kilometer limit on electricity consumption.
Client approval, growth guaranteed. In 2016, the company successfully entered the company catalogue of " Standard Conditions for Automotive Battery Industries " (fourth instalment) and was endorsed by a large number of car companies, and has gone to the east wind with a large number of pure electric vehicles in the entire garage, such as Yangzijiang, Land Cruiser and Nanjingtal and Nanjing Golden Dragon.
This time, in collaboration with the Nanjing Golden Dragon, we have further established the company’s industrial status, which is of great importance to the company’s operations. The electronic smoke business has made a breakthrough. The tobacco industry is defined by the Food and Drug Administration of the United States (fda).
The substance control bill came into force in August 2016, and although it regulates e-smoking more strictly, the demand has grown steadily, at a rate of more than 30% a year, due to the fact that Shenzhen McVell, a subsidiary, has a major client, a large tobacco company.
Lithium primary battery taps, very profitable. With the rapid growth of the network, the demand for smart homes, smart transportation, smart security, etc., companies are able to rely on the quality and size of their products, client approval, technology breakthroughs, 2017 performances, etc.
To achieve a sustained increase in the scale of sales of lithium primary batteries, the Māori rate has been further increased. The market share of lithium primary batteries has been further increased through the acquisition of capital and the purchase of frugates, and the field of active testing of tire pressure has been actively laid out.
Client approval, technology breakthrough, 2017.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report