(a) Consolidation of the main industry to strengthen the two wings, with lithium-complimentation, steady growth, a marked increase in the lithium ion and electronic smoke operations, and a three-fold increase in the composition of the business income;
Net cash flows amounted to $4.723 million, a 17.14 per cent decline over the same period. Of this, net profits and business activities resulted in the consolidation of the lithium primary battery industry.
In the oil industry, there is a strong market niche in the fields of heat-drilling, electronic pressure meters, etc.; smart water meters, gas meters, heat meters, and large space in the national power grid priority project “Four Forms One”, which only replaces the size of the market by hundreds of billions.
The power cells are in a state of outbreak. New-energy cars are the top ten priority development leaders for “China's 2025” in 2017, or will reach 9gwh. The company was included in the fourth and fifth batch of new-energy automobile promotion catalogues, supplying 17 and 28 models, respectively. On 8 January this year, the company entered into a strategic partnership with Nanjing Kinglong.
Together, Nanjing Kinglong will purchase a company power battery of $1 billion in 2017, close to 50% of the company’s main business revenue in 2016. New energy vehicles like Walter, G.C., O’P. Bach are also company customers.
Home penetration is less than 10%, China is even lower, and our smokers are over 300 million, and the future market space is huge. Large tobacco companies continue to be involved in the terminal market, and increasingly concentrated market patterns are very beneficial to the company’s existing customer structure.
Lithium batteries are capital, technology, talent-intensive industries, companies increase R & D fees, invest in partnerships with universities and scientific institutions in the country and abroad and attract more than once.
More than 200 R&D talent have been joined; second-stage equity incentives for senior managers and core staff have been successfully implemented to enhance corporate employee cohesion. Risk factors: national new energy car subsidy policy; and upstream lithium price volatility.
Figure 6: Corporate R & D funding and its acceleration (billions of yuan, %)