In 2016, Lithium 300014 was reported as a high-growth power cell with a wide range of alternatives to electronic smoke.
The share was increased by 10 shares, and a gold dividend of $1.20 (including taxes) was found; the company had made annual cash dividends over the last three years, with an emphasis on returns to investors. The first quarter of 2017, when net profits were forecast to rise on a year-on-year basis, was projected to expand the lithium ion cell business technology and the market in a two-way direction, with expected double performance in 2017.
The \diamond ion battery operation achieved revenue of 830 million, a significant increase to 36% over the 160.40% increase, making it the largest contributor to performance. The Māori rate rose by almost 10 to 23%, and the Māori rate is expected to be guaranteed in the future.
In 2016, under the double pressure of higher upstream material costs and lower prices, power cell cores and downstream garages, such as Nanjing Golden Dragons, Chang An, Huatai, are expected to be less affected by excess capacity and loss of profit space. The company's storage battery became China's supplier of phosphate lithium batteries, and this year's communications power is sold.
The company's high-performance lithium battery is too rigid in quality, actively layouts three-dollar lithium electricity, and is planning to produce a total power cell capacity of 9 gwh \diamond. The company's powered lithium battery currently produces 3.3 gwh (0.8 gwh) power.
Batteries + 2.5gwh lithium phosphate power cells, with a capacity of 4.5 gwh at the end of the first quarter of this year, have been expected to produce a total capacity of 9 gwh (including 3.5 gwh lithium capacity). At the beginning of the year, the company's two phosphate lithium batteries have been tested and have reached 1.2 times their energy density and are expected to take up the market quickly.
The three-dollar lithium power is moving in the direction of high nickel, increasing the energy intensity of power cells. Electronic smoke replacement space is vast, and storage technology has a monopoly advantage.
The company McVell has over 20% of the global end-market market for e-smoking, and is now ranked first in the world. As a result of public efforts to ban smoking and raise health awareness, electronic smoke gradually replaces traditional smoke, so there is wide room for future substitution.
In 2016, the company Lithium Original Batteries grew by 11.77%. Lithium primary batteries are an important source of energy that drives the main mass network in the future.
Smart security, car electrons, cellular narrowband networks, and the demand for lithium cells in downstream areas such as military industry will increase. Companies are actively pursuing international markets, developing automated production, and raising Maori rates.
In July 2016, the company implemented the second wave of the \diamond Stakeholder Scheme, with a maximum funding of 30 million people and no more than 200 participants.
In January 2017, the company proposed to award a total of 20 million stock options and restricted shares to 397 persons, including directors, senior managers, middle and senior managers, and core technicians, accounting for 4.68% of total equity. Incentive mechanisms are conducive to stimulating workers’ motivation and creativity and enhancing the company’s core competitiveness.
\diamond should be 32, 23, 18 times the number. Because of the company's high quality of lithium, sales are expected in 2017.