A traditional business has continued to grow, with power cells playing a great deal of glory, billions of dollars, a 73.45 per cent increase over the previous year, and a net profit of $252 million for parent companies, a 66.43 per cent increase over the previous year. In January-September 2016, the company achieved a net profit of $159 million, and the fourth quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the year.
The cash cow business, the lithium primary battery business, led to a significant cash inflow to the company. Lithium is now fully automated in 2016, reducing costs, and products are profitable in the face of rising upstream raw materials.
At the same time, the company ' s lithium primary battery business is expanding its application fields, involving smart meters, smart transportation, smart security, oil drilling, car electronics, etc., benefiting from new energy measurement systems in the country, the country ' s transformation of rural grids, the "Four Tables" and the development of smart cities.
Domestic market demand has stabilized, ensuring a significant increase in lithium-based battery orders. Active expansion of the Euro-American market has led to steady business growth in the smart meter market.
In the first half of the year, under the influence of policies such as the Powered Pool Associates, the Lithium ion Batteries had also generated $830 million in operating income.
The annual new energy vehicle production has maintained a high growth rate of 51.7 per cent, which will facilitate the rapid growth of the company power cell industry in 2017.
E-smoking continued to grow at a high rate. The company’s controlling subsidiary, McVell, earned $726 million in operating income, an increase of 146.59 per cent over the same period in the previous year, a net profit of $125 million, an increase of 227.33 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
The annual introduction of branded e-smoking into the market has led to higher revenues and profits; the restructuring of the 18 Ansan Road, Heung Fu City, Anhui Province, China, has led to a further increase in its own market share, which has boosted the speed of the company's e-smoking business.
In 2017, the International Finance Center (IFC) saw: (1) the acquisition of Fou Ant will increase its capacity utilization and access to applications, while also expanding the company ' s capacity to respond to growing demand. (2) The company discloses its shares.
The power incentive program helps to ensure high growth in corporate performance. (3) The company breeds a large number of high-quality households (land canyon, Nanjingte, Motoe, Huathai, Nanjing Golden Dragon) that sell new energy cars less than expected.
The credit rating system for securities in the yuan: