The company achieved business during the reporting period.
Income from the industry increased by 73.45 per cent from the same year, the net profits attributable to the parent company were $252 million, the national currency (including taxes) was increased by 10 shares per 10 shares from the capital pool to all shareholders.
Lithium ion batteries have a huge potential for growth. The company is actively promoting the new-energy automobile-powered battery business. In 2016, lithium ion revenues were 830 million, an increase of 160.40 per cent compared to 2016, with existing production capacity, phosphate-covered lithium and trio batteries, squares, cylindricals and soft bags being developed simultaneously.
Company Base - 2017/01/10, Huixiang Headquarters and Hubei Gate, both buying the world's most advanced fully automated facilities.
Rendering. Through product upgrades, the company has made the lithium phosphate battery system energy density more than " 2016/10/26 115wh/kg " , and the bus sector meets the 1.2-fold standard of the new State subsidy policy, which is established
The company’s three-dollar power cell uses high nickel ncm and 622 ncm positive arctic material, is a leading industry firm, and the value of the high nickel three-mile power cell will become increasingly popular as the country’s demand for and subsidy of a 100-km power consumption limit for pure electric cars falls.
The company's power cell business will be increasingly recognized in the market, although the price of the power cell will fall, but it will be a net incremental market for the company.
With 517,000 cars and 507,000 cars sold, the cumulative number of vehicles is just over 1 million, 5 million from the short-term target, and there is still a lot of room for rapid growth over the next few years. According to the long-term targets, the country's new energy automobile industry is still in its initial stages, so power cell production is still in progress.
E-smoking operations increase corporate profits. The holding subsidiary, McVell, earns $726 million, an increase of 146.59 per cent, a net gain of $125 million, an increase of 227.33 per cent. The United States Food and Drug Administration (fda) established a tobacco product control bill in August 2016.
It came into force, although the Act provides stricter regulations for the regulation of e-smoking, but because of the high growth of traditional businesses, the power cell business has a huge potential for growth, the main clients of Shenzhen McVell are large tobacco companies, and odm major customers.
The order continues to grow, resulting in a flat-cost spread and profit growth. Moreover, the autonomous brand has been broken, the market has been opened successfully, and the growth space has been large. Lithium cells have been rising steadily.
The demand for markets such as transportation, smart security, and the rapid growth of lithium cell operations. Companies open up international markets, achieve full automatic production, reduce unit production costs, and steadily increase profitability.
Lithium primary batteries are still stable in the field of active tire pressure testing.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report