Rocks technology Beijingroborocktech (688169ch) Robust collectors 2022, operations 2023 with 2022 Costaansteadyend, new productsproductsandimprovementnoperations
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
Stone Technology published the 2022 performance report.
The ccc msciesg rating still shows a double-digit increase in income throughout the year under greater internal and external pressure.
In the face of a complex internal and external environment in the face of the outbreak of conflict and the persistence of the new crown epidemic, the Department has further expanded its market outreach, both within and outside the country, and has actively promoted marketing and promotion, increasing the number of rmb33.72bn/us$4.84bn
The company recently launched the laundry machine industry.
The third drying technique: Molecular sifting with low temperature drying. Different from traditional heat pumps drying and cooling, drying, self-researched molecular sifting module greatly increasing the water-sorting capacity, the dampness of the drums' underwear, wet air entering the molecular sifting sift and dehumidifying it, turning into a dry and hot air stream, returning to the drums.
Inner dry clothes. Molecular sifting after wetting takes water decomposition and restores molecular sifting and energy. H1 is the first one to be certified as a dryer in the middle yard, which drys the wool and the silk. We believe that the research and development of the new product is proof of the foundation of innovation at the bottom of the company.
According to Ovieun data, the ratio of dry drying-up unit to the overall washing machine market was 16.1 per cent and 30.5 per cent on/under the retail line in 2022, corresponding to an annual sale of 4.1 million/2.5 million units in 2022, with an overall share and volume still increasing.
As an upgrade to a roller washing machine, we believe that there is a large market space. The new product of the new drying technology introduced by the department is expected to compensate for some of the pains of the existing drying drying unit, taking advantage of the washing machine market with technological innovations.
The S8 series has been launched since the introduction of the high-end s7maxv series in 2022, gradually stabilizing the image of high-end overseas brands. The land sweep industry is now experiencing a rapid turnover of products in recent years, with satisfactory head product performance and a clear market share.
Head concentration, product labels have increased significantly over the past few years, and there is still much room for better penetration. In 2023, we expect the company to continue to raise the city’s share in the country, pending further recovery from overseas, driven by industry beta and the company’s own alpha.
Chen Ziyichen Haaiyiliu