For the first time ever, Silver World's Wisdom has been covered by the World Wide Market, and it's hard to do the right thing.
The company is expected to benefit from the expansion of the Chinese market for medical equipment and the replacement of national production, while continuing to open up foreign markets.
China’s large-scale high-end medical equipment market is a long-term monopoly on imported brands and a low share of national production.
The R & D rate is 18.4%, and after many years of accumulation of R & D, companies have not only built up a matrix of products for large-scale medical equipment, ranging from low-end to high-end clinical studies, to achieve technological breakthroughs on a more sustainable basis.
In the field of end-of-life equipment, joint video medicine has become a top-of-the-art, leading to the development of high-end medical equipment around the world. Sex energy, high-end cert, mr, and pet/ct have seen the high-end products of global flagship medical, Philip and Siemens ("gps").
"Super-high-end equipment such as industry first 75cm hyper-aperture 3.0tmr, industry first super-high field 5.0tmr, industry first pit/ct with a 4d full-body dynamic scan function, industry first diagnostic-level integrated straight-line accelerator.
The market for large medical equipment in China is relatively low per capita, and the market for large medical equipment in China has much room for growth. According to data from the Medical Research Institute and oecd, by the end of 2021, China had per capita holdings of ct, mr, and pet equipment.
Not 34 per million, 9 per million, and 0.6 per million, while the United States has 43 per million, 38 per million and 5.8 per million, respectively. In addition, the relaxation of the configuration license administration, the significant increase in the number of configuration certificates and the introduction of the Department of State's new programme of action for the replacement of old equipment will effectively stimulate the release of large domestic demand for medical equipment.
From 2019 to 2022, the company’s overseas income increased by RMB 1.03 billion, or 39.7%, and the share of overseas income rose further to 13.8%.
Medical care is based on a high-profile seaboard strategy, using differentiated and innovative products that continue to break through high-end markets abroad, high-end equipment ut 960+, uexporer, emromega, and upmr 790, among other things, are located in large hospitals and research institutions overseas. Euro-American mature markets account for 47.0% of the company’s 9m23 overseas earnings, and Asia-Pacific markets account for 47.0%.
With a well-established corporate global operating system, the company’s overseas operations will continue to grow at a high rate: 11.41 billion yuan, an increase of 23.5 per cent in the same year; 1.97 billion yuan in the net return to the mother, an increase of 19.2 per cent in the same year; and our full-line layout, breaking the monopoly on the import of high-end medical equipment and continuing breakthroughs in core spare parts research and development.
The company’s product lines are comprehensive, and horizontally, the company has launched products that include a variety of large-scale medical imagery, except ultrasound, and a straight-line accelerator for radiotherapy. By the end of the third quarter of 2023, the company had accumulated more than 100 large doctors in the market.
Treatment equipment products, including magnetic resonance imaging systems (mr), x-ray computer fault scan systems (ct), x-ray imaging systems (xr), molecular image systems (mi, e.g., pet/ct and pet/mr), medical straight-line accelerator systems (rt) and life sciences instruments, have 43 products certified through fda and 43 products certified through EUce.
See, companies have achieved full coverage of low-, medium- and high-end markets. In the lower and middle-level areas, companies integrate images, human intelligence, and information technology, and produce products that target clinical scenes, such as magnetic resonance umr 585e, in order to enhance foundation-level expertise, diagnostic capacity for major diseases and regional synergy to meet clinical needs.
Treatment relies on long-term high-level R & D inputs to achieve a deep technological build-up, breaking the import monopoly on high-end medical equipment in the form of ge, Siemens, Philips (“gps”), such as the 2013 joint film medical rollout of 96 ring-upper clear high-speed photopent/ct product umi510, and the 2015 launch of the national product, 3.0tmr product umr770, 2020
At present, joint film medicine is still the only company with super-high field (3.0t or more) magnetic resonance and pet/mr research and development capabilities. Moreover, joint film medicine continues to break through technical barriers, with successive roll-out of several “industry first” super-high-end equipment leading to high-quality equipment.
For example, in 2018, in conjunction with its own advantages in video and treatment equipment, joint cinematography combined ct with a straight-line accelerator to launch the industry ' s first diagnostic level-led integrated straight-line accelerator, urt-linac506c. In 2019, the company launched the industry ' s first product, ut/ct, uexporer, with a 4d dynamic scan function.
In 2020, the company launched the industry’s first 75cm super-aperture product, 3.0tmr product, emromega, to meet the clinical research needs of large hospitals and research institutions.
The high-end equipment of video medicine already has the power to compete with the international giant gps, or even the “cow-over.” For example, the high-end products of joint video medicine have the world’s leading speeds and time resolution; the company’s mr products have super-high field power and hyper-apertures, and magnetic field homogeneity and gradient field conversion rates are comparable to gps; and the highest time resolution is available in the industry.
The development and production of high-end core parts is also a key element of the “crystal” process, with only a few national manufacturers and upstream manufacturers achieving high-end medical equipment cores at some production lines, such as mr, mi and straight-line accelerators.
Self-researching of parts and components and the supply of most of the high-end core parts is still monopolized by a small number of importers. Currently, all of the company ' s core parts, mi detectors, rt core parts, such as accelerators, multileaf rasters, beds, ct detectors, and low-megawatt tubes, high-pressure generators are also self-production.
Thanks to improved product coverage, joint cinema medicine has rapidly established a stronger branding influence at all levels of the country’s hospitals, and the share of the domestic market has risen rapidly, breaking the monopoly of the international giant gps. According to the statistics on medical admissions, the share of joint medicine in the Chinese market has risen from 7.8% in 2019 to 23.5% in 2023, exceeding that of Siemens.
Medical treatment and Philip are ranked second and second in the country's product cards. Of these, the market share in the high-end 64-row ct market, by winning number, was 22.9% higher than the market share of Siemens and Philips in 2023. In terms of sales, the market share of Mr in joint cinema medicine in China rose from 7.6% in 2019 to 21.3% in 2023, exceeding the market share.
In the high-end market of 3.0tmr, the market share of joint cinema medicine reached 22.6% in 2023, exceeding Philip’s third place. According to company disclosures, based on the value of new market orders, the company’s mi product has been ranked first in China’s market share for many years, the third quarter of 2023, xr.
The market share of products (including fixed dr, mobile dr, breast dr) is the highest, the market share of rt products is the highest. As the market share of corporate products, especially those at the middle and high end, the income from joint cinema medicine has grown rapidly, from $2.98 billion in 2019 to $11.41 billion in 2023, with an annual compound growth rate of 39.9 per cent.
In addition, the growth in company loads has led to a rapid increase in revenues from the company ' s health-care services, which increased from 160 million yuan to 750 million yuan between 2019 and 2022.
For the fiscal year 2023, the non-China Region received $16.770 billion (equivalent to RMB 119.380 billion) and 18.860 billion (equivalent to RMB 147.480 billion) respectively, representing 85.8 per cent and 87.0 per cent of the income of the two companies. The regional distribution of the income of the Global Medical Image Facility, Dragonhead and Siemens, respectively, is reflected in the regional distribution of income.
The current overseas market is still the main arena for competition in the market for medical video equipment, it is essential for the company to grow into a global leader in medical video equipment, and it will be an important driving force in the long-term growth of the organization. The internationalization of the organization is still at an early stage of rapid development, with companies pursuing a market strategy that is highly aggressive.
Taking advantage of technological innovations in differentiated products and strong competitiveness of high-end products, such as long axle Pete/ct, large aperture mr, etc., with over 60 countries and territories in the United States, Japan, South Korea, New Zealand, Italy, India, as of the third quarter of 2023, where joint cinema medicine has been successfully deployed in the United States, Japan, South Africa, Malaysia, Australia, Poland, Morocco, South Africa, etc.
Singapore, Indonesia and Colombia have established regional headquarters with 9 offshore spare parts centres and 17 offshore service centres with a global service team of over 1,000 people. By contrast, ge-health has entered over 160 countries with approximately 8,500 on-site service engineers, 36 global or regional maintenance centres and 46 client service centres, with wider area coverage and services
It is expected that its overseas operations will continue to grow at a high rate, thanks to its excellent output and sustained regional operating and service systems.
Large-scale medical equipment has been loosely equipped, the policy has been sustained, and leading companies have given priority to the benefits of China’s large-scale medical equipment, which is still relatively low per capita and has a relatively high growth space compared to developed countries. According to data from the Medical Research Institute and Oecd, by the end of 2021, China ct and mr had a per capita holdings of 1 million people, respectively.
Thirty-four and nine, compared to 43 and 38 per million in the United States of America and ct and mr, respectively. In addition, the penetration rate of large- and medium-end medical equipment remains low, with restrictions managed by large-scale medical equipment deployment permits. In 2020, 1.5 tmr in China accounted for 75.3% and 3.0 tmr in China.
In China, per capita holdings in 2020 were only 0.57 and 0.05 per million inhabitants, respectively, compared with 2.5-4 mi per million in developed countries. At the beginning of 2023, the National Health Board released a new version of the large medical equipment allocation license management catalogue (2023), relaxing the situation.
Large-scale medical equipment configuration management. Compared to the 2018 edition, management items were reduced from 10 to 6 and 64 rows were added to the configuration certificate management directory with top ct, 1.5t and above mr, with medium-end ct and mr no longer subject to configuration certificate number limits. Pet/mr, tomo and straight-line accelerators were also reduced to class B management.
In June 2023, the National Health Board issued the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Configuration of Large-Size Medical Equipment, which shows a significant increase in the number of different types of equipment planned over the 13th Five-Year Plan, e.g. 860 new plans for Pete/c and 309 more plans for 551 new plans for the 13th Five-Year Plan; and 559 new plans for the abdominal mirror operating system (i.e., abdominal robot) compared to the 13th Five-Year Plan.
The number of additional plans for 225 increased by 334; 141 for Pete/mr; 64 for 77 for the 13th Plan; and a significant increase in the total 14th Plan, which will result in an increase in the market for large medical equipment. According to our estimates, the cumulative market space for mi and rt equipment that are still subject to configuration management was in the 14th Plan.
The market space for ct and mr equipment that are no longer limited by the number of certificates will exceed 25 billion yuan by 2030. The 14th Plan and the Vision 2035 outline propose strengthening public hospitals and accelerating the expansion of quality medical resources.
We believe that, with the establishment of national and regional medical centres and the upgrading of district medical facilities, the easing of the equipment will catalyse the development of large medical facilities.
In March 2024, the State Council issued a circular on the publication of the Programme of Action for the Promotion of Large-scale Equipment Renewal and the Exchange of Consumable Goods for the Old, stating that by 2027 the scale of investment in equipment in the fields of industry, agriculture, construction, transport, education, cultural and medical services would be higher.
In 2023, the programme focused on strengthening the quality and efficiency of the health-care system, promoting the upgrading of health-care equipment and information-based facilities, encouraging health-care institutions that are in a position to do so to speed up the renovation of medical equipment such as medical imagery, radiotherapy, tele-diagnosis, surgical robotics, etc., and promoting the upgrading and upgrading of health-care facilities and the upgrading of their environment and facilities.
In terms of policy guarantees, reference is made to the inclusion of eligible equipment upgrades, recycling projects, etc., in the central budget, and to the use of refinancing policy tools to guide financial institutions in strengthening their support for equipment upgrading and technological adaptation; the central fiscal authority gives a certain interest-bearing support to bank loans eligible for re-credit reimbursement.
It is hoped that further stimulus will be given to stock-market equipment upgrading and the release of upgrading demand, as well as to increasing penetration of medium- and high-end medical equipment. As a leading provider of home-grown medical equipment, it is hoped that joint video medicine will continue to benefit from higher market shares and sustained breakthroughs in high-end markets, leading to rapid growth.
In August 2023, the Joint Film Medical Board, through a equity buy-back bill, agreed that the company would repurchase its shares in a centralized competitive exchange over a period of 12 months, with a total of not less than 400 million yuan and not more than 800 million yuan, with a repurchase price not exceeding 140 yuan/and confidence in the firm ' s future dynamic development.
(1) Risk of slowing down the demand for upgrading large domestic medical equipment; (2) risk of negative impact of overseas operations on the international environment; (3) lack of progress in research and development of core spare parts as expected; limited procurement of core spare parts or risk of increased costs.
As of the end of the third quarter of 2023, the company had accumulated into the city.
Over 100 large-scale medical equipment products, including magnetic resonance imaging systems (mr), x-ray computer fault scanning systems (ct), x-ray imaging systems (xr), molecular image systems (mi, e.g., pet/ct and pet/mr), medical straight-line accelerator systems (rt) and life science instruments, with 43 products certified through fda and 43 products obtained
Large-scale medical equipment in the country has been dominated by imported brands, with a low share of domestic production in the medium- and high-end markets. In recent years, the level of research and development and innovation in home-grown medical facilities has continued to grow, the core technology has gradually been taken over, and product performance has gradually been recognized.
In the broader context of the policy of developing medical equipment and encouraging alternatives to national production, large-scale national-producing medical equipment companies are moving toward a golden age. As China’s leader in high-end medical equipment, joint video medicine has been developing autonomous research and development over a long period of time, introducing a number of “state-owned” high-end equipment and breaking the monopoly on imported high-end medical equipment, represented by ge, Siemens, and Philips (“gps”).
For example, in 2013 the joint film medicine introduced the first 96 ringed super-clear high-speed optical pet/ct, in 2015 the first 3.0tmr, in 2020 the first 320 rows of super-high-end ct. At the same time, the joint film medicine continued to break through technical barriers and began to lead the development of high-end medical equipment by launching several “industry first” super-high-end devices.
In 2018, in conjunction with its own advantages in video and treatment equipment, joint film medicine combined ct with a straight-line accelerator and launched an integrated line accelerator guided by a diagnostic phase of industry, urt-linac506c; and in 2019, the company launched a first industry product, 4d full-body dynamic scans, uexporer (tal-bodypet/ct), which was obtained in the United Kingdom.
In 2020, the company launched the industry's first 75-cm super-aperture product, such as 3.0tmr product, emromega.
In recent years, joint cinema medicine has entered a period of rapid development, with income rising from RMB 2.98 billion in 2019 to RMB 9.24 billion in 2022, with an annual compound growth rate of 45.8 per cent, well above other large-scale manufacturers of medical equipment produced and imported from other countries, such as Vandong Medical Care (2019 - reduction in bidding for equipment in therapeutic institutions, but driven by medium-high end ct and mr, and therapeutic devices etc.
Treatment continued to grow robustly, with revenues of $11.41 billion in 2023, an increase of 23.5 per cent in the same year. Figure 5: Joint shadow medical income and acceleration, combined with the profitable sector of film medicine, is leading and stable.
In the last three quarters, it rose further to 48.7%, significantly higher than in other large domestic and imported equipment enterprises. With the rapid growth in the volume of revenue and the gradual establishment of branding, the efficiency of the company’s operations has been increasing, with sales costs falling sharply from 23.3% in 2019 to 14.4% in 2022 and management costs from 6.9% in 2019 to 4.7% in 2022.
As a result of the increase in the Māori rate and the decrease in operating costs, companies achieved a reversal of their losses in 2020. As a result of the expansion of the market and its expansion abroad in 2022, the company ' s cost rates rose in 2023, model growth, higher incomes from high-end equipment, higher revenues from services, and increased self-sufficiency of spare parts.
The company’s net profit rate will continue to rise in the long term.Figure 8: Bipharma’s net interest rate comparison increases non-recurrent income (net after tax) by $11,967 million.
In the current year, 97.1% of the company ' s net profit from the mother ' s income were recorded in 2018 and 2019. 3) Siemens ' financial year is 30 September.
There are three types of insurance: (1) insurance: a separate contract for insurance after the sale of the whole machine; (2) deferred insurance: provision with the sale of the whole machine; (3) maintenance: individual maintenance services. Between 2019 and 2022, the income from the services of the joint services increased from 160 million yuan to 750 million and 27.7 per cent, and there is still considerable room for improvement in the share of the services of the joint services compared with international counterparts.
The market share of production lines and the increase in installed capacity, and the gradual improvement of the system of after-sales services abroad, we expect a steady rise in the share of the company’s income from insurance services, as compared to Philip’s income from 9m23 services in 2023.
High R & D inputs build long-term protected rivers and drive performance growth R & D innovations are one of the core competitivenesss of joint cinema medicine, with companies continuously increasing their R & D inputs. In 2022, R & D inputs (including capitalized R & D spending) were 1.47 billion yuan, an increase of 39.9 per cent, of which R & D costs were 1.31 billion yuan, an increase.
The cost of R & D is far higher than the cost of gps, although the absolute amount of the company ' s R & D investment is still below the amount of gps (collectively known as g, Philip, Siemens). As of 30 September 2023, joint cinema medicine had a total of 2,927 R & D personnel, with 39% R & D, with a cumulative total of 3,946 authorized patents and the construction of high-end medical equipment.
Thanks to a deep technological build-up, joint cinema has gradually acquired the core technology of large-scale medical equipment, initially created a full-scale product matrix of large-scale medical equipment, and has entered the international first-class echelons in terms of some high-end breakthroughs and product performance, with the power to compete with an international giant, gps, and even “cruise overcarriage”. For example, the company has acquired the capability in the field of magnetic resonance.
The research and development of super-highfields with a strong 5.0t and large aperture superconductor magnets for full-body scans, while only one autonomous R & D production of 3.0t magnetic resonance by a national manufacturer, in addition to joint cinema medicine, and 7.0t magnetic resonance by an international manufacturer are limited by adaptive conditions. In the mi area, the company's long-axis, high-resolution pet-ct is a global leader.
In the area of rt, companies have achieved image-guiding technology and online self-adaptation therapy. We believe that continued high R & D investment in joint cinema medicine will maintain the strong competitiveness of corporate products and drive rapid corporate growth over the long term.
Figure 11: Comparison of R & D costs: At present, one of the priority R & D directions for large-scale medical equipment is the i and the intelligent solution. The i and intelligent solution can simplify the operation of the equipment, lower the threshold for the use of primary hospitals, increase the accessibility of medical equipment, and improve the diagnosis of doctors.
The industry leader gps focuses on the layout of al and intelligent solutions. The ge-medium has multi-image device solutions, such as the Criticalcaresite 2.1, which can automatically be used to analyse positive chest x-ray images, and the sonicdl, which can be used for faster mri scans. The ge-medium is actively promoting the whole product.
One of the applications in the package will be acquired for artificial intelligence and medical image analysis, mimsoftware. Philip recently launched philipshealthsuiteimaging, a cloud-based next generation of philipsvuepaces, which provides work flow layout based on artificial intelligence, remote high-speed access to diagnostic readings, and integrated reporting functions.
Several key products include: Magnetic Resonance Deepsolveai, which supports image reconstruction technology, which allows high resolution imaging at low magnetic field strength, which accelerates scanning speed and reduces noise in mri images; and a three-dimensional c-arm imaging system, which solves operating theatres by automating imaging workflows through self-ref-driving.
The shortage of personnel and overstretched problems, which effectively reduce the time, workload and manpower required for mobile and positioning systems; mammomatb.brilliant, which has a powerful ai function, allows for high-precision recognition of mammoma anomalies in breast tissues and, at present, the commotherapy and intelligence applications have covered the entire product line, including ct, mr, mi, rt and xr.
As in the case of uaifi in magnetic resonance, uexcel in molecular images, ctusense, uvera in intervention, all-in-on in therapy, the company will also continue deep-deep cultivation and intelligence in the future, improve image quality, assist physicians in diagnostics, and plan to expand the application of video devices by providing multi-processed clinical solutions.
Cmef (China International Medical Device Exposition) launched the uai Science Pre-Scientific Prospective Platform, which builds a database covering the entire age of 0-90 years, data processing of fully automated brain structures, brain functions and brain fibres. Technical barriers to core parts of large medical equipment are high and cost-effective, with only a small number of national manufacturers and manufacturers currently operating in the country.
Upstream component manufacturers are self-reproductive in core parts of high-end medical equipment such as mr, mi and straight-line accelerators, and most of the supply of high-end core parts is still monopolized by a few importers. The international giant gps, through self-research and M&As, has achieved full self-production of core parts, which has also become the share of gps in a stable global market for the long term and holds them.
One of the foundations for continuing technological innovation and breakthroughs. Since its inception, joint cinema medicine has focused on the autonomous control of key technologies and key components, with the principle that “three must be fully covered by autonomous R & D, all core technologies must be mastered, and the highest standards of national identity” as well as research and development. After many years of research and development and technological innovation, joint cinema medicine has been constantly upgrading its product lines.
At present, all core parts of company mr, mi detectors, most of the core parts of rt, such as fast-tracking, foliage rasters, auto-production of beds, c-detectors and low-megawatt tubes, high-pressure generators, have also been self-generated. In addition, joint cinema medicine has adopted a platform-based development strategy by building a common software and common hardware development platform to build linkages.
It can help companies to synergize production-line components and software development, reduce duplication of research and development, improve efficiency of research and development, reduce the whole life cycle, and also provide easy access to technological convergence and innovation.
Not only will it be possible to replace existing products with lower inputs, more efficiently, and expand the product pipeline, but it will also be easier to undertake multi-model combination innovations, such as integrated pet/mr, ct-led straight-line accelerators, etc. Full deployment of high-end medical equipment with the highest domestic market share
The company’s product lines cover medical imaging equipment other than ultrasound, as well as a direct line accelerator for radiotherapy. The production lines are broadly consistent with the international giants of ge, Siemens, Philip, etc.
With imaging and nuclear medicine techniques, there is a platform for integrating diagnosis and treatment systems that integrate self-researched diagnostic-level images into treatment systems that greatly improve clinical efficiency. The company has now launched a straight-line accelerator to guide diagnostics, and it is also expected to develop a direct accelerator to guide mr and a pet/ct-guided radiative system in the future.
Nationally produced enterprises, companies with better layout of high-end and ultra-high-end image products, have introduced products such as mr, long-axis pet/ct, and pet/mr, for example, at 3.0t and above.
The public procurement of medical imaging devices in China amounted to approximately 119.7 billion, or 68.1 per cent of the total public procurement of medical devices in the entire industry, of which gps dominated the domestic market for medical imaging devices, and the market share of cr3 (by sales value) together amounted to 49.7 per cent, a decrease of 3.1 percentage points from 2022. The market share of joint cinema medicine was 9.6 per cent in 2023, after the gps, which was located in 2023.
The market for large-scale medical equipment is highly concentrated, and according to medical admissions and mdcloud data cloud, the winning/sale caliber is 77.9 per cent, 65.1 per cent, 87.7 per cent, and the product lines of joint cinema have broken the monopoly of the international giant gps, with the total market share of the production line at the top three.
According to the company, in the first three quarters of 2023, both company ct and mr were ranked third in terms of the size of the new market order, mi had been ranked first in the Chinese market for many years in a row, Xr products (including fixed dr, mobile dr, breast dr) were ranked first in the market, rt products were marketed.
Third in number; first in number, third in mr, third in mi, third in diagnostic xr, and third in rt, according to the number of calibres of orders in the new domestic market. Uplifting market share led to rapid growth in corporate equipment revenues, which ranged from 2.61 billion in 2019 to 2022.
With the introduction of the company's high-end and ultra-high-end molecular image system, the company's product figure 18: the share of the company's equipment production lines in the revenues of the company's medium- and high-end ct has become the backbone of the joint medicalct product line.
Computer fault scan (compulsory, ct) is an image diagnostic technique that combines x-rays with computer imaging to obtain cross-sectional images of the human body, often used in the diagnosis of the osteoporosis, the brain and the neck, the lungs and the heart. Because of differences in the absorption capacity of x-rays in different tissues of the human body, ct rapidly rotates over the human body by x-ray beams.
The same energy signal, the probe captures the energy signal and computer analysis restores the fault image to a stereoimage. Figure 20: The principles for detection of ct devices, ct. Since its invention in the early 1970s, it has evolved to the fifth generation, where the most common ct systems are now the third generation.
The first two generations have been subjected to a flat-rotation scanning method, which limits the speed of the scan. The X-ray source and the detector of the third generation of ct (initially 288; the newer detector uses more than 1,000 arranged arcs) rotated together. The data collection system (das) allows multiple cross-sectional images to be obtained at each rotation. The current spiral is based on the third generation.
The X-ray source of the fourth generation of ct rotates and the detector is lined into a circular static. It therefore requires more detectors than the third generation, usually more than 2,000, which significantly increases the cost of equipment. The fifth generation of cact, also known as cinect, is used to generate energy signals using electronic beams. It detects very quickly, individual cross-sections of data collection time.
For 50-100ms, the need for heart scan is met. Due to high noise levels and low spatial resolution, the fifth generation of ct is phased out as the spiral scan speeds increase. Rows and layers are two basic parameters for evaluating ct devices.
In general, the larger the number of rows, the wider the detector, the larger the single scan, the larger the spectrum, the shorter the examination takes, the more the need for a motor organ check, such as the heart and lungs. Layers refer to the number of images available during the week of rotation, depending on the ability of the data collection system (das) to access images in sync.
The higher the number of ctts, such as 128, usually 64, is also higher. In general, cts can be divided according to rows: (1) entry level (entry level): below 64; (2) mid-high end: 64 to 128; and (3) super-high end: 128 and above.
In 2020, the global ct market was about US$ 13.5 billion, and according to the knowledge consultation data, the global ct market is expected to reach US$ 21.5 billion in 2030, with a combined annual growth rate of 4.8 per cent for 2020-2030e, as the ct market has evolved and applications expanded, such as heart scans, lung screening and pediatric disease screening.
By 10 years, emerging markets such as Asia and the Pacific and South America have started to be the main engines of growth in global ct markets. According to insight, the size of the ct market in Asia and the Pacific has increased from $2.9 billion in 2015 to $5.2 billion in 2020, and year after year China still has a certain gap in its ct-per capita holdings compared to the developed world, with a higher space for growth.
In the past three years, the outbreak of the new crown epidemic has led to a dramatic increase in the demand for the purchase of ct equipment, calculated at a rate of 34.0 per million people in China in 2021, but still far from the developed world.
The demand for Chinese cact equipment will continue to grow as the population ages and the incidence of chronic diseases increases, and the easing of the management of large-scale medical equipment is expected to accelerate the release of the demand for high- and medium-level ct. Figure 23: Per capita holdings by country in 2021
Since 2021, the State has continued to support the development of district hospitals, encouraging provincial medical institutions to direct quality medical resources to district hospitals, and strengthening district capacity, such as the establishment of chest pain centres and pawn centres to achieve the goal of “no small disease, no major disease, no county.” In 2021, the National Health Board launched a work plan, “One thousand district projects”, which identified at least 1,000 district hospitals by 2025.
To date, the National Health Board has published the first list of upgraded district hospitals, comprising 1,233 hospitals. In March 2023, the Ministry of Finance issued a report on the implementation of the central and local budgets for 2022 and the draft central and local budgets for 2023, emphasizing capacity-building for district public hospitals and the promotion of district hospitals.
The draft budget states that financial assistance will be provided through a general transfer payment of $170 billion, a carry-over of $30 billion from the 2022 accruals system to support local governments in controlling the epidemic, with a focus on fiscal development at the district level. According to the National Health Board, there were 17,555 units nationwide in 2022.
District hospitals, 261 more than in 2021, have a potentially new market demand. In March 2023, the National Health Board relaxed the management of large-scale medical equipment configuration certificates and transferred 64 platoons and above out of the management catalogue, which means that all public hospitals and medical institutions can purchase cert equipment on their own, without the need for prior access to provincial security.
In addition, the high-quality development of public hospitals will increase the need for hospitals to upgrade their medical equipment, stimulating high-end overlaps in the stock market, 64 rows and above.
The ratio of ct to ct will continue to rise. Censorship has estimated that the rate of national production is now over 50% below 64, while the rate of national production above 64 is less than 10%, and we believe that the potential for import substitution at the mid-to-high end and super-high end will be another major growth point in China’s ct market.
We divide China's ct market into 1) stock market: updated ct equipment already available, ct holdings remain unchanged; 2) incremental market: increased end loader, ct holdings. Assuming an average of 9 year updates by health institutions, the stock market will have an average of 5,289 ct equipment requirements per year. Assuming China's per capita ct holdings by 2030.
The volume will reach the level of developed countries, with 45 cts per million population, with 1,953 cts required in 2030 and 7,242 in 2030. Assuming 50%, 35% and 15% of low end, mid-end, ultra-high end, and 25,170 million Chinese ct market space in 2030.
The ctline is the largest single line of operations for the combined medical income, and the company has a rich and comprehensive portfolio of ct products covering a wide range of clinical and scientific needs, ranging from 16 rows of clinical economy to 320 rows of ultra-high-end scientific research. The focus of the ct is to: 1) improve the quality of images, such as small angiography; 2) widen the clinical application field.
Scenes, such as the resolution of motor organ images such as heart, the reduction of motor prostheses, and the improvement of the ability of small cookstoves to detect. Based on these two main directions, high-end cert increases in the dimensions of hardware parameters, mainly in: 1) the higher spatial resolution, the higher the spatial resolution, the clearer the image, the better the display of small vascular structures, etc.; 2) the faster the speed of the rotation increases to improve the temporal resolution.
To single-heart beat imaging; 3) wide-body detector (related to voltage) achieves a single organ (heart, whole brain, etc.) in motion-scanning, with a lower dose of radiation and a higher degree of accuracy and consistency in the time of data collection; 4) spectrometry addresses the limitations of density cookers, such as traditional cact image, using substances for different x-ray energy.
The different absorptions produced below provide more visual information than conventional ct, provide more quantitative indicators for ct diagnostics and improve the efficacy of diagnosis through single energy images, material separation and quantification, measurements, spectrograms, etc. In 2020, joint cinema medicine introduced 320 volts, ukt 960+, which are ultra-high end of the national product, and are in performance.
With 16cm of industry's widest z-axis coverage, the clinical needs of brain and cardiovascular scans, full instrument injections, etc., the spatial resolution, velocity and temporal resolution are at the same level as gps' top-levels. In addition, dict 960+ has spectrometry with tube voltage switching.
In April 2024, the joint film medicine released on cmef a brand new ct. 610 sim, a product set-deficit scan, radiotherapy simulations, image-guided intervention punctures, designed to provide more inclusive spaces for therapeutic simulation positioning, and more flexible operations for intervention-guided punctures.
Space; 4dct scans help with precision tracking of motion organ stoves, reducing target size errors during treatment, and continuous image-gathering techniques support real-time image-guided precision piercing. Hearts are like the most challenging applications of high-end ct. Hearts are motion organs and are not as accessible as lung imaging.
A temporary static image can be obtained by holding your breath, so it can create a kinetic pseudo-image that affects the quality of the image. General ct often demands a patient's heart rate when used for heart/circle tests, but normally clinical heart disease, cardiovascular disease, patients tend to have a high heart rate and a different pattern, and so a single heart beat can vary from one heart to the next.
Images, i.e., images taken during a heart cycle, are more appropriate for clinical needs. Because of the best imaging effects in the heart 's silencing period, i.e. the heart 's relatively static period, the heart ' s salivation 's salivation period will be shortened with a higher heart rate, so the single heart 's beating-to-speech staggers are more demanding.
Together with the 16cm industry-wide widest detector, which covers the heart as a whole, carrying the company's self-researched cadiocaptureai technology for prosthesis correction, the highest effective temporal resolution of 21ms, single-heart motion cyclical imaging, and the need for clinical free breathing, free heart rate testing.
The core components of ct include a ball tube, a high pressure generator, and a detector. The tube is a high vacuum cathode-ray diode, which is used to generate x-rays and needs to be replaced on average every two to four years. Because of the larger number of detectors, the higher the speed of the racks, the greater the average X-ray dose per row and per circle, only a large-power volt tube can satisfy medium- and high-end clock.
In the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Development of the Medical Equipment Industry, the power volt tube is clearly listed as one of the key components of the attack. In addition, the flying focus of the tubes can significantly improve the quality of the image.
The probe is to convert x-lines that have been reduced by human decay into light telecommunications. At present, the joint cinema medicine has achieved self-production of the space detector and has covered the entire product line, supporting different models of certifiers.
Ready, maximum row 320, leading internationally. Self-researched tubes and high-pressure generators have been produced and applied to some of the ct products, such as the approved nmpa uhct0550 product in 2018, and the ukt510, utc550 product, 50kw high-pressure generators for joint cinema medicine, are used on 40 ct.
The proportion of ball tubes and high voltage generators in the cost of the main business has declined from 21.7% in 2019 to 18.1% in 2021, showing a higher self-production capability for the higher parts of XI-M. The high-power tubes and 100kw high-pressure generators required for medium- and high-end ct products are still in the research and development phase and are being procured mainly from suppliers such as dunlee, Mansight, Spimann, etc., and we expect the company to be able to do so.
The self-researched 100kw high-pressure generator will soon achieve its mass production. Figure 28: Self-research of core parts of ct. Figure 29: Comparison of performance of core components of ct.
In terms of cutting-edge technologies, the joint cinema medicine has led and launched the "Fifteen-Fifteen" national priority research program "Creating Equipment and Biomedical Materials" , which focuses on the development of photometer spectrometers. There are no national photometers approved. In addition, the company is committed to promoting the smartness of the optics and plans to provide multiple diseases.
A full-process clinical solution to widen the ct application scenario. The tact smartness of joint cinema medicine increases the ease of use of ct, reduces the threshold for use of primary hospitals and raises ct by pre-scan intelligence, pre-scan smart parameters and smart position selection, re-scanned image intelligence correction, smart diagnosis, device state smart surveillance and automatic filing.
In 2020, the new crown epidemic led to an outbreak of company-ct product sales, which has been followed by a decline in corporate-circumcised revenues, but which have remained steady. From 2019 to 2022, corporate-ct equipment sales increased from $1.02 billion to $3.77 billion, with a complex annual growth rate of 54.8 per cent, thanks to the company’s full layout of high-end products and the company’s continued dynamism of high-end products.
Total liberalization of the ct product allocation policy in 2023, gradual release of demand for high- and medium-end ct products at all levels of health care, with revenues from corporate ct products rising by 11.7 per cent to 2.85 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis in the third quarter of 2023, of which revenues from high- and middle-end ct products increased rapidly in the production line of 3.0t magnetic resonance-led mr, and the share of mr income continued to rise.
Magneticresociativeimaging, mr. is a computer-processed video-checking technique for imaging using a resonance of signals from hydrogen atom cores in a certain level of tissue in a human body. Unlike X-ray imaging, mr uses radio waves and magnetic field imaging, so there is no ionizing radiation damage.
Soft tissues are better distinguishable, and body tissues, bladders, rectums, uterus, vaginal, bone, joints, muscles, etc. are better examined than ct. Figure 33: MRI interior structure
The mr equipment consists mainly of magnets (magnets), gradientcoil, radio frequency coils, computer systems and other assistive devices. The magnetic resonance equipment can be divided into permagnetic, common, superconductive and hybrid types, depending on the magnets used. The plmagnetic magnet is made up of permagnetic materials with iron magnetic properties, which are usually guided.
The superconductor magnets produce magnetic fields using electric currents to produce magnetic fields through conductive wires, which produce less stability and less magnetic field strength. The superconductor magnets generate magnetic fields using electric currents through superconductor conductors in ultra-low temperature environments, usually by placing the superguided material into liquid nitrogen to reach absolute zero degrees (-273°C), with electrical resistance of zero. The superconductor magnetic fields are stable and uniform and are not subject to external control.
The effect of the boundary temperature is highly field-high and modifiable, so superconductive magnetic resonance is now the dominant product, with superconductive magnets in the middle and high fields. The magnetic strength, homogeneity, aperture size of the main magnetic field generated by the main magnetism are important indicators of the performance of the main magnetometer: 1) High field strength and the high gradient rate of conversion can enhance the resolution of image noises and spectrums.
The greater sensitivity, the better the detection of the small stove, and the faster the imaging. 2) homogeneity refers to the sameness of the magnetic field within a given volume limit, i.e., whether the number of magnetic wires passing through the unit area is the same. The better the homogeneity (the lower the ppm), the higher the letter ratio, the higher the resolution, the less the false shadow. 3) The larger the aperture increases the patient's comfort and applies to the fat.
A gradient system consisting of components such as the gradient coil is used to create a high gradient field, spatially determine the magnetic resonance. Currently, the magnetic resonance equipment can be divided into medium- and low-end mr (1.5t and below), high-end mr (3.0t) and ultra-high-end mr (3.0t and above).
The ratio of effective signals to inert noise and spectrum resolution increases with the strength of the magnetic field, so high field power mr meets the need for high resolution, sensitivity, high contrast, and high image clarity imaging. High field power mr provides a boost to the ability of clinical and scientific research to achieve higher differential data collection, better tissue contrasts, such as local small blood vessels distribution, large
The stratums of the cerebral cortex, etc., facilitate the detection of information such as the organization’s fine structure and functional metabolic physiological changes, and further study physiological mechanisms, which provide an important visual basis for the precise diagnosis of diseases such as the nervous system. But the higher the field, the greater the biological effects on the human body, such as the heat, and a series of high-field radio frequency hypotheses.
There is a large gap between China’s MRI per capita holdings and developed countries. According to oecd, in 2021 there were 38 mr per million inhabitants in the United States, 36 mr per million inhabitants in South Korea, 36 mr per million inhabitants in Spain and France.
According to the Medical Research Institute, there were 12,361 magnetic resonances in China in 2021, with an average of 8.8 mr per million inhabitants. Moreover, since 3.0t and more mr equipment had previously been procured under the regulatory framework, the market in China's mr stock was dominated by 1.5t magnetic resonance, and according to Frost Sullivan, 2020 China.
1.5 tmr equipment holdings amounted to 75.3 per cent and 3.0 tmr equipment holdings amounted to 24.7 per cent.
It turns out that China’s market share of mr per capita will continue to rise as the upgrading of district health institutions progresses, leading to rapid growth in the market of mr. We expect that China’s share of mr per capita will be equal to 20 per million in the developed European countries by 2030.
People. Dismantling the configuration license will release the demand for 3.0t and above, and 3.0tr will be the main growth point in the future market in China ' s mr. We divide the market in China ' s mr into 1) stock market: mr equipment has been upgraded and mr holdings remain unchanged; 2)
On average, the stock market will require 1,373 mr equipment per year. On the assumption that by 2030 China’s per capita mr holdings will reach medium-developed-country levels, with 20 mr per million population, the new market will generate 2,429 in 2030.
In 2030, total mr equipment requirements will reach 3,802. Assuming that sales of 1.5t, 3.0t, 5.0t and above mr are 55%, 40% and 5% respectively in 2030, China ' s mr market space will reach 25,850 million yuan in 2030. Since the rate of national production of 3.0t magnetic resonance remains low, according to Frost Sullivan, 3.0t in 2020
With a national production rate of only 16% for magnetic resonance, we believe that joint film medicine, based on a well-developed product layout and strong product competitiveness in the high-end mr area, is expected to benefit from a trend of national production substitution on a priority basis, and that joint film medicine has accumulated considerably in the field of magnetic resonance. In 1998, Dr. Xue Min, the founder of the joint venture, founded Shenzhen Maidette, and
China’s first 1.5t MRI was developed in 2000, and novus 1.5t. In 2002, Shenzhen Maidit was bought by Siemens. In 2015, four years after its establishment, the joint film medicine launched China’s first 3.0t MRI 770, breaking the monopoly on imports in the high-end mr market, and China’s first and second-initiated MRI.
At present, the mr line covers 1.5t, 3.0t, 5.0t full-body magnetic resonance and 9.4t ultra-high-field animal magnetic resonance, and 1.5t and 3.0t magnetic resonance includes multiple products of conventional and large aperture, which meet the need for clinical research from basic clinical diagnosis to high end.
In the field of 3.0t high-end mr, the mamromega is the industry's first 75cm hyper-aperture 3.0tmr, and the magnetic field is still in the lead when the magnetic field aperture expands. mr 890 and mur 880 are conventional apertures. Clinical mr, with magnetic field homogeneity and gradient performance at the top of the globe.
In cmef, a top-level scientific resonance of the umrsagitta, 3.0t magnetic resonance, with a "double ellipse gpa" (gradation power magnification t/m/s), can provide ultra-high-resolution, high-letter noise ratio functional imaging, leading to a precise assessment of the microcycle of the brain and a high-precision identification of the physiological pathology in the liver, pancreas, prostate, etc.
In addition, joint video medicine has built a uaifitechnology platform of artificial intelligence technology that enables intelligent positioning, automatic recognition, intelligent image quality control, etc., which greatly enhances diagnostic efficiency. The acs smart optical acceleration technology is the first artificial intelligence-based magnetic resonance acceleration technology to be certified by the fda worldwide, allowing full sequence imaging of human body parts from time to time.
Ten minutes to 100 seconds, and based on this technology, MRI has pushed MRI scans into the "second phase" image age. In the field of superhigh field power, only three products are currently approved globally, namely 7.0 t MRI magnetom terra (fda, c, nmpa) for Siemens, 7.0 t MRI for ge, 7.0 igna 7.0 t (fda) and
5.0 t MRI umrjupiter (nmpa approved). Magnetomterra only applies to the image diagnosis of head or knee joints of patients with weight greater than 30 kg, while signa 7.0t of ge-medium and mrjupiter of gyrotherapy have broken the limit of ultra-high field MRI being confined to brain and osteoporology imaging, and approved adaptive disorders can be used for use.
The full-body clinical imaging of patients with body weight greater than 20 kg, but according to the ge Medical Officer's Network, signa 7.0t is used mainly for head or limb imaging. The MRI of joint cinema medicine carries a custom-made sar calibration monitoring system, which allows real-time calculations of radio frequency energy depositions in patients, and controls on the 5.0tsar values ensure the safety of patients with full-body imaging.
The safety of an all-embracing magnetic resonance image is effectively guaranteed. At the same time, by optimizing the design of an active magnetic shielding coil, the installation site for a 5.0t magnetic resonance is required to match the conventional 3.0t product, which can be designed in accordance with the conventional 3.0t scanner size, reducing the site demand. Research shows that 5.0t of an cerebral artery time jumps through the magnetic resonance vascular image at a distance from the brain arteries.
The end branch and small vascular branch have an imaging quality comparable to that of 7.0t MRI, which is significantly better than conventional 3.0t MRI (link) and an abdominal image better than 3.0t MRI. Thus, 5.0t MSR can provide more diagnostic information on cerebral vascular diseases, degenerative pathologies and malignant neoplasms.
The core components of magnetic resonance, including magnetometers, spectrometers, radio-frequency rings, gradient circles, radio-frequency amplifiers and gradient amplifiers, among others, have been developed and produced autonomously for 100% of the core components mentioned above, and the performance of magnets, gradient power amplifiers and radio-frequency amplifiers have reached a leading industry level.
Determines the basis for the maximum gradient field to be strong and the maximum gradient to switch. The maximum gradient field is strong and the maximum gradient to switch affects the image quality and image speed of the magnetic resonance device, and the higher the peak power of the gradient power amplifier, the greater the maximum gradient to switch, the shorter the time and speed of the gradient to reach the height required for imaging.
Gradient power amplifiers with 3.5mw gradients can be fitted to different mr equipment, super-high power 3.5mw gradient amplifiers developed autonomously by the company, are the top level of the industry and are mainly applied to high-end mr equipment such as umr omega, umr 880 etc., with wave-shaped accuracy of up to 1 million to meet the need for brain function research.
Helium soaking +4k cold head is the way most superconductor MRI cooling magnets are currently used, and is necessary to maintain superconduction in magnets, so MRI requires monitoring equipment for liquid helium level information and is not regularly replenished to prevent loss. Since helium is not a renewable resource, the consumption of helium is a matter of concern, and the price of helium increases every year, not only increasing.
With the addition of the production costs of MRI manufacturers, and the increase in the daily maintenance costs of MRI, low liquid helium/no liquid helium resonance has been a major industry concern. Moreover, China’s liquid helium is mostly imported, mainly from the United States, and there is uncertainty about supply.
In 2018, Philip launched the world ' s first liquid heliumless magnetic resonance ingeriaambition, a self-researched blueseal device that encircled the 7l liquid helium in a container with four fully closed cavity caps, which connects through a fine catheter embedded in a superconductor ring, in conjunction with a seven-litre microcycle cooling technology, while maintaining a magnetic superconductor state.
To achieve liquid helium-free consumption and leakage, and to avoid the risk of over-risking through a blueseal magnetic lift field. In 2022, domestic manufacturers also introduced liquid helium-free magnetic resonance (LDR) with 1.5t liquid helium-free mr in Vantung medical care and 100% no liquid helium through a free-cool cryogenic transmission platform.
So far, the joint cinema has completed the quantitative development of the non-liquid ammonia magnetic system, and technical optimization, such as reduction of pre-cold time, optimization of heat shielding, reduction of heat transmission, reduction of manufacturing costs, etc., is being carried out in the next 2-3 years. In addition, the joint video medicine continues to contract deep in the area of magnetic resonance artificial intelligence.
The comfort and ease of magnetic resonance contribute to the spread of magnetic resonance. With improved product lines and strong product competitiveness, the mr line has gradually become the main production line for the growth of the combined medical income and the second largest in corporate income. From 2019 to 2022, the company’s mr equipment sales revenue was 910 million dollars.
The dollar has grown to 2.07 billion yuan, with a 31.5% annual compound growth rate. Thanks to the company’s full layout of high-end products, the company’s competitiveness in the high-end magnetic resonance market has been increasing, the income share of high-end magnetic resonance products has increased significantly, and the company’s magnetic resonance is being driven from 42.35 million yuan in 2019 to 4.68 million yuan in 2022. In our view, 2023
The total elimination of mr product profiles will stimulate the growth of demand for 3.0t MRI products at all levels of health care.
Figure 43: Company mr productasp Molecular imaging technology leading, mi production line income growing rapidly over time Molecular image system (molecularimaging, mi) refers mainly to launch fault imaging systems, such as pet
Sub-launch fault imaging) and spect (single photo-launching computer fault imaging) are based on the principle of imaging through the injection into the human body of trace amounts of radionuclide-marked drugs, the receipt of radiation from detectors, the collection of data and the reconstruction of images to detect the distribution of nuclides within the human body and to infer whether there are diseases or physiological changes. For example, malignant tumours.
Cell metabolic activity is very high, glucose intake is much higher than other normal tissues, injected with radionuclide-labeled glucose into the body as a visual agent to concentrate it in disease-transformation tissues such as tumors, thus presenting bright areas in the image.
Pet displays only target organ or pathogen intake and does not clearly show human anatomy structure, so the current main stream of molecular image equipment combines Pete or spact with ct or mr devices capable of displaying anatomy structure, such as pet/ct, pet/mr, which reflects the metabolism of human cells to positive electron tracers, from molecular level.
To detect early changes in cell or tissue functions and to use ct or mr to provide high-precision human anatomy structures for clinical diagnosis to achieve early diagnosis of the pathogenesis. According to the 14th Five-Year Large Medical Equipment Configuration Plan, by the end of “13th Five” (2020) China
The total number of plans per pet/ct is 807 and the total number of plans per pet/mr is 69. By 2020, China had only 0.57 and 0.05 per million inhabitants, respectively, based on a population base of 1.4 billion.
The future cumulative incremental space for Chinese pet equipment is estimated at 2,618 - 4,718.Figure 45: National per capita holdings of pet equipment 2020.
In early 2023, the National Health Board reduced the procurement threshold by reducing the number of pieces of pet/mr to category B. Large-scale medical equipment deployment planning for the “145” period, published in June 2023, also increased significantly compared to the “135” period. Of this, 860 new pieces of pet/ct were planned, compared to 551 during the “13” period.
The score has increased by 309; the number of new projects is 141 in Pet/mr, an increase of 64 compared to the number planned for 77 during the period “13th Five.” At the current average unit cost of joint video mi equipment, China’s cumulative market space during the period “14th Five” will reach 15.20 billion yuan, and the demand is expected to be released mainly in 2024-25 years.
The meme line is one of the advantages of joint film medicine, from digital Pete/ctumi 550, which applies to clinical scenes, and vehicle-borne, mobile Pete/ctuexporer and pet/mr, which are applied to front-line scientific research, and has been shaped into a pattern of molecular image product lines covering the needs of multi-level users, with the wealthiest pet-related molecular image production lines in the industry.
Sensitivity, spatial resolution, and temporal resolution are the core parameters of the pet. Sensitivity determines the ability of the pet to detect disease, spatial resolution determines the ability of the pet to distinguish among small cases, and temporal resolution determines the image noise ratio of the pet.
Impact on image quality. At the core of the self-researched high-end medical imaging chip "China Cube" and uexceludp's all-core numbers, the detector created a new generation of molecular image technology platform uexceltechnology and, in 2023, launched the first set of pet/ct, umlpanorama, which was the first time to achieve an ultra-time score of 190 ps grade.
, using the uexceludp full core digital detector, developed autonomously by the company, using the minimum medical scintillation crystal (2.76 mm x 2.76mm), and using the self-researched pet molecule-specific chip, the “China core”, which is operational in terms of spatial resolution, time resolution and sensitivity.
At the top of the scale, the quality of the images has improved significantly, making it easier to detect early pathogens and helping the clinical process shift from precision diagnosis to precision diagnosis. In April 2024, a new generation of whole bodies of uexcel platform pelt/ct products umi panoramags, with a 148-cm long-axis view, the Tof time resolution entered 180 ps level for the first time.
With an ultra-high spatial resolution of 1.4 mm. The uexcel dpr, the first uexcel dpr certified by the mipanoramags industry, learns the pet replacement algorithm and the uexcelallrctal replacement algorithms in depth and can significantly increase the image ' s tone ratio, contrast and resolution and significantly reduce the radiation dose exposure of patients.
The length of the axisfov is closely related to the time of the scan, the length of the axis is long, the number of beds required for the scan is smaller, the long axis is long, the year the joint film medicine rolls out the 4d industry ' s first product, uexplorer (tal-bodypet/ct), which is approved in Central America. The uexplorer axis is close to 2 metres away, and can be used once.
Completely cover the entire human body with 1/40 extremely low dose scans and 15 seconds of rapid imaging of the whole body. Based on high image quality and very long axial angles, uexporer breaks the limitations of traditional static imaging, single-bed scans, and can see the process of metamorphosis and ingestion of drugs in the full-time era, providing a wealth of drug metabolism and vector change information for clinical and scientific research.
Systemic disease research and new drug research and development innovations and provide monitoring and evaluation tools for the efficacy of new treatments.
Under the parameters, different signal characteristics are created, which are more favourable for diagnosis, so that pet/mr has a unique advantage in clinical diagnosis, such as liver transfer detection diagnostics. Joint cinema medicine is the only enterprise in the country with integrated pet/mr research and development capabilities and yielding a quantity of output, and has introduced the pet/mr productupmr790. The spatial resolution of upmr 790 is 2.8mm, the spatial resolution is 2.8mm, the more ge-medic and the Siemens.
Sub-medical pet/mr equipment is higher and small cooker detection capacity is stronger; and its axle horizon is 32 cm, the longest industry, effectively increasing the speed of the scan.mi The core parts of the equipment are primarily detectors, which are self-produced both by the importing and by the national producer of pet/ctone.
It consists mainly of flash crystals and photovoltaic converters, which convert V-rays to visible light and transmit to PV converters to generate telecoms. After decades of development, the flash crystals have evolved from nal crystals to bgo crystals, and the new crystals that are now more common are lso, lyso, and lbs crystals.
The amount of crystals is an important factor affecting spatial resolution. The smaller the size of the crystals, the more sophisticated the system’s pixels, the higher the resolution, the more difficult the cutting process.
Body plant, leading industry crystal bee-eye cutting process, first compressed to 2.35 mm for clinical crystal sizes, laying the foundation for the highest industry resolution of nema2.9mm and hypersensitiveness of company pet/c products. Common PV converters include mainly pmt (photo-mode multiplier), apd (silicon diode), sipm (silicon light).
In contrast to pmt, the digitalization technology based on sipm enhances the spatial resolution, sensitivity and numerical properties of molecular imaging systems, so it is gradually becoming more widely available in the industry, using sipm for joint film medicine, Siemens for medical treatment, and ge-health for the transition model of lbs+sipm, and Philip for the latest dpc technology.
The conversion efficiency and image quality is enhanced by digitizing the source of the collection. Moreover, the high-end medical image-specific chip of the joint video medicine has contributed to a revolution in the system of high-end medical equipment, bringing the company ' s pet/ct temporal resolution to the highest level of industry.
Bo, Atomic Energy Science and Technology, 2020, the higher unit price of the silver global market mi products, which are at least $10 million, since 2020, the introduction and release of multi-pound new products have also led to an upward trend in the average unit price of companies, rising from $8,374,000 in 2019 to $15,315,000 in 2019.
Mi production line is the highest Māori rate for joint video medical equipment, which reached 64.0 per cent in 2021, well above corporate gross interest rate levels. Between 2019 and 2022, company sales revenue increased from RMB 310 million to RMB 1.53 billion, with a yearly compound increase after the company's equipment products were tested for installation and the installation debugging or acceptance report was obtained.
We believe that with the arrival of the 14th Five-Year Relocation Certificates to hospitals at all levels, city demand will gradually be released over the next few years, and companies, as domestic head manufacturers, with international leaders in terms of competitiveness and rich product lines, are expected to benefit from them as a priority, leading to a rapid growth in Mi revenues.
(a) Integration of images and treatment platforms to achieve precision image-guided therapy (radiotherapy, rt) dna which disrupts tumor cells using alpha, beta, gamma rays and x-ray treatment machines or accelerators of various types, such as radioisotopes, X-rays, electrons, proton beams and other particle beams;
Chains that kill tumor cells are the most important way to treat tumors. The prevailing equipment for treatment at home and abroad includes conventional straight accelerators, cobalt-based gamma accelerators, ct-integrated straight accelerators, cyberknife, tomotherapy, and a small number of protons, heavy ion devices, with a wide range of medical straight accelerators.
According to Globocan, in 2020, there were 4,569 million new cancers and 3.02 million deaths in China, the world’s first such treatment, and the World Health Organization reported that about 52% of the cancer patients needed at least one of the three means of treatment.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) recommends four therapeutic devices per million people, with more than five units per person in the US and European advanced countries.
Tomo)hd and hda models, direct accelerators such as edge and versahd and type B direct accelerators, Gamma-ray stereodirectional therapy system combined into conventional radiology.
According to the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Distribution of Large-Size Medical Equipment, by the end of the 13th Five-Year Plan (2020), China had 3,365 routine therapeutic equipment, calculated in terms of a population of 1.4 billion, with only 2.4/million people per capita in 2020.
By 2020, there were 2,313 therapeutic devices in the United States, calculated at $329.5 million for the total population of the United States, and 7/million for the average population of the United States of America in 2020. If the 7 therapeutic devices per million population were measured, the total demand for Chinese therapeutic devices (including straight-line accelerators) would have reached 9,800.
In 2023, the National Health Board adjusted the tomo and edge and versahd types of straight-line accelerators from high-end radiotherapy equipment A to conventional radiotherapy equipment B.
It is expected that the demand will be released mainly in 2024-25. The ideal precision radiation treatment is to target only tumor areas and completely kill tumor cells without damaging normal tissue.
But because patients can move slightly when they are treated, when the patient's respiratory activity and tissues, such as bladders, are not fully consistent, and as treatment takes place, the size of the stove will change, which reduces the accuracy of the treatment, thus affecting its effectiveness, and leads to an increase in its toxic side effects.
Crt, murky (imrt), volume rotation (vmat/raipdarc/uarc), stereo-directional therapy (sbrt/srs) and 4d-ct/cbt image-guided therapy techniques are currently common. In this case, image-guided therapy (igrt) uses video equipment to project the area of the stove and the surrounding normal organs before and during treatment.
Like monitoring, judging the size and location of tumours, and adapting treatment to the range and radiation dose in a timely manner, depending on the location and shape of target areas and organs, to achieve better treatment and reduce complications. Self-adaptation therapy is an extension of image-guiding techniques.
The core of the treatment consists of four elements: (1) dosage analysis in treatment; (2) identification and assessment of changes in the treatment; (3) decision-making on changes in the treatment plan; and (4) design of self-adaptation treatment programmes.
Optimizing the pain point of the treatment programme. The common igrt solution is to use cbct (carticose beams) images to guide the exercise, collect data by installing a set of cbcts at kv level per kilovolt and reconstructing three-dimensional faults, and to perform a stand-and-dose validation between treatments to achieve tumors.
Precision treatment. But, compared to traditional cbct, the image is of poor quality and resolution, and it is difficult to meet the needs of the cooker, so it is not possible to adapt the treatment plan in real time. At present, the visual induction technique used by Varien's straight-line accelerator is cbct, which uses an iterative cbct imaging technique that uses statistical reconstruction and scattering correction.
Calculators, for example, improve the quality of images to meet the need for target area drawings, dosage calculations, and self-adaptation therapy. For example, Walian ehos uses kv-level icbct (terativecbct, iterative cbct) to take images after the patient is on board and re-tweeted the target area, optimized the plan, online quality control, and eventually achieves self-adaptation therapy.
Unity achieves on-line self-adaptation by integrating its own radiotherapy system and the online self-adaptation process software system with the Philips 1.5t Disorder Magnetic Resonance System, which captures the tumor and the surrounding normal magnetic resonance image in real time during the treatment process.
The core advantage of joint cinema medicine is that the company has both the image and the physiotherapist line, and has accumulated a great deal of technical power in the field of imaging, so that it can take full advantage of the platform and use the video technology and the physiotherapy technology.
In combination, the main direction of development is to integrate diagnostic ct with a straight-line accelerator, and to introduce diagnostic accelerator with a level-based image to meet the image quality requirements of self-adaptation therapy. In 2018, joint film medicine introduced urt-linac506c, the industry’s first integrated ct guide line accelerator.
It can be used directly for dosage calculations, company automation software platforms, smart drawings, auto-planning, smart quality control, and intelligence therapy.
(b) On-line self-adaptation therapy: diagnostic high-resolution images of joint cinema medicine allow automatic precision conversion, follow the dynamics of tumours between patients, respond in a timely manner to target areas and risk organ changes and create new plans for intelligence.
In 2020, the company launched another conventional straight accelerator, urt-linac306, on board an automated software system that meets basic clinical treatment needs.
Therapeutic plan system (tps) is available to support third-party equipment Yes to support third-party equipment
A.A.T.T.T.T.T.T., I.T.T.E.T., I.T.T.T.T., I.T.T.T.
Shooting therapy (vamt/uarc), image-guided radiotherapy (vamt/uarc), image-guided radiotherapy (igrt), non-combined radiation treatment (igrt), non-polar radiotherapy, etc.
The joint film medicine has achieved self-research of most parts of the device, including accelerators, foliage rasters, beds, etc., and magnetic controls, which are still dependent on external procurement. According to the company, the cost of outsourcing magnetic controls in 2021 was 1.7% of the cost of the main battalion’s operations.
Intelligent sketching, fast-mock gold standard dosage calculations, smart plans, etc., and the launch of a remote smart cloud treatment platform with high operational ease to promote homogenization and to subdue top-level experts. Figure 63: Rt Core parts performance comparison
Warian millennium 120: Leaf combined velocity 25 mm/s, leaf count 120, leaf thickness 5mm, leaf leakage rate < 1.5%, field size 400mm
In the middle, 20 pairs of thin leaves (5 mm thick) + 40 pairs of thick leaves multileaf rasters (10mm thick) with a field size of 400 mm x 400 mm
Medically, aapexmlc: Leaf Synthesis velocity 10 mm/s, 112 blades, leaf thickness 2.45 mm, leaf leakage rate < 1%, range size
120 mmx140mm The Silver World Wide Market has developed a trend of precision based on multi-module self-adaptation applications, with big data and artificial intelligence.
Supported intelligence, visualization supported by digital twine and hybrid reality technologies. So far, joint cinema medicine has introduced a straight-line accelerator, ois, smart radiative platforms, etc., that can be used to adapt the current line to the diagnostic level of therapy technology. Companies will continue to contract diagnostic image-guided accelerators in the future, using a platform that combines video and therapeutic techniques to achieve many.
Modular images are integrated across borders with therapeutic treatments, such as mr+linac, bgrt (bioguided radiation treatment) to combine the pet with the straight-line accelerator, while upgrading the intelligent radiator platform, creating the smart cloud platform and the remote radiator platform, and advancing the development of multi-module clinical treatment I. In April 2024, the joint video medicine released the integrated cclobular accelerator ulinac on cmef.
Halostx, with 40 rows of 80 floors and 87cm of ultra-scan viewing diagnostic c.c. insulation of tumor changes, uses 65 cm x 61 cm of the industry ' s largest psid tablet detector for full-time dose monitoring, thus achieving all-in-one one-stop and oct-art on-line self-adaptation therapy. In addition, in June 2023, joint cinema medicine was received at $45 million.
Proton treatment manufacturer, Uppqiang, 4.69% equity, and expansion of the field of remission therapy, officially marketed in 2019 for joint film medicine, whose annual sales were still low but growing rapidly, owing to high unit prices, higher income recognition and longer cycles.
The volume of product sales increased from 1 to 25, resulting in an increase in revenue from the rt line from $9.0460 million to $250 million, while the annual compound increase rt products are currently sold at a smaller volume, so that average unit prices are subject to fluctuations due to product models and orders, and the average unit price for company rt products was $10.95 million in 2022. With the 14th Five-Five-Year Configuration Certificate, the country’s Ventility Markets were gradually settled.
The site will be opened further, and the company's approved release program software in May 2023, utsomniplantx, will be able to achieve a complete process of calibration, sketching, planning, Quality Control through the cloud, breaking the traditional work of time and space during the treatment, and will be expected to further improve the efficiency and quality of the treatment and contribute to the sinking of the treatment resources, leading to a sustained expansion of the treatment market.
We believe that joint cinema medicine has the advantage of technological research and development in the field of radiation therapy, that products are competitively differentiated, that they are expected to enjoy the dividends of market expansion and increased share, and that the long-term growth of the rt production line is sufficient.c Largely approved, the xr production line is basically ready.
x-ray imaging systems (x-ray, xr) are used to achieve human tissue by using x-rays for differences in tissue permeability at different densities Weaving images, usually divided into 1) generic x-ray machines (gxr) for image diagnosis, such as conventional and mobile dr (digital medical x-ray imaging system), mammo, etc.; 2) intervention x-ray machines
(ixr) is used for real-time dynamic imaging in technique, such as c-armed x-ray imaging system (middle and small c), angioplasty x-ray imaging system (dsa, large c). Drr is widely used for routine medical examinations and clinical diagnosis, which is the most extensive radiometric equipment for clinical purposes; mammo is used mainly for screening and diagnosis of various breast diseases; and small and medium c arm is used more frequently.
Dr is the base image device, which has grown more maturely in China. Since the introduction of China’s first equipment in 2000, China’s Dr market has accumulated overloads of equipment.
One hundred thousand, saturated, and incremental markets have changed to stock markets. According to the data published by the joint medical service, Dr now accounts for 60% of the overall video testing, which is a clinically essential universal device, and the more mature US Dr market continues to grow at a rate of 4 to 5%, so we believe that China’s Dr market will continue to grow steadily in the future.
The share of the Chinese market at the mid- and high-end Dr will continue to rise. Since the national production rate at the middle and high-end is only 37%, we believe that the national product Drr still has room for growth at the middle and high-end.
In 2022, heart disease, malignant neoplasms and cerebrovascular diseases ranked third in the mortality rate of urban residents in China in 2021, the State Council and the National Commission on Health Care in documents such as Opinions on the Promotion of Quality Development in Public Hospitals and the Work Programme for Integrated Capacity Improvement in the District Hospitals of the “Kiang County Project” all set out the priorities for improving the control of cardiovascular and tumour diseases.
Cocir statistics show that China had only 4.9 dsa per capita in 2021, well below the level of water in developed countries, and therefore the market is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future. Censorship consultations predict that China’s market will reach 10,680 billion yuan in 2030 and a composite growth rate of 10.4% between 2020 and 2030.
With a monopoly on import brands, the market share of the gps in 2022 was as high as 90%, so the domestic dsa market has a very high potential for national production substitution. Since the introduction of the first xr product in 2016, the joint film medicine has introduced the first national milk with a high, low-dose 3D digital milk.
The gland mammo 890i, low-dose digital flatbed mobile c-armumc56i, tens of millions of pixels level using monocrystal silicon technology were approved, and the complete xr production line was initially completed. But the company's product matrix in the field of intervention in x-ray imaging systems is relatively thin compared to the rich product lines where gps can meet different levels of clinical needs.
Fuxr tubes, which continue to contract in terms of automation, precision, intelligence, e.g. mammography from 2-D to 3-D images, dsa breakthroughs from 2d to 4d images, and use of in-depth learning techniques to improve image quality, reduce the use of imaging agents, use assistive diagnostics to improve the efficiency of doctors' diagnostics.
In April 2024, joint film medicine released the Smart Simulation of Air Robotic Angiography System (dsa), uangio aviva, on the uveratechnology Wisdom Simulation Platform, to enable a full-scale dialogue through the ulingo Wisdom Voice System; active identification of target locations and planning of motion tracks through the Usapce Digital Space Real-Time Intuition Intuition Operation
Sites, calculation of exposure parameters, early warning of collision risks, etc.; free movement of any plane through a 8-axis chain of air robots, free movement from any angle, so as not to relocate the magician station; high-quality imaging of low-radiant, low-mage agent use through uveraiq image processing techniques.
The core parts of the combined medical xr product X-ray tubes and tablet detectors are obtained mainly through outsourcing, and the high-pressure generator has been partially self-produced. According to the company, the share of the outsourced x-ray tubes, high-pressure generators and tablet detectors in the cost of the main camp operations decreased from 51.2% in 2019 to 39.0% in 2021.
As mobile dr is widely used in such settings as heating clinics, icu, isolation wards, and so on, the new crown epidemic in 2020 led to a surge in demand for mobile dr procurement by medical institutions, with companies increasing their revenues by 126.6% to 820 million yuan on a year-on-year basis. The 21-year new crown, when demand fell flat, led to a fall in company xr's income. With the impact of the new crown, company xr in 2022
Sales growth is normal. From 28.2% to 490 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2023, the revenue from the xr production line increased by the same amount. We believe that the dsa will continue to make a good revenue contribution to the company’s xr production line and drive Xr figure 74: corporate income from the xr product.
The global market for medical video equipment has grown robustly, and ACF medicine has further opened up the growth ceiling. According to the United States dollar of knowledge advice, the annual compound growth rate has been 5.5%, the share of overseas markets outside China has reached about 80%, and the market space abroad is huge.
With domestic firms gradually breaking through technical barriers, increasing their capacity for innovation and technology, upgrading their product structure from mid-to-low to high-end and even super-high-end, it has become necessary to move to overseas markets with domestically produced medical imaging equipment. For the 2023 fiscal year, the non-China region of Ge and Siemens received $16.77 billion (equivalent to RMB) respectively.
The shares of RMB 119,380 million (equivalent to RMB 147,480 million) and RMB 18,860 million (equivalent to RMB 147,480 million) are 85.8 per cent and 87.0 per cent, respectively, of the income of the two companies. In 2022, the non-China Region received only RMB 1.08 billion, or 11.7 per cent, of the income ratio.
The main battleground for competition in the medical video equipment market, which is a necessary route to the emergence of the joint video medicine industry as the world’s leading medical video equipment manufacturer, will be an important driving force in the long-term growth of the combined medical care. From the global layout, ge medicine has moved into more than 160 countries, Philip has moved into more than 100 countries, and Siemens.
Over 180 countries have entered. By the third quarter of 2023, 43 joint cinema medicine products had been recognized by the European Union, including 12 through mdr certification and 43 through fda certification, successfully deployed in over 60 countries and territories, including the United States, Japan, South Korea, New Zealand, Italy, India, and in the United States, Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, Australia.
Asia, Poland, Morocco, South Africa, Singapore, Indonesia and Colombia have established regional headquarters with 9 overseas spare parts and 17 overseas service centres, with a global service team of over 1,000. The internationalization of joint film medicine is still at an early stage compared to gps, maintaining a high growth trend. From 2019 to 2022, companies earned 100 million overseas.
In the first three quarters, companies achieved overseas revenues of $1.03 billion, increased by 39.7 per cent in the same year, and the share of overseas revenues rose further to 13.8 per cent. We believe that joint cinema medicine is more competitive in its products, that innovative research and development is strong, and that as the overseas marketing and service systems are progressively improved, the company’s overseas operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
Figure 78: Comparison of the scale of income in the non-China Region RMB 7.12, converted to 1 euro for Siemens Medical Income Exchange Rate = RMB 7.82.
Through high-end products that are competitive, companies have installed equipment at large hospitals overseas, installed and built label hospitals, created branded industry influence, thus radiating other regions and client groups. According to Grandview, North America is the largest global market for medical images, reaching market size in 2022.
32.9%, characterized by high frequency of distribution of new items and high usage of advanced high-end medical imagery equipment. The ratio of revenues to the gps in North America was more than 40%, and the side-faced presence confirmed that the North American market was one of the most important markets for medical imaging equipment.In 2018, the joint film medicine chose the United States as the first station in the world to establish a regional headquarters in the United States with R & D and production.
With robustly competitive global innovation products such as utc 960+, emromega, uexplorer, miipanorama and upmr 790, joint video medicine continues to make breakthroughs in the installation of high-end clinical hospitals and research institutions in the United States, such as the utc 960+ for major medical groups in the United States.
And uexporer, the cancer center huntsman introduced miipanorama, and the Texas high-end video center memorialmri&diagnostic purchased equipment for more than 20 joint cinemas, including emromega. The company collected $310 million in the first three quarters of 2023 in the North American market, accounting for 30.5% of the overseas market’s revenues, and accumulated aircraft.
Over 250. In addition, based on the principle of innovation drive, the company maintains good cooperation with American universities and scientific institutions, such as the “Explorator Coalition” of leading American molecular imagery experts, including the University of California at Davis, on the development of a whole body of pet, which eventually led to the launch of uexplorer; and with Yale University and the University of California at Davis, which is co-hosting the United States National Guard.
As the only partner in the industry, the Institute has developed new high-sensitivity high-resolution molecular image equipment, such as neuroexporer, to further build a global technology-led brand image of joint video medicine in North America through academic collaboration, to boost brand influence and to promote corporate business expansion in overseas markets.
The stock market in Europe is very large, and more than 10 years and more of the installed medical imaging equipment is high. According to Cocir's "gold rules" (the cocirgoldenrules), medical imaging equipment with a life of not more than five years must reach at least 60%, medical imaging equipment with a life of no more than 30% and life of no more than 6-10 years.
Medical imaging equipment that has been in use for more than 10 years should be less than 10% in order to get the best return on investment and take full advantage of innovative technology. The c-arm, one-third of molecular imaging equipment has been in use for more than 10 years, and most European countries do not meet the cocir gold rule (link), so the European market has greater room for equipment replacement.
Quality, supported by a well-developed after-sales system, combined with the innovative and value-for-money advantages of the products, can stimulate demand in the market and generate growth. For example, umi 780 has entered the Italian oncology centre, ircssacro Cuoredoncalabria, and oct 530 has entered the major Spanish medical community, Efidia Rocca Hospital.
In the third quarter of 2023, joint cinema medicine completed more than 200 installed in Europe, and in the third quarter of 2023, it collected 170 million yuan in European markets, an increase of 88 per cent, or 16.5 per cent of the company’s overseas earnings. We expect to do so in the future, as the company’s marketing systems, services systems are well developed, such as the establishment of technical support centres, and more innovative products are certified.
Asia-Pacific markets are projected to be the fastest growing medical landscape between 2023 and 2030, like a segmented market. Companies rely on a country-wide strategy, building on their innovative advantages in high-end products.
Key hospitals, such as umi780, entered Dubai’s americanhospital, and King Hussein’s Cancer Center in Jordan. In India, joint cinema medicine, in collaboration with local distributors, achieved a high rate of growth, upmr 790, emromega, super high, and in the second half of 2022, joint film medicine replaced Philip as the top three in India’s medical imaging industry.
In the first three quarters of 2023, companies raised $480 million in Asia-Pacific markets, an increase of 65 per cent over the same period, accounting for 46.8 per cent of their overseas earnings, while in emerging markets such as Latin America and Africa, companies entered selectively, focusing on service and talent development systems.
In June 2018, the Office of the United States Trade Representative issued an official list of goods subject to increased tariffs, imposing a 25% tariff on thousands of goods imported from China, and in May 2019, the international situation has deteriorated and the international trade environment has become more complex.
The US has announced that it will impose tariffs on 200 billion US dollars of list goods imported from China. According to the US Trade Representative’s Office’s list of tariff tariffs, companies’ ct, mr, pet/ct, pet/mr, straight-line accelerators, xr are all included in the list of tariff-added goods. Companies have actively applied for and approved exemptions for part of the machine-type tariff increases.
At present, uexporer and ubioexporer are exempted from customs duties. Figure 81: Combined Shadow Medical Products Lines are subject to the U.S. Accumulation of Tariffs, and their inclusion on the Consolidated Tariff List is largely reflected in the cost increases and squeezes caused by companies ' own tariffs.
Equipment has achieved a steady increase in the overall Māori rate in the United States market.
In view of the surge in procurement demand for ct during the new coronary epidemic, we believe that in the post-epidemic period, ct increased by 26e at a combined rate of 10%. The mr production line is expected to increase by 3.0t magnetic resonance lumega, and a new generation of large apertures.
With the rapid growth driven by high-end innovations such as 1.5t MRI and 5.0t MRI, we expect the income from mr production lines to be phased out over the course of the 14th Five-Year Period, the domestic market of mi and rt will grow significantly between 2024 and 2025, leading to a high rate of growth in MMI and rt production lines.
The xr line is gradually being improved to drive a robust growth of the xr line, and the revenue from the xr line is expected to be 24e/25e/26e on a par with that of the company, which is expected to increase by 24e/25e/26e, and with the increase in the volume of air loads, both within and outside the company's production lines, and the completion of the offshore service system, the joint video health insurance service will be receiving a rapid increase, with the service income ratio rising.
The increasing competitiveness of the equipment products at the mid-to-high end of the market is expected to lead to an increase in the revenue share of high-end products in the company. With a higher Māori ratio of high-to-medium-end products, we expect a steady increase in Māori sales of equipment in the company at 2024e-2026e. Moreover, we expect the unit labour cost to decrease as the income from the company’s maintenance services increases.
The rate of Māori in VSP services will increase. The increase in Māori income in VSP services will also be on the rise, and we anticipate that in 2023, joint cinema medicine increased marketing and marketing activities, actively participated in national and international academic meetings, and expanded overseas operations, resulting in an increase of 2 per cent to 16.9 per cent in the cost of sales in the previous three quarters.
In view of the rapid growth in corporate revenues and the company’s continued expansion of overseas markets over the next few years, we expect the company to have a massive expansion of talent and a 33% increase in the number of employees in 2022. Meanwhile, the company hired bcg to carry out four advisory projects on talent organization, globalization strategies, business systems construction and innovation systems because
Thus, in 2022, the management cost rate for joint cinema was slightly increased to 4.7 per cent and in the first three quarters of 2023 to 5.1 per cent, as a result of the company ' s relatively high income in the fourth quarter, and we expect the management cost to be 4.9 per cent for the entire year 2023, and as the efficiency of the company ' s management and the size of its revenues increase, we expect that the management cost rate for the company will show a steady decrease in 24e/25e/26e.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the cost of R & D increased by 3.6 to 18.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, as a result of the company ' s relatively high income in the fourth quarter, and I hold the company ' s leading edge in core technology, but given the rapid growth in the company ' s income, we expect 24e/
Figure 89: Comparison of Silver International and Market Forecasts (1) Risk of slowing down demand for major medical equipment upgrades; (2) Risk of negative impact on the international environment of overseas business expansion;
(3) Research and development of core spare parts is not proceeding as fast as expected; procurement of core spare parts is limited or at higher cost risk.