In the first three quarters of 2019, the company achieved an operating income of 2,626 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
29.03 per cent; net return to the mother, $328 million, 46.25 per cent more than the previous year; net profit, $327 million less return to the mother, 46.98 per cent more than the previous year; net cash flows, $1 billion more than the same year, 29.42 per cent more; net return to the mother, $167 million more than the same year, 54.59 per cent more;
In the first three quarters of 2019, the company ' s overall Māori rate was 33.59 per cent, an increase of 1.78 pct, an increase of 4.78 pcc over the same period last year, which we believe is mainly due to the rapid growth of Māori operations and the gradual improvement in capacity utilization.
The clinical layout is constantly improving, the expansion of capacity guarantees business continuity, and the company completed its income structure (2019h1) for Nanjing Siwi and Wanda in the first half of the year, respectively.
Merging and holding shares to further improve the company ' s layout of the domestic market for clinical research services. Due to the relatively low degree of replication of clinical operations, it is expected that the future will lead to rapid growth in performance as clinical operations are integrated.
Billion dollars, an increase of 28.154 per cent over the same year, mainly as a result of the continued investment in the Hangzhou Bay Life Science and Technology Park II and Tianjin Park III, the continued expansion of productive capacity and the risk of changes in industrial regulatory policies; and the increased risk of competition in the pharmaceutical research and development services sector;
The risk of brain drain: the risk of intellectual property protection, taking into account the growing profitability of the company, we have raised the company 19 and 20 years to 48.8 times. We believe that the company is one of the leading companies in the cro's entire chain.
It is hoped to benefit from the global surge in new drug research and development and the continued expansion of the company’s own business, with clear growth. Future improvements in the company’s Māori ratio will continue with the gradual integration of clinical operations and continued growth in capacity utilization.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.