Read the h share book, profit or re-enhancement in 2020-21.
More than HK$ 4,603 million (no over-appropriation). This is also the third cross-a+h layout of a stock medicine outsourcing company, which we believe reflects the non-pharmaceutical nature of the need for internationalization in the context of the continued increase in the value of the comparative advantage of a share, in comparison with the continued need for internationalization.
In the case of Con, one of the fast-growing global pre-clinical medical outsourcing headlines, the company has continued to accelerate its new business platform, expanding its capacity since 2015, and the listing of shares is another example of such an accelerated layout.
To try, we emphasize the logic of keeping a close eye on the continuing breakthroughs in the corporate capacity boundary, and we believe that while the productivity of operations such as bioscience, cmc, etc. continues to increase, the industry landscape is reflected in the mobilization of funds for capacity expansion and for the acquisition or development of new technology platforms in 2020.
The Hong Kong stock market raised about HK$ 4,065 million (based on median offer prices), mainly to expand the capacity of Chinese laboratories and production facilities (30%), and to support further US and British operations.
The expansion (10%), the platform for research and development services for bioagents (20%), the expansion of clinical development services and their capacity to supplement liquidity (10%). In the context of the historical expansion of corporate operations, we find that corporate services are becoming more extensive and more vertically expanding, with vertical expansion starting in 2015 (dmpk, cmc, clinical development services) accelerating.
While there has been a further increase in clinical development, cmc capacity expansion, large-group expansion and landing initiatives since it came to the market in 2018, we have also found that “synergy” has been repeatedly emphasized in the 2018 annual report and in the newspaper itself, and we believe that this represents a phase in corporate client accumulation, business integration and gradual qualitative transformation, which expands on its advantages.
In terms of power, scale up, etc., it is necessary for companies to further upgrade their capacity for integrated services, while at the same time taking advantage of the cross-cutting development of the cdmo business climate window for big and small molecules, and we are also happy to see that this process is robust, with continuous improvement in the company's fundamentals in the process.
Q3 speed up profitability 100% retention rate for clients, 80% cmc service from their own drug discovery clients, a steady flow of guidance, a foundation for business expansion and scale-up
Conlon's three-quarter report advance of 2019 shows that the current retention rate for company clients is 100 per cent, higher than the average level of medical outsourcing, while referring to the fact that 80 per cent of the company's cmc business comes from “drug discovery” clients, which we specifically point to.
The data show a 50.9 per cent increase in revenue for the 2019q1-q3c operation over the year, with a clear acceleration, while the improvement in the company ' s Māori ratio (from 32.3 per cent in 2018 to 33.5 per cent) also suggests an increase in operations.
The process of incremental scale (cmc, security assessment, clinical development). The trend of rising corporate fffs patterns (60% of 2019h1) has also proven the rapid growth of incremental operations, and we believe that with the rapid growth of large operations (efficiency improvements have led to a greater range of Māori improvements), companies have improved their profitability.
A step-by-step space to consider the build-up cycle and depreciation of fixed assets for this collection (mainly focused on the acceleration of vertical expansion of the service chain, which we believe is promising to raise investors' awareness of the ceiling of corporate operations) and we think that since we were listed, the firm's focus has been on the vertical expansion of the capacity of stock operations and the service chain.
This also provides a basis for the company to increase its long-term business ceiling and to increase its synergies further. 1 stock of operations has continued to expand. The company ' s continued investment in the first three months of the three life science parks in Ningpohang Bay, phase II, and Tianjin, which resulted in $13 million in construction in progress, an increase of 281 per cent, is also seen as a reflection of the company ' s short-term medium-term growth.
Continued expansion in productive capacity (stock and cdmo).2 Vertical expansion of the industrial chain has intensified. In addition to construction work, equity in clinical operations was expanded in the first three quarters of 2019, with 240 million dollars in successive investments to merge Nanjing Shige (Clinical Cro) and Smo, which we believe to be part of the United Nations Foundation in Beijing.
The depth of the chain of service industries reflects the strategic intent of companies to upgrade their medium- and long-term business ceilings, and we will keep track of them. Given the realization of the net interest-rate pull effect of the company’s incremental business, we maintain a “recommended” rating.
Management risks associated with accelerated business layout, short-term fluctuations in orders, and management challenges arising from clinical business layout.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,