Synergy drives elastic release and the acceleration of performance is expected to continue.
Billion dollars, 40-50 per cent increase over the same period; $153-175 million net profit for the first quarter of 2019q3, $153-175 million over the same period.
In our view, 2019 q3, the firm's physical laboratory business continued its steady growth of 209h1; cmc, on the other hand, benefited from laboratory chemistry and biology.
The performance of the single quarter has a high base, and we believe that the profit margin has also increased significantly in the case of the fast growth of the 2019 q3 cmc operations at the end of the harvest. Given the international competitiveness of the company’s laboratory operations, the stability of growth and the continued performance of the flow, the increase in the revenue of the cmc operations has been more sustained and the trend towards higher performance has been determined.
The company is in a period of accelerated capacity break-through, breaking through the area of service expansion, and upgrading the ceiling. The company's cmc operations are growing rapidly, gradually validating the company's ability to accelerate service expansion and improve industrial competitiveness. On this basis, the accelerated expansion of biosciences and cmc operations in the short and medium term has created high resilience, medium and long-term, clinical services, and scores.
Given the competitive nature of the company’s core business, the high level of certainty about the yield gain of cmc below the flow effect, and the performance, the collection price is 75 times greater than in 2019, and the comparable corporate valuation shows that Kang Long has been converted into a sub-contribution, valued and valued.
We maintain our previous “carefully recommended” ratings, taking into account the judgement that it is in an accelerated business deployment period and that profitability is expected to continue to improve. The management risks associated with accelerated business layout, short-term fluctuations in orders, and management challenges associated with clinical layouts.
2. Conlon into 300759: Incentive programme boost, accelerated capacity development
Xu Mufan, Research Assistant, LL.B. in Pharmacy, University of Gangan, and M.A. in International Finance, University of Glasgow, joined in May 2019. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.