In 2019, the company published the three-quarterly report of 2019, which increased profits by 29.0 per cent, 46.3 per cent and 47.0 per cent, respectively, and net cash flows from business activities by 532 million yuan.
This represents an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same period; in the single quarter of the third quarter, operating income, net return profits, net profit deductions and net return profits, respectively, increased by 29.4 per cent, 54.6 per cent and 60.7 per cent, respectively.
\triangleright company capacity boundary breakthrough judgement 1 Income end analysis, incremental operations (cmc) or continuation of accelerated income growth trend. 2019q3 single quarter
The same income growth of 29.4 per cent and the same acceleration of the previous three quarters were well matched, with a special reminder that the unit was moving in comparison with the depth of 300, that the ring was rising, and that we thought that more was the company's incremental business (bioscience, bioscience) at the same time as the industry's increased concentration.
Cmc, security assessment operations, etc.) or the continuation of the trend of accelerated income growth in the first half of the year. 22,019q3 profitability shows a trend of accelerated growth, with the same rate of Māori for the first quarter of 2019q3 increasing by 1.4, 4.8 percentage points for the ring, and 2.3, 1.8 percentage points for each of the three cost ratios and 1.8 percentage points for the ring, mainly as a result of lower administrative costs.
We estimate that cmc continues the trend of the first half of the year and that, with the increase in capacity utilization, the acceleration of income growth and the effects of scale continue to reflect the above-mentioned situation, which in turn leads to net interest rates of 2019 q3 equal, ring increases of 2.0 and 4.3 percentage points, taking into account the negative contribution of the return on investment (loss of investment in derivative financial instruments).
We estimate that the q3 single-season net interest rate improvement trend is even more pronounced, and we believe that this is also evidence of the change in the income end, as the scale effect of the accelerated growth of incremental business income becomes more evident, leading to an acceleration in the rate of net interest rates, and we view in the short and medium term the profitability window period of the company's bioscience, cmc incremental business expansion.
In the medium and long term, attention has been given to the long-term upscaling of the long-term ceiling as a result of the continued vertical expansion of the company’s service chain. Operating cash flows have grown steadily, reflecting a higher quality of growth \triangleright
In the first three quarters of 2019, net operating cash flows to companies reached $532 million, an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same period, taking into account the recognition of income from medical outsourcing operations, which, in our view, reflects a high quality of growth, especially in the accelerated business expansion period, and we pay more attention to income-side performance and the “sale of goods, supply of services received”
1. Conlong became (300759), the three-quarterly advance of 2019, and the balance of income, and the data showed a high match in the first three quarters of 2019. In sum, let's take a look at: synergism drives elastic release, performance.
The vertical expansion of the service chain has accelerated, and we think it is possible to raise investors’ awareness of the company’s business ceiling \triangleright
In mid-2019, Conlong became the mid-point review: we believe that what companies have been focusing on since they were listed is the vertical expansion of the capacity of stock operations and the service chain.
The company has continued to invest in the first three quarters of the first three phases of the Life Science and Technology Park in Ningpohang Bay and Tianjin, resulting in $13 million in ongoing construction, an increase of 281% compared to the 281%.
In addition to construction work, in the first three quarters of 2019, equity in the area of capital expenditure was expanded in clinical operations, with 240 million dollars in successive investments, bringing together Nanjing Siew (Clinical Cro) and the Union of Holdings Beijing.
Smo, we believe that the depth of this service chain reflects the strategic intent of the company to upgrade its medium- and long-term business ceiling, and that we will keep track of it. Considering the realization of the net interest rate pull effect of the company’s incremental business, let’s go a little further than we know about the rhythm.
Management challenges posed by the accelerated layout of operations, short-term fluctuations in orders, and the clinical layout of operations. Authors with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and assurance that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,