Industrial control continues, electrical control progresses.
With 980 million yuan, an increase of 25 per cent in the same year, a net return of 200 million to the mother, an increase of 15 per cent in the same year, a slightly lower-than-expected growth in corporate incomes in the first quarter, and a higher growth in profits. We expect the company’s income and profits to rise gradually in the second quarter, with an increase of more than 30 per cent expected in the year as a whole.
We expect that 40% of the company's general automation will be on a liquid server and the elevator unit will remain stable: the company's general automated product market will increase, and the import of the alternative will be fruitful.
Frequency changers, servers, which cover about 100% of the country's market demand, 80% of the current frequency changers.
We expect general automation to grow by about 40% in the first quarter, and growth is expected to rise in the second quarter, due to the relatively late passage of the year and the confirmation of orders for 30-45 days or so.
Phase, resulting in delays in the confirmation of corporate orders in March, which will be partially confirmed in the second quarter, 1. Tracks are expected to be refilled to stabilize Sue and expected to be achieved throughout 2018 with corporate general frequency transformers, universal servers, and plc, respectively
In addition to this, the company industrial robots are now in their high-growth year of 2017.
3. " Performance forecasts are over-expected, high-quality quantities are growing to the top, manufacturing crowns are growing in synergy with corporate general automation; companies are administrating fluids for competitiveness. "
Electric car controls are expected to double in the first quarter, and car electronic space is vast. In January-February, 82,000 and 75,000 electric vehicles were sold nationwide, representing an increase of 226 per cent and 200 per cent, respectively, and in March, 65,000 electric vehicles were certified, an increase of 101 per cent, while all-round sales continued to grow and production continued to grow at a high rate.
Xiaotong's output in row 201801 increased by 200%, and passenger vehicle power control will continue to be repaired in the first half of the year. The company's passenger vehicle, Electric Control Camp, accounts for about 60% of the car's electronics, and its lighthouse client Yutong produced 500/2674/6186/16020 units in the fourth quarter of 2017, a change of 37%-56%/+9%/+, respectively.
12 per cent, with a lower base in the first half of the year. At present, the production of 1801 Uttarbus, 3,000 of which is higher than in the previous year.
The low base will continue to grow at a higher rate, and as a result of the gradual implementation of the new prices, the unit price of 02 will be set at a certain level, and the logistics vehicle is expected to release in the second half of the year, which is expected to continue to contribute to the maximum increase in automobile electronics throughout the year.
About 20%, in 2018, due to the impact of the subsidy policy, we expect a half-higher growth in domestic logistics cars than in the same year, and we expect to continue to contribute to the largest increase in the company’s car electronics throughout 2018. By car power, there is a lot of results, at least one single point in the country, and it is expected to pass abroad.
The company's current project is moving forward, the domestic side has reached a dozen two or three liners, at least one line of branding is expected, the foreign public is expected to have passed three determinations, the BMW and Daimler are expected to drop in the second half of 2018.
Around the world, future R & D investment will account for about half of the company's total R & D investment, and in 2017 the company is expected to have tens of millions of cars from three brands in the country, and we expect that the company will have a certain amount of use in 2018 and a large amount in 2019.
We expect to double in the first quarter of 2018, with a steady increase in passenger and logistics vehicle power control, a gradual increase in part vehicle use, an expected increase of around 30 per cent in automobile electronics throughout the year, the company ' s future positioning power, and considerable market space.
In the long term, automobile electronics are expected to be comparable to general automation. The Trail Crossings promise to add at least one more in 18 years as scheduled.
Lines 2 and 2 and 2 (Guiyang is the winning first candidate), and the performance commitments of the chairman of the former Jiangsu Latitude have been met, with the expectation of obtaining at least one full order from Shenzhen, Africa, for 18 years, in accordance with the investor's firm performance commitments.
The next three years of track performance, with high cost points, a slight decline in the Māori rate, and a projected decline in profit and income shears. More than 600 electric vehicle R & D teams have been built by the public administration since 2016, accounting for about 30% of the total.
In the case of R&D by car, which affected an historic high of 18.76 per cent of management costs for 2017q1-q3, the motor team is expected to continue to grow to around 1,000, but the high point is over, and the rate for the quarter is expected to be lower than it was for the whole year 2017.
The impact of increased competition for general automation, among other things, is that the rate of Māori in the first quarter of a company ' s products is expected to increase less than the rate of harvest in 2017, and is expected to recover in the second quarter due to a decline in Māori rates on the one hand, and also due to the unstable timing of tax refunds by the Government to make its contribution to operating profits on the other.
▪ Profit forecasting and valuation: A continuous increase in the share of the company ' s generic product market, with growth expected to pick up in the second quarter, and a doubling of the expected growth of automobiles and electronics in the first quarter, as well as the gradual entry of vehicle layouts into the harvest period and space.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board