A few shareholders' interests are being acquired, and research assistant Zhang Quixiang has been making a public announcement today, with 12,570,000 self-financed acquisitions of the controlling subsidiary, Shanghai Ryan.
5.6% of the minority shareholders’ interests, 49% of the controlled SWIFT subsidiary that intends to issue shares, control 49% of the minority shareholders’ interests, and consolidate and further develop a large control platform to increase the profits of listed companies by about 2-3%.
With its own independent technology and product research and development team, mainly for internal sales. SWICS was established in 2006 with 51% of SWIFT and 49% of the SWIFT team, and with this acquisition, SWI will become a fully-owned subsidiary of SWICS technology.
One billion, 96 per cent more than the same year, of which the HSBC has generated $61,422,000, the HSBC has raised the same amount of money, and the platforms include plc, robotics, visuals, etc.
In addition, in 2017, the HSBC controlled a net profit of 52.3877 million, an increase of 61% over the same year, and acquired 5.6% of the minority shareholders in Shanghai Ryan, which helped to build a platform for the integration of power and power. The high-precision roll-over of the engine bed in the three or more axes of Camp Ryan in Shanghai, the company in 2016, was different.
Controlling the merger by acquiring 55,5556% of its shareholdings, while adding 10 million yuan to hold a meal of 100 million dollars. This company has been given the power of Shanghai intelligent manufacturing and auto electronics in the possession of Von Ginbo, Wu Yongli, Zhang Shojia, and Chanqiroro.
Ryan has 5.6% of the total equity, valued at $224 million, taking into account the value of Ryan and the incentives at the management level, and the agreement that he must have served for up to three years.
The domain is fully autonomous in the design, development, manufacturing and other technologies and processes of staves, with mature facilities,2 and the Hitchuan Technology Review:
The construction of a single, sophisticated mechanical manufacturing platform appears to be becoming more demanding, and once fully controlled, it is also conducive to the efficient operation of unified management, relying on the SBLA.
In 2017, the Shanghai Ryans made a stand-alone project to stabilize Suzhou's progress to the nation.
Profit forecasting and valuation: the general automated industrial chain marketing of companies continues to upgrade, the “three-step” strategy opens up a new process, replacing foreign firms with significant results, industrial robotics starts to grow at a high rate, intelligent manufacturing starts to become fully organized, automobile electronics works, cars are expected to break through high-end vehicles in 18 years, and cars are expected to rise in 19-20 years.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board