The company's annual report in 2017 and its quarterly report in 2018 grew 13.76 per cent, respectively.
13.94%. Corporate industrial and regulatory operations will continue to benefit from downstream warming, and new energy automobile operations will benefit from further industry spending; and increased ratings will be maintained. Corporate performance throughout the year is consistent with fast performance reporting data and is consistent with our expectations and those of the market.
0.12. The company’s performance for the first quarter is consistent with the performance forecast data and meets our expectations and those of the market. Global automation is growing at a high rate: with the strong recovery of our industrial and regulatory sector in 2017, the company seized on the opportunity of structural growth in manufacturing and achieved a 78 per cent annual increase in general automation operations.
In the first quarter of 2018, there was a steady increase in elevator integration and electric fluid servile operations: the company's traditional niche, the elevator integrated product, achieved income of $1,121 billion in 2017, a 16% increase in the same year, and the market occupancy rate continued to rise.
In 2017, the share of the company ' s electric fluids service continued to rise, with revenues of $482 million a year, or 22 per cent more. Revenue from new energy automobiles grew by 8 per cent: in 2017, it was driven by subsidy policy factors.
The profits of the manufacturing industry in the chain of cars are squeezed, and the prices of core components, such as electromechanical controls, have fallen considerably. Companies have increased their revenues by about $914 million, or 8 per cent, through the growth in the market for electric animal currents and the same year-round growth in new energy sources of automobile products.
Industrial robotics were promoted well: in 2017, industrial robotic products were sold in bulk in such industries as mobile phone manufacturing, while developing semiconductors and other industries, generating revenues of between 184% and 0.83 million yuan. The manufacturing landscape was less favourable than expected, and the prices of new-energy auto-controlled products fell far short of expectations.
S.H.I.E.L.A. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.