On 27th of April, 2018, research assistant Zhang Moon.
One billion yuan, or 13.76 per cent over the same period. The corresponding figure is 0.64 yuan. In the fourth quarter, the income of the business was 1,648 million yuan, an increase of 36.53 per cent over the same period, an increase of 38.16 per cent over the ring; the range of pre-notifications to the parent; and in terms of deduction of non-net profits, the non-net profit of company 2018q1 was 181 million.
In addition, the company announced a business target for 2018, with sales revenue increasing by 20 to 40 per cent, net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increasing by the same amount.
In 2017, China’s automated product market grew by 11,88.8 billion yuan, or 16.9 per cent, the highest growth rate since 2011; medium-changed, frequency-type products grew by about 13 per cent and plc&hmi by more than 13 per cent.
It continues to be good, thanks to strong policy support, increasing specialization, automation, information requirements to catalyze intellectual demand, loss of demographic dividends and Chinese engineers, 2, transhipment is expected to refill orders and stabilize Sue.
We expect the industry to grow by nearly 10% over the next three years. *The general automation of companies has collected about 2 billion dollars over 17 years, an increase of 78% over the same period; we expect a total performance of three, four quarters, in line with expectations.
Growth accelerates, benefiting from a 40% increase in smarts from 2018q1 throughout the year, and about 50% in the year. The company has the industry’s leading hard power in core components, and the general frequency changer sector has been industry first in 17 years.
In the project-based market, there were breakthrough results in replacing Siemens abb, selling hundreds of millions of transformers in the metallurgical market, replacing Siemens in the saddle steel with two to three steel lines, successfully winning, mid-sea oil drilling module, and achieving the first Chinese manufacture of the frequency changer part of the system.
The application of the deep-sea drilling rig module, with city-level stations competing, produced 530,000 GFCM units in 2017, is expected to grow by more than 50 per cent, to around 1 billion, and we expect GFMV operations to reach around 2 billion in 2020; they are ready to go through.
International experts continue to break through with the launch of the new Sv820n set of servers at the end of 2017, yielding 420,000 units in 2017, and we expect to achieve revenues of around $700 million, up by 120 per cent over the same period, and we expect to maintain more than 50 per cent of the combined acceleration and physical catch-up frequency over the next three years.
We expect to achieve revenues of around $200 million in 2017, up 96 per cent from the same year, and will increase with the general automation operation in the future.
Overall, the Ministry of General Automated Industries registered a high growth rate of 78 per cent in 2017 of about 2 billion. In the first quarter of 2018, corporate orders grew by 30 per cent, we expect general automation to grow by about 40 per cent, and the company ' s overall inventory grew by 46 per cent more than it received in the first quarter of the year.
In the second quarter of the year, the company will confirm part of the March order; throughout the year, sales of the company's industrial chain are deepening, product power is gaining recognition, import substitution is breaking, and we expect the company's smart-making three-step strategy to open up the growth ceiling, which is now the second-step industrial robot in 2017.
The company’s strategy in the area of smart manufacturing is robust, and is becoming an industrial driver. Corporate intelligence manufacturing is pursuing a “three-step” strategy, with the first step being product-plus solutions, the current universal automaticity.
The second step is product plus solution plus industrial robotics, and the third step is product plus solution plus industrial robot plus software to open the business ceiling step by step. At present, the company has set up an intelligent manufacturing centre and is about to launch the White Paper on Smart Manufacturing, and Sinkuan is becoming a Chinese genius.
Industrial robots are the second step in corporate intelligent manufacturing, and the company separates the industrial machine into a single department, with a high volume and the highest speed of growth in the pancreas.
Industry, major scara, six knots, competition with foreign giants, industrial machinery in 2017, we expect to deliver 40-500 million orders, 400-50 million orders, more than twice the increase in revenues, synergy with corporate general automation, and hope for the future.
The software layout is to be expected in the future. The company has accumulated 100,000 users as early as the elevators network, has left extended interfaces when it provided the customers with equipment and solutions, and now the uweb has 68,000 sales, an increase of 117% over the previous six months, a 97% increase in the ring, an explosion in the first half of the year.
Half a year of high-end vehicle upgrades, new vehicle listings, or overpredictations, have kept the year of electric cars high. In 2017, companies have accumulated more than 180,000 electrical controllers in new energy cars, and are gradually growing into world-class power control companies.
The bus has deepened its strategic collaboration, falling slightly in 17 years, and we expect 18q1 to double with Woo-tung and remain stable throughout the year. The company's bus power camp, which accounts for about 60% of car electronics, has remained stable, but its revenues have fallen as a result of falling prices.
The Utsong bus, with an output of 3,000 in row 18q1, is expected to grow by 200 per cent over the year, with a target of 27,000 for the year and a slight increase in the year, as well as the production of company products in the vicinity of the Everest and Nanjing Golden Dragons, so we expect the company's passenger vehicle power camp to produce the same output as Utsung in row 2018q1.
More than double the increase, with the low base of 2018q2 still growing at a higher rate in the past year, with the logistics vehicle exceeding expectations in 17 years, expected to be released in the second half of 18 years, and expected to continue to contribute to the maximum increase in motor electronics throughout the year. The company logistics vehicle electric control camp, which accounts for about 40% of automobile electronics, will be reduced in 2017.
In the event that the sticker leads to an increase in the threshold, companies develop a powered solution for 4.5t light cards, minivans, and a platform solution for t-box logistics vehicle networking for the Operators-Logistics Platform-Car Company, selling around 30,000 electric controls or total products, with a market rate of around 30,000 units/sets, throughout the year.
20%. In 2018, under the influence of the subsidy policy, we expect the domestic logistics truck to be supplied with a total of six months ' worth of power compared to the power of the current appliance, with a simultaneous increase in sales and the set price, and we expect that the share of the company ' s logistics vehicle electricity and control will rise to almost 40%, starting with the city in the second half.
(a) The "zero" breakthrough in power-based products by car, the start of supply of some of the models, the establishment of a functional safety process certification and ts16949 system certification in the country, and the construction of power-based technology platforms such as "electric controls + power units + deceleration boxes + power sources" to achieve a "zero" breakthrough in market diffusion;
Nosa's brand has been upgraded in the industry. The company now has more than a dozen car models in the country, a glig 11 platform in the first line of brands, a BMW 2 model, etc., and in 2017 it was sold by three car companies (South East, Leopard, Wilma) overseas through three public certifications: BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW.
Demler and others. We expect tens of millions of dollars in 2017, 18 years of more heavy-pound vehicles, both in and out of the country, to be released in 2019. Overall, the company's new energy motors produced 120,000 units in 2017, and automobiles in electronics.
Revenue of 914 million, an 8 per cent increase; business growth is expected to double in the first quarter of 2018; passenger vehicles are growing steadily in 2018, logistics vehicles are about to supply a class of products and cities, there is scope for a wide increase in the share of goods supplied by logistics vehicles, progressive deployment of vehicle-type vehicles, and the year-round expected increase in car electronics.
There is some pressure on the price decline, but the company’s positioning power has been growing, and the value of the bicycle supply is expected to be quite large, and in the long run automobile electronics are expected to grow to the same size as general automation. While the expansion of the plastics industry has continued to rise, the year has also been marked by positive oil pressure, among other things.
The company is already a small number of suppliers within the industry that can provide full-power-engine core components and system solutions. In 2017, the Department of Electric and Hydrolithic Services + the Easterton team together achieved $482 million in sales revenue, a year-on-year increase.
22% of them; of these, we expect the Ministry to earn $243 million, an increase of around 27% over the same year, when the share of the company's single elevators in the national product-plating elevator market continued to rise, and the foreign sector deepened its cooperation with cross-country firms. Companies set up several industry line groups based on the characteristics of the oem and eu plates.
Weaving, through industry lines, the introduction of a number of highly competitive resolution programmes, such as villa ladders, old buildings and elevators, and the active promotion of the economic strategy of closing down the top customers of the industry, expanding the market for transformation and overseas markets, the continued increase in the share of older customers, the increase in the number of new customers, and the sale of multiple products, has resulted in the creation of a number of new customers.
The company produced 280,000 single elevators in 2017, accumulated more than 1.5 million, and achieved an increase of around 10% by 2017, while the Māori ratio increased by a combination of low Māori product packages.
In the Shenzhen area of Suzhou, the number 4 line and the number 2 line 2 line 2 line 2 line 2 line 2 and the number 2 line 2 line 2 line 2 line 2 (the number 1 candidate from Guiyang) were won. In addition, the company acquired the Qingjia subway power project, the power outside the machine.
A breakthrough was made in sales; the winning mark Tin-free subway line number 1, line 2 racking project, with the first underground rail rack repair operation; Successfully passed a passenger post-visit evaluation through the autonomous towed system, crossing the front line of national production. In 2017, the public department's track traffic operations achieved $100 million in revenue, a 56 per cent decline. From the point of view of the order, the company was able to achieve a 56 per cent decline.
During the year, on the one hand, there is a prospect of a significant increase in the delivery peak on the Suzhou subway line 3 and other projects, and, on the other hand, at least one more complete order in Shenzhen, non-Suzhou, based on the investor ' s firm performance commitment for 18 years, with fast-growing track performance over the next three years.
The year 2017 is the year of the company's quality, with 5 automated lines added to the Division, 18 key processes being imported, and the production model continuously promoted; in terms of the quality system, the company has 22 courses in accordance with the requirements of the auto flow system.
It was optimized and certified by the iatf16949 system, and in 2017 more than 50 family audits were completed (from questionnaires to on-site audits to problem improvement closings) and certified through a number of international clients; in terms of engineering infrastructure, three phases of work at the Suzhou factory and construction of Shenzhen headquarters were initiated.
Building in June of the year. The year 2018 was the year of the company's brand, which put brand promotion and management at the forefront of import substitution and rising market power. The long-tailing effect has now been shown that the name “Segawa technology” has attracted increasing attention and attention at the domestic and even the international level.
The 3 percentage point decline in the Māori rate in 2017 was mainly affected by the electronic price reduction of cars; the Māori rate of 2018q1 recovered slightly. The Māori rate, which is due to changes in the business structure and declining prices of electric cars, is expected to be reduced throughout the year, mainly due to the increase in the Māori share of the products being sold by the elevators as a single machine;
The price reduction effect of new energy automobiles has been largely stable in the transhipment portion; the sensor-type Māori rate is 44.16 per cent, with a slight recovery in body levels, and we expect a decline in the company ' s Māori rate for automobile electronics in 2018, and the Māori rate for generic automation operations is generally stable.
High-cost increases have been achieved, and the profit and income gap is expected to shrink. In 2017, the company developed 12.40%; it expects more than a third of the research and development staff to be in electric vehicles, and the annual cost of research and development in research and development inputs is relatively stable.
The impact of the downside, on the other hand, is also due to the unstable timing of government tax refunds for operating profits, which are expected to increase at a later stage, while profit growth will continue to be lower than revenue growth, but its scissors Profit forecasting and valuation: the continuous upgrading of marketing in the general automated industrial chain of companies to replace foreign enterprise outcomes
It's obvious that industrial robots are on the rise to open an intelligent-manufacturing ceiling, car electronic layout, three major financial forecasting tables for Hitchuan technology, Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already have a securities investment advisory board.