Industrial and regulatory operations continue to rise, with new energy sources either entering the harvest period — the annual report on the technology of Sinkuan, a quarterly review of 13.76 per cent; operating income of $4,777 million, an increase of 30.53 per cent over the same period of the previous year.
During the reporting period, the net profit attributable to the owner of the parent company was $196 million, an increase of 13.94 per cent over the same period in the previous year; operating income was $975 million, an increase of 24.73 per cent over the same period in the previous year. The net profit growth was lower than the increase in operating income.
• The upgrading of our industry, the high profile of our industry, and the company's first earnings: in order to reach the goal of “China makes 2025”, our industry is upgrading, there has been a faster increase in demand for industrial automation products, and the company, as the leader of the industry, is enjoying market space.
In 2017, the company’s general automation operations (including general frequency transformers, universal servers, plc&hmi, etc.) grew by 78% over the same period; industrial machine operations achieved sales revenue of $83 million, an increase of 184% over the same period.
In recent years, the company has been investing heavily in new-energy motor motor power research and development, which in 2017 generated a total sales revenue of 914 million, an increase of 8 per cent over the same period, and new-energy passenger vehicles, which have suffered from a recession in the industry.
Performance has declined; logistics cars have become the main marketing force, with a “zero” breakthrough in driving vehicles, and multiple customer targeting has been completed, with some models starting to deliver bulk. We expect the company logistics cars to be released in 2018, and power controls in 2019 will become a new growth point for the company.
The company's subsidiary, Jiangsu, the Precious Sun Trailer System, has made another breakthrough in another city outside Suzhou after Ningbo.
The Performance Express meets expectations, and the new energy business is not proving corporate capacity and strategic.
New Energy by Automobile, Continuous Distribution, Business Watching the Future Growth of the Company, Maintains a `Very Recommended' Rating.