Tail cement (600585.sh): Profit level Tail cement is used mainly in cement, clinker, bone materials, etc.
The net profit of the parent company owner was 4,368 million yuan, an increase of 31.34 per cent over the same year, and the production and sale of non-post net-returned goods, with the cement clinker producing capacity at $4,198 million, an increase of 31.81 per cent over the same year, a gain of 0.83 per cent.
The second is that China, and even the world's cement industry, has been marked by a decline in business income as a result of easy compression and low sales of materials. Other business of the company is mainly material, as a result of the company's compressed trade in construction materials. Other business has a lower level of profitability, with the first half of the year's Māori rate.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: billion tons, a 0.35 per cent decline in the same year, and although revenue from product sales was $34,289 million, an increase of 2.11 per cent in the same year, the impact of trade in hedge materials could not be significantly reduced.
The fall in fuel and power costs contributed to higher corporate profits. The company combined Māori rate was 25.2% in the first half of 2025, an increase of 6.27 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to lower combined costs. Ton costs were incurred in the first half of the year. Ton fuel and power costs were $96.36, a decrease of 13.76% in the same year; tons of raw materials cost was 13.76% in the first half of the year.
The fall in aggregate costs has contributed to a significant increase in corporate profits. Profit levels are still low, continuing to improve the quality of business in keeping with market integration opportunities.
So, in the current environment, where the industry is still depressed, firms continue to increase their market share through market-building, by leveraging the advantage of purchasing scale, and by reducing the efficiency of the lifting through such factors as intelligent technology adaptation.
Mergers and acquisitions in domestic regional markets complete market layout and control, and accelerate overseas development, opening up new opportunities for development. In the current environment of intense competition in the industry, it is beneficial for firms to develop and grow better through endogenous and outward convergence.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We expect the company to be attributed to its parent company for the period 2025-2027, respectively, as a leader in the cement industry, with significant cost advantages of scale, and industry continues to be depressed in expanding new spaces through endogenous, outreach and overseas development, maintaining a firm's “highly recommended” investment rating.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, conch cement (600585.sh): Higher levels of profitability drive higher profits, and the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, conch cement (600585.sh): Higher levels of profitability drive higher profits, and the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
More than 16 years of research experience in Zhao, combined with a framework for research covering construction materials and new non-metal materials. The financial community has learned from the best researchers in the voucher industry. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related. The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, conch cement (600585.sh): higher levels of profitability drive higher profits.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.