Giraffe cement (600585.sh) Construction materials/cements have improved on a year-on-year basis and are proposed to receive the first medium-term bonus.
-9.4 per cent of this amount, i.e. $34.84 billion, i.e. +2.31 per cent for the main business, $4.37 billion for the mother, i.e. $4.37 billion, i.e., +39.6 per cent for the mother. Despite insufficient market demand, the profit from higher cement prices and lower coal costs have been reduced. Cement profits have improved, domestic shares have been consolidated and overseas expansion has increased. 2025h1 company cement clinkers
Self-product sales amounted to 126 million tons, corresponding to -0.35 per cent, and sales fell significantly better than in industry (a 52-week maximum/minimum price for cement production - 4.opp/+3.opp), income earnings from bonework operations were still under pressure, and the Māori rate of mixed operations recovered slightly.
At the same time, as overseas projects continued, income grew steadily, reaching $2.46 billion in overseas income, equal to +7.1 per cent, Māori to 45.2 per cent and Māori to +5.2 pp, higher than domestic levels.
Tri-quarter review of conch cement (600585.sh) 2024: Rehabilitating profits, steadily promoting overseas expansion, with the acquisition of West Papua conch effectively increasing competitiveness in the Indonesian market, the completion of 5,000 tons of production line in Cambodia and the addition of 1.8 million tons of overseas clinker production capacity
"Girl Cement" (600585.sh)-2023 Annual Review: Reverse sales up, scores Investment proposal: "Counter-Back-Back-Back-Back" Deeper, with the lead expected to continue ahead, maintaining “better than the big city” and, as major strategic engineering projects progress steadily, promising to drive capital investment to improve and build more in-kind
Quantities, accompanied by a continuous deepening of the “reverse volume”, will give further impetus to the improvement of supply and demand patterns and the restoration of profitability, of which the main business earns $34.84 billion, or +2.31 per cent, the mother earns $4.37 billion, or +31.3 per cent, and the q2 quarter, or $22.24 billion, or 8.2 per cent, and the mother earns net.
Insufficient demand, but improved performance in terms of rising cement prices and falling coal costs and continuing cost reductions. Figure 2: Circus cement single-season operating income and acceleration (in billions of dollars, per cent) Cement profitability improved, domestic share sustained consolidation and increased overseas expansion.
The sales volume was 126 million tons, equal to -0.35 per cent, and the sales fell significantly better than the industry (the national cement production is still under pressure for the same profit, and the Māori rate of mixed operations has recovered slightly). At the same time, as overseas projects continued, income grew steadily, reaching $2.46 billion, +7.1 per cent, Māori 45.2 per cent, and +5.2 pp, respectively.
Figure 5: Sales and acceleration of conch cement clinker, Figure 6: Income and cost of conch cement clinker ton
Figure 7: Income and acceleration of conch cement bone operations Figure 8: Māori rate of conch cement bone operations Figure 9: Revenue and acceleration of conch cement dealers mixed operations
Fig. 10: Māori ratio of conch cement dealers ' blending operations Continued cash availability and steady progress in project M&A construction. 2025H1 combined Māori rate 25.2%, compared to +6.3 pp, sex expenditure of $6.21 billion, compared to 19%, accelerated integration of domestic operations and further improvement of the Xinjiang Yoeber acquisition project
Regional layout and steady overseas expansion, with the acquisition of West Papua conch effectively increasing competition in the Indonesian market, the completion of 5,000 tons of production line in Phnom Penh, Cambodia, and the addition of 1.8 million tons of offshore clinker production capacity, Māori, net interest rates and cost during the first half of the year
Figure 11: Māori, net interest rates and cost rates during the single season of conch cement Figure 12: Cost rates during conch cement
It is hoped that capital investment will improve and become more in-kind, while the continuing deepening of the “reverse inner volume” will give further impetus to the improvement of supply and demand patterns and the restoration of profitability, and that the company, as the leader of the domestic cement pipeline, will ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; and that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author