Mid 2025: Revenues improved on schedule, expecting industry to account for 29% of the net profits of shareholders in listed companies in the first half of the year.
The volume of mud and clinkers sold out of products was 126 million tons, or -0.4%, less than the national cement production for the same period, highlighting a strong leader position. We measured a single-ton average/Māori price of $244/70, which was more than anticipated, with cement prices rising considerably during the first half of the year, while coal prices fell and replacements were achieved.
Factors such as the increase in the proportion of proxy fuel applications drive single-ton costs to range from $13 to $174, of which 96 is the cost of single-ton fuel and power, and 15 is the cost, resulting in a significant improvement in tons of Maori. (2) bone q2 is significantly higher than q1 from its product. (4) Companies continue to be strong.
Industry, deep extension of the industrial chain, signing of the Xinjiang Yoapau project, significantly enhanced market layout in Xinjiang, and purchase of West Papua conch, which increased the competitiveness of the company in Indonesia, in addition to the new construction and expansion of four bone (mechanical sand) projects in the first half of the year, with the addition of eight new commodities through leasing, commissioning and processing
Concrete project, with the construction of three dry sands, tiles and a network of photovoltaic projects.
Assessment: Cement supply side self-regulation showed positive results, with a profit-making period of $35.2 and a +0.7 ratio, with R & D costs falling by 41 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the completion of the final stage of the previous energy-saving, efficiency-related technology R & D project.
In the first half of the year, the company made a net profit of $35 from the combined tons of cement and clinker, which is a further increase of $5 from $2024h2 over +8; and q2 one-quarter net profit from sales of conch cement (600585); 3-quarter report 2024
Queries: q3 bottoms of profits, industry self-regulation shows a remarkable increase in the q2-quarter combined net reed ratio of q1.
The net cash flow from the activity was $8,287 million, an increase of $1,416 million over the same period, mainly as a result of profit-making and betterment, as well as a decrease in the cost of purchasing raw materials. Cash paid by companies for fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets was $4,063 million, or 28.9 per cent.
About $6.210 billion, or 19%, was spent mainly on project construction and foreign investment expenditures, reflecting the expected further strength of industrial policy under anti-brief-led policies, and the expected continuation of the positive trend in the cement industry. (1) The industry has rebounded significantly since 20244, reflecting the effects of self-regulation.
As a result, fluctuations in demand and downward pressures continue to limit the extent and stability of price rebounds. We believe that, as the counter-introduction policy moves from the top down, the relevant industrial policies, such as production regulation, price behaviour, etc., are expected to be strengthened to facilitate accelerated clean-up and optimal competition patterns on the supply side of the industry, some of them.
With a view to moving the industry back to reasonable profits, corporate profits are expected to continue the trend of improvement. (2) In the short term, the q2 demand volatility and the fallback in prices have intensified further, with price increases in core markets such as the river earlier than last year, and elasticity in the second half of the year is still to be expected.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies display combined advantages such as cost leadership in the next period, and growth growth provides new dynamic energy. The current net rate valuation of the cement block market is at the bottom, and industrial policy is gradually driving supply-side optimization as the backlash leads to industrial policy, and the bottom of the industry’s profits is stifling.
The gas is expected to continue its trend of improvement, and the valuation is expected to be repaired. Based on q2 cement demand performance below expectations, the three major financial forecasting tables for conch cement, Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy operations.