China Electric International (600027.sh) / China Electric International Share (1071.hk)
To the end of 2022, the company had a holding capacity of approximately 547.5 million kilowatts, of which 4370, 859, 2.46 kilowatts were coal, electricity and water, and 80 percent were coal.
Self-build and group asset injection is an important route to corporate expansion, and since 2014, HEC has gradually injected the coal and electrical assets of the Hubei and Hunan regions totalling 1 million kilowatts, and there are still more than 60gw that have already been delivered, and conventional power assets have yet to be securitized.
The new power system revalued the fire power, breaking the spell of the coal power “slate”: until 2021, when the new energy source was stripped of its assets, coal and gas accounted for about 88% of the company’s total installed machinery, and electricity generated, connected to the grid, for about 93%, resulting in changes in the cost of coal-based fuels, causing significant fluctuations in the company’s performance.
In the case of electricity waste, coal is still a “voltage block” for our electricity production, and the tightness of electricity is reflected in the changes in the price of electricity under the marketized trading system, the prices of the company are on schedule, and we measure the average price of the company's Internet access from 4q21, with a quarterly increase of 1q23 to 0.5309 per kilowatt per quarter.
Time. During a long period of time, new energy sources, especially light-voltage machines, are growing rapidly, the demand for surge services is rising rapidly, and the role of fire power is to be determined by the acceleration of the base nuclear power supply, in conjunction with the pilot exploration of electricity prices in some parts of the world.
s010521100107 Peak power transition, but the current rate of return is still low, requiring policy adjustments to streamline the peak price mechanism, coal research assistant Zhao Guo Li
The long-term rate of return on electricity participation in the Auxiliary Services market should be based on a reasonable rate of return on savings.
Kilowatts, the largest wind operator in the country, are now directly holding 31.03% of the new power source. The company is trying to add 75 million kW to the new energy load during the 14th of July, 2022-2025, or close to 70gw.
Under the current position within the Group, HEU is expected to become a nuclear power operating platform for the Group, creating a nuclear wind, a light-to-light development model, and companies will share in the high-speed development of the new power source. The investment proposal is that the company, as a conventional power integration platform under HSG, still has more than 60 gw capital.
Production is to be loaded into the public platform. As a "fire power" of 80% of the coal charger, the impact of coal price volatility on the company’s performance is inevitable in the short term, but even if performance pressure persists with a high share of the bonus, it sets a safety margin below the value of the company’s investment. Under the new power system, coal power is used as a fast-growing new energy package in the country.
The optimal upscaling option, which is expected to achieve value revaluation through support services, spot trading, capacity electricity prices, etc., will raise the upper limit on the value of the company’s investments. In addition, the share of its development gains in the new power supply will be high \triangleright
3) Competition in the electricity market to reduce the price of electricity on the Internet; 4) wind-down suppression machine generation; 5) HMG nuclear power 1 luxury flagship, conventional energy integration platform 1.1 start-up Shandong, national layout
China Electric International Electric Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) was co-sponsored in 1994 by Shandong Electric Group, Shandong Province International Trust Investment Corporation, Shandong Luen Development Corporation, China Electricity Trust Investment Co. Ltd. and Date City Capital Investment Corporation and approved by the former National Economic Reform Commission.
In June 1999, the company was listed on the Hong Kong joint exchange. In April 2003, the original shareholders in the original holding group, the Shandong Power Group, transferred 53.56% of its holdings to the newly formed company under the provisions of the electricity reform system.
By the end of 2022, the company held 48.61 per cent of the company’s total equity and was a shareholder in the company’s holding stock.
The State Treasury Committee of the State Council is the firm's realist.Figure 1: By the end of 2022, the Chinese electricity international equity structure was 10,000 kilowatts, the gas unit was about 859 kilowatts, the hydroelectric unit was 2.46 kilowatts, and coal combustion was around the company's shareholding.
As an electricity operator from Shandong, Shandong Province has been hosting approximately half of the company's fire loaders. As of late 2022, the company had 20.7 million kilowatts of fire loaders in Shandong Province, accounting for about 39.6 per cent of the company's total fire loaders.
In May 2021, the company, together with Fukuoka, signed the New Energy Development for China, which is limited.
Billions of dollars (the final deal is for 13.609 billion yuan) and cash contributions are not less than $7.628 billion (the final cash contribution). After displacing wind and fresh energy assets, the controlling shareholders have identified the type of power that companies hold for the group’s conventional power sources, coal, gas, electricity, and water.
In addition to its own assets, the Group’s unlisted conventional energy injection is an important route to the expansion of the company’s capacity. Since 2015, HEC has gradually injected the coal-fired power assets of the Hubei and Hunan regions totalling 1 million kW.
In addition to companies, new power sources in the new energy platform, regional power companies, power sources, gold mountain shares, and *st. As of the end of 2021, uncertified coal and hydroelectric assets under the HMG flag were about 5544 and 23.15 million kW, respectively.
In absolute terms, there is still room for further improvement in the future, compared to other power-generating groups, which are listed platforms, where the company's fire-loading machines are slightly higher than Don's power generation (536.1 million kilowatts), smaller than the energy generation of the energy generation system (10.68 million kilowatts) and the national electricity (718.4 thousand kilowatts).
2 new power systems revalued the fire power, broken the coal power slab spell, 2.1 coal prices fell, and the heat went up and down.
Before the new energy asset divestiture in 2021, the share of electricity from fire (mainly coal) in the company ' s total installed machinery was about 88 per cent, and the amount of electricity generated and connected to the grid was about 93 per cent, resulting in a change in the cost of fuel dominated by coal, which led us to categorize the cost of electricity online, the price of coal, and the use of hours as the core three factors affecting coal ' s performance, compared to electricity.
Prices change, subject to supply and demand, and the price of coal becomes more marketable, so the performance of coal-fired enterprises changes cyclically with the price of coal. From mid-2016, the price of electricity and coal began to rise, the company’s performance in 2016 and 2017 was strained and the price skyrocketed, with the company spending 75,743 million yuan on fuel throughout the year, an increase of 83.0 per cent.
The delay in the adjustment of electricity prices and the fact that the company ' s performance has been the largest loss since it was listed, with a total annual net profit loss attributable to the mother in 2021. In 2022, the price of electricity and coal continued to be high and the cost of the company ' s fuel remained at $82,866 million, an increase of 9.4 per cent over the same period, but it benefited from the National Development Commission ' s reform on further deepening of the market price of coal-fired electricity on the Internet.
According to the circular, the price of electricity traded in the coal electricity market was opened up to 20 per cent, the average price of electricity on the Internet on the company's fire was about 22 per cent to 0.533 per kilowatt hour, partly offset by an increase in the cost of fuel, and the Māori deficit in power generation and heating operations was significantly reduced to $393 million, representing a corresponding decrease of $6,822 million and a net profit to the mother of about $100 million a year.
2.2 The firm maintains a high share of red, even in the case of successive losses (ps in 2022 after interest on a permanent debt was deducted), and in the third consecutive year of 2019-2021, a share rate exceeded 4.0 per cent and h share rate exceeded 10 per cent.
2.3 Coal power is a guaranteed “barrel stone” 2.3.1 Under “electric waste”, coal power is covered by a large flag. The 2020 “double carbon” target proposes a peak in carbon emissions of 2030, medium-to-medium-range carbon emissions of 2060.
The goal is that the role of coal-based electricity in domestic power supply structures is awkward, and the discussion of “coal eradication” and even “fire power is dead” is not as simple as it was thought. The extreme temperature and rain climate of the two consecutive summers of 2021, 2022 and the tight state of power supply in the country.
Fire power, dominated by coal power, plays a key role in the maintenance of the supply. After two large nationwide “sequenced electricity”, there has been a major shift in the policy attitude towards coal electricity, calling for a “reboom”, which is now still the “voltage block” of our electricity production, and by the end of 2022, our coal-fired battery was still in place.
On the side of the electricity supply, we still account for a large share of the demand for secondary electricity, which fell from 74.9 per cent to 66.0 per cent in 2010-2022, but the power consumption structure is still “production-type”.
Instead of being “consumptive,” the increase in electricity demand is highly correlated with the increase in the gdp. The country’s electricity demand will continue to grow as income levels and end-use electrification drive up the country’s industrial structure and the generation of electricity for life.
Each year, our electricity demand will reach about 11.1 trillion kilowatt-hours (KWh), with an average annual compound growth rate of about 4.0 per cent in 2020-2030, and the rigidity of electricity demand, which will require continuous expansion of electricity production capacity to reach full capacity, from a construction cycle of about 2-3 years for coal, 5-7 years for nuclear power and 7-10 years for large hydropower.
Not including longer pre-construction planning, construction preparation, etc. Major domestic hydropower production was smaller during the period “14” or “15” since the crane beach power plant came into operation. Nuclear power units have been reboot since 2019, but they will have to wait until around 2025 to start large-scale production.
1 to 2, subject to its own low-utility hour characteristics, changes in the power structure are much smaller than in the case of reloading, coal as the main power source that occupies 5% of the installed capacity and 60% of the electricity generated, wind power, light voltage and its substitution in the power structure are difficult to show in the short and medium term, and other sources of power increase is limited in the short term.
It will be the country’s core power source to ensure the safety of electricity to meet the incremental needs of society.
2.3.2 The price of electricity has been rising on schedule since 2021 and, in the face of unexpected demand and local supply constraints, the power of fire has always served as a base for the middle-flow pillar, but the cost side has also been under unprecedented pressure, as measured by the Central ITU, 2021
The shortage of electricity must be reflected first and foremost in changes in electricity prices under the market-based trading system. Shandong Province released on September 10, 2021 a report on further efforts to improve the medium- and long-term trading of electricity throughout the province in 2021.
The Circular, which specifies the amount of coal-fired electricity generated on the market at a cost not exceeding 110 per cent of the average price of the current coal-fired power base, i.e. $434.4/MWh, is a further clarification of the guidance issued by the National Development and Reform Commission on 21 October 2019 on the reform of the system for deepening the feed-in tariffs for coal-fired electricity generation,
However, in the past, for reasons of self-interest, only “downwards” were selectively implemented, and the “upload” clause was deliberately ignored even in cases where “power shortages” had occurred. Since then, the relevant provisions of document 1658 have been clarified by successive circulars from Guangdong, Anhui, Fujian, Jiang Su, etc.
As a result of the October transaction, the price difference for the unified settlement was +4.53 kWh, or 10 per cent higher than the base price, at 2,870 million kWh of electricity delivered.
On-site reform notification, the price of the coal-fired electricity market floats from the current up to 10 per cent, down to 15 per cent in principle, and up to 20 per cent in principle. With the benefit of an adjustment to the price of electricity on the Internet, we measure the average price of electricity on the Internet from 4q21 to a single quarter.
Quarterly growth, 1q23 to 0.5309/kWh. Without consideration of spot prices in Shandong Province, the company's main electricity sales are still on the rise at about 20% of the local base price for coal combustion, and the current high prices are expected to continue.
With the rise in the income level of the population and the electrification of the end-use energy, the upgrading of the domestic industrial structure, the increase in the demand for electricity in the country and the increase in electricity in the population, the power load of the grid has changed. As new sources of energy, especially light-voltage machines, have grown rapidly, coal-fired units have begun to take over.
More peaking tasks. When light is sufficient, the light-voltage machine needs to be pressured down as much as possible to promote new energy consumption; at the peak of the evening load, the light-voltage force is reduced to zero, and the coal machine is needed to peak. The rapid increase in demand for services, combined with the pilot exploration of power prices in some parts of the area, the horn of the fire power grid.
Colour positioning will accelerate the shift from a base nuclear power source to a peak power source. In January 2023, the Gansu Energy Regulatory Agency issued the Gansu Power Support Services Market Operating Rules (Services), which we used as an example to measure the coal call peak returns.
As the coal unit is involved in the acupuncture, the same changes in indicators such as engine consumption and maintenance costs under different peak loads. The associated costs are still based on the calculation of a 300mw subcritical unit and a 600mw supercritical unit, with reference to the Economic Analysis of the Deep Acupuncture of the Fire.
It assumes 20 days for the non-heating and 20 days for the heating seasons, respectively, and 900 yuan per tonne per unit for the loading of the current fleet.
The cost of an accelerator capacity is about $500-1500. Assumption: the minimum load of a canine coal unit has now reached 50%. 30.000 kW flex to 40/30% cap capacity unit cost, respectively.
900/1000; 600,000 kW units of flexibility converted to 40/30% of capacity units of upscaling 30% Flexibility capital, 3.5% of financial cost, 10 years of borrowing, and 10 years of remaining use of the modified fleet.
At a time when the increase in the cost of fuel, maintenance, etc. for the aircraft involved in the peak trade is not considered, the positive gain will be realized only when the Flexible Transformation Gain is measured by the Flexibility Revenue, 300,000 and 600,000 units are modified to 30% in depth, and when the increase in the cost of fuel, maintenance, etc. for the aircraft involved in the FSP is considered, the peak income will not be sufficient.
The core of the current problem is that coal power is responsible for most of the energy transition costs at this stage, that coal power is involved, that further policy advances are still needed, and that there is a long-term need for higher compensation for support services.
Coal power units are working to increase the participation of coal power operators. In recent years, the country’s two main collectors’ network of new sources of energy have been around 5% and 8%, respectively.
3.1 Assets injections + cash investment + new power generation.
After 11 replenishments and two replenishments, it became a new energy integration operating platform of the China Electric Group, with a group of thousands of kilowatts, one of the largest wind operators in the country, with wind power, 2058 million kilowatts, and a photovoltaic 6.66 million kilowatts.
Figure 33: The New Energy Development in Power, 2009.08, New Energy in Power, 2021.12, and 27 in Power International.
2021.12, The New Development Replenishment of the Power Power Power, 2015.10, The New Energy Development of the Power Power Energy Corporation, Inc. (priced)
(b) Transfer of 100 per cent of the share held in Fashion wind and wind power to Washington, D.C., through the introduction of strategic investors;
The dollar increase, since then, is 2021.12, the combined share of the world is equal to the share of the world.
The capital is $9.96 billion, and the share held in the new development of the new H.E.F.
3.2 Quality asset consolidation, engine-driven growth.
In the three northern regions, and in the provinces of Fujian and Guangdong, China has 28,000 people in Spain. In accordance with the conditions of wind, solar energy and construction, the National Development and Reform Commission has divided the country into four types of wind energy, three types of solar energy, three types of solar energy, and the larger size of the new power plants in Mongolia, Xinjiang, Gansu, Hebei,
Wind energy and light energy are abundant in Ningxia 5 provinces, covering i, ii, ii, and i, ii solar energy sources. By the end of March 2022, HCN was able to combine 13.19 million kW, or 48.2 per cent, in the aforementioned 5 provinces; if the two coastal provinces of Fujian and Guangdong were added, the wind and light installed in 7 provinces were 1599,000 kW.
Wa, 58.4 per cent, is close to 60 per cent of the total installed aircraft, benefiting from better wind resources, with 2245 and 1344 hours of light-use in 2021, respectively, 13 and 63 hours higher than the national average of light-use hours.
The prices of wind power, light voltage poles/directionals have been revised several times since 2015, with new power injected into light power. Volt assets are concentrated mostly in the “Three North” area. The impact of new fleets on average Internet access prices has been greater, with the average price of light voltage falling to 0.67/kwh (excluding VAT) in 2021. Average market access prices for wind power have remained stable over the same period.
The annual average feed-in price of wind power reached 0.45/kWh (excluding VAT). Installation-driven growth, a steady rise in revenue and profits from new power generation, 2022,3 WG transition platform, 1455 new windlight 75gw
On 27 November 2021, the SNC issued the Guidance for Promoting High-Quality Development in Central Enterprises for Carbon Neutrality and Work (NISD [2021] 93), the main objectives of which were:
\triangleright industrial energy efficiency significantly improved, new power systems accelerated construction, green low-carbon technologies made positive progress in R & D and extension applications; central enterprises ' combined energy consumption of 10,000 yuan was higher than in 2020
A 15 per cent decline, a 18 per cent decline in CO2 emissions in GDP in 2020, renewable energy generation, a 50 per cent or more share of electrical appliances, and no less than 30 per cent of revenues from strategic emerging industries, provide a solid foundation for a carbon peak.
By 2030, the overall green low-carbon transformation of central enterprises had achieved significant results, with significant progress in restructuring industrial structures and energy \triangleright sources and near world-class energy efficiency in priority industries
Industry is advanced, green low-carbon technologies have made a major breakthrough, green low-carbon industries have grown in size and weight, central enterprises have significantly reduced their combined energy consumption of 10,000 yuan, and their CO2 emissions have fallen by more than 65 per cent since 2005, and central enterprises have achieved a single peak in CO2 emissions.
By 2060, the central enterprise’s industrial system for green low-carbon cycle development and clean low-carbon security are high. Effective energy systems are well established, and energy efficiency is at the cutting edge of world-class firms.
By the end of 2020, China Electric Group held stockloads of 16,06 million kW, of which 14,429 KW, 2741, 24.36 kW, without taking into account the changes in power, water and electricity.
In response to the pressure of the test, HSG proposed to build 75 million new power units during the “14th Five-Year” period.
Volkswagen, in 2021, the group added 508 million kW of wind-loading machines, but the size of the new energy-loading units is still at the end of the five major power-generation groups, with only 16.5 per cent of the wind-loading units at the end of 2021. If the 75gw new-loading regulations are completed, the new power source will be used as the new energy operating platform of the group, and the new power source 2022-2025 will be either nearer.
Xinhua has concentrated its fund-raising efforts on four major project clusters, with a combined production capacity of 15.17 million kilowatts. According to the progress disclosed by the construction-in-progress project, 11 projects are currently under construction and are expected to be operational by the end of 2022, with a total installed capacity of 3,738,000 kilowatts.
According to the planned targets, in 2023-2026, the annual addition of HNP will reach $1,000, and the revenue from international investment in HCN will be 33/34/36/41 million. In addition to the main wind and wind business, in November 2020, HCN held 39% of HQ nuclear power.
In 2021, the long-term equity return on HEU, calculated on the basis of equity, amounted to 1,338 million yuan, representing 98.3 per cent of the company ' s annual investment earnings, 15.6 per cent of the total profits of the year, and a steady investment gain from the participation in nuclear power.
On September 19, 2016, the Office of the Rule of Law of the State Council launched a public call for advice on the Nuclear Power Regulations. The regulations began with a legislative study and drafting exercise organized by the National Energy Agency in October 2008.
On 1 February 2019, the National Energy Authority issued an Operational Opinion on Deep Progress in Legal Governance in the Energy Sector, which called for a vigorous push for Nuclear Power Pipelines.
With the exception of China, China, China, Guang, and China, which owns nuclear power licences, the remaining four of the five major power-generating groups, local energy groups, etc., can only participate in the development of nuclear power plants through equity participation and cannot dominate.
According to the relevant regulations of the Nuclear Power Regulations, the top three of the top five power producers, China, China, and China, have largely met the requirements of the controlled nuclear power plant.
The location of HEU within the group is expected to become a nuclear power operating platform for the group, creating a nuclear wind and developing a profit forecast for the company’s main business, which can be divided into two major business blocks: fire power, electricity, and electricity. For the profits of the new energy investment, which has a greater impact on the company’s profits, the above-mentioned profit forecast is used.
\triangleright for the company ' s main (other than heating) plate collection and cost forecast for 2023-2026, of which 5.81 million kilowatts are coal and 208.11 million kilowatts are gas;
(b) The following assumptions are made regarding the company's revenue and cost projections for the company's main hydroelectric plate 2023-2026:
(a) Additional loaders: The company ' s Ushi River withdrawal project was approved for approval by the Zhejiang Provincial Development and Reform Commission, but consideration was given to the savings project construction cycle, which is not expected to be in production until 2026, and the installed machine is maintained at its current level;
Taken together, coupled with coal sales and other operations that have less impact on company profits, the investment that has a greater impact on the company’s profits takes a share of the major fire power operator, Power International, Power National, Power Tang, Zing Power, Valium Powera as a comparable listed company, which is 15.5 times the average in 2023.
The company was listed on both a+h and observed that the fire power operators listed on both a+h were energy, Da Tang, a/h average premium of about 230 per cent, which was higher than the company ' s current a/h premium rate, which was 0.8806 RMB, based on the company ' s history of a/h premium and the exchange rate of 05 of the same year.
The valuation using the dcf method is based on the following key assumptions, taking into account the 10-year rate of return on the national debt, taking into account interest rate fluctuations, the risk-free rate is assumed to be 2.80 per cent and the beta coefficient is assumed to be 0.7 per cent, taking into account the precautionary principle.
As a “fire power” of 80% of the coal charger, the impact of coal price fluctuations on the company’s performance is inevitable in the short term, but even the pressure of performance still maintains a high percentage score, casting the safe edge of the company’s investment value. Under the new power system, coal power is the best choice for the country’s fast-growing new energy loader.
It is hoped that value revaluation will be achieved through support services, spot trading, capacity electricity prices, etc., which will raise the ceiling on the value of companies’ investments. Moreover, by sharing their development gains with the new power source, high investment returns will result in public 1) macroeconomic pressure will reduce demand for electricity. The electricity industry is one of the pillars of the country’s economy’s operations.
Changes in demand relationships are influenced to a large extent by macroeconomic performance. The performance of power-generating enterprises is more relevant to the economic cycle, which may lead to a reduction in demand for electricity across society, a reduction in the number of hours spent by companies, and an impact on the profitability of companies.
2) Higher fuel prices increase operating costs. Company power generation equipment is largely made up of coal-fired and gas-fired units, and the volatility of coal and gas prices has had a greater impact on the company’s operating costs; coal degenerative policies have resulted in a significant drop in supply, lower release of high-quality capacity, and environmental restrictions have further suppressed coal supply, leading to electricity.
Coal prices are difficult to control effectively. 3) Competition in the electricity market lowers the price of electricity on the Internet. As the electricity system reforms deepen, the electricity market competes and the price differentials increase, lowering the average price of electricity on the Internet for companies and reducing operating income.
The power supply of the power grid has increased, the power supply has increased, the power supply has increased, the power supply has increased, and the use of the power has declined. 5) The HMG has not been able to obtain nuclear license plates as expected.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.