The first three quarters saw a significant increase in performance, with new material projects opening up space Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) on the evening of 28 October, with the issuance of a new three-quarter report for 2025.
• Contributory production of ecstasy and vitamins supplementation, which together drives a significant increase in corporate performance. Vitamin prices are under pressure as a result of Bassfe recovery, but high levels of overseas demand and production performance of ecstasy contribute, nutrient plates remain resilient and fresh.
The company achieved operating income of 16,642 million yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 5.45 per cent over the previous quarter; 1 nutrient plate: August, due to Basve ' s lifting of force majeure effects on 12 June 2025
7 days ago, force majeure was lifted, the Ludwig plant resumed supply, the supply end pressure was applied. Vitamin prices decreased, with average prices of 77.49, 20.35, 93.81 kg for the three quarters of the first quarter of 2025, corresponding to 34.47 per cent for the same period.
-21.07 per cent, 10.34 per cent, but there has been a further increase in the volume of exports from overseas demand, v/va yuan/kg, 0.65 per cent over the same period, 180,000 tons of liquid amino acid projects in the Ningbo Sea, which have gone into production and contributed to profits, and 77 million yuan in investment returns in the first three quarters of 2025.
Growth of $35 million, which will further increase corporate performance with the progressive release of the ECP. 2 New Materials Block: it is expected that the company ' s apps volume will increase substantially over the reporting period, with demand for new downstream energy, semiconductors, high-end manufacturing, etc.
The plate continues to improve. 3 flavour plates: the company continues to optimize its product structure, rich spice product groups, and the fragrance plate is growing robustly. At the same time, with the company ' s cost-control capacity and improved material end, the company ' s profitability has increased significantly, and it is sold in the first three quarters of 2025.
• Vitamin collapse plus ecstasy. q4 performance is expected to improve marginally by a significant increase in 2.24 years, with new material projects stable q3 under pressure from the impact of vitamin operations, but Vitamin q4 is showing signs of a rebound.
Obviously, at the same time, q4 performance is expected to improve. q3 average vitamin series product prices fall, leading to pressure on performance, v/vc/ve/procedurates - 37.69 per cent, 0.64 per cent, according to the mound, and vitamin q3 has fallen to a lower level than the Basv explosion.
The q4 vitamin industry is expected to improve, while maintaining a better pattern of ecstasy and an orderly release of 180,000 tons of joint ventures.
• Multi-plate operations continue to expand, opening up opportunities for growth in performance The company is steadily moving forward with the application and expansion of multi-plate products, optimizing the product matrix, and raising the public.
The Division's core competitiveness. 1 Business plate: 180,000 tons/year liquid amino acid project was successfully launched in a joint venture with China-Pulsification; the energy assessment for the integrated ellipsic acid upgrading project was adopted in q3 and the capacity of the modified plant for the production of ecstasy in Shandong is expected to grow.
Up to 370,000 tonnes/year, the company will have 460,000 tonnes/year of ecstasy for productive capacity once the project is completed.
The technical barriers to nylon production of key intermediates have been broken by the industry chain of neptunium-heptamine-nylon 66 key intermediates and high-end nylons. 3 fragrance plates: 17,000 tons of synthesizing spices, 8209 tons of 3-methyl-3-butylene-1-ol, 5650 tons of isopenthalene
In the second epo-evaluation, 77815 tons of synthetic spice projects were completed, and companies continued to innovate and enrich spice varieties to meet market demand. 4 raw materials: the company planned to produce 60,000 tons of phosphine-based derivatives per year, for a total of 45,000 tons of herb salt meds,
Ten per cent of herb salt soluble 40,000 tons, 20 per cent of herb salt soluble 30,000 tons, and companies are actively following and looking for opportunities to enter the plant protection industry. (1) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products:
(b) Risks of safe production; (c) environmental protection; and (d) the pace of project implementation is not as high as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.