Successful replacement, sustained steady growth of the five grain fluids determined three-quarter review of the five grain fluids (000858)
In the first three quarters of 2018, corporate operating income was 29.250 billion yuan, an increase of 33.09 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to parent owners was 9,494 million yuan, an increase of 36.32 per cent and eps $247 in the same year. Income profits were slightly lower than expected, and firm future growth was more certain. In the first three quarters of 2018, corporate operating income was 29.250 billion yuan, an increase in the same year.
33.09 per cent net profit of $9,494 million attributable to the parent owner, an increase of 36.32 per cent over the same period. $18q3, operating income of $78.29, expected to exceed 30 per cent in three consecutive quarters, and we judge that companies will be able to achieve steady growth in the future.
\triangleright early in the year instituted a policy to encourage long-term bank acceptances of currency bills free of interest, which led to a significant increase in receivables, but basically to bank acceptances of currency bills, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
In 2018, the white and wine industry’s financial statements became more transparent, and the increasingly transparent financial statements were more counterproductive to the reality of the company’s current sales. Or there was a slight increase in profitability as a result of higher-end sales of five grains.
On this basis, the emergence of an upgraded version of the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-S-Five-Five-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S, not-S-S, not-S, not-S-S, not-S-S, not-S-S-S, not-S-S, not-S, not-S, not-S, not-S-S, which not-S-S, not-S, not-S, not-S, not-S, but-S
In the process, we look forward to the launch of the enhanced version of the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
Eastern Foundation, Tedarhonley Foundation. Masters' degree in Finance, University of Durant, United Kingdom, and two degrees in undergraduate studies, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics. 2017 Analysts' own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies