The target for 2019 is a continuous improvement in product access - on December 18, 2018, we participated in the C51218 Conference and investor exchanges.
Industry: 2019 is a structural opportunity, 2019 is a structural opportunity. The key to seizing structural opportunities is: 1) opportunities around industrial integration; 2) opportunities to centralize markets to high-quality brands; 3) opportunities for high-quality production capacity; 4) enterprises from product to supply.
Opportunities for change in service delivery experience: 5) Business transition from resource-based distributors to capacity-based. Income target of $50 billion in 2019, sales target of 23 million tons, projected sales of five grain fluids and high-end liquor to reach 20,000 tons in 2018, and revenue from the liquor industry to reach 40 billion dollars next year.
Auyang Woo's sword adheres to P5's strategic core, and all products support and help P5. P5 will cease production, the new P5 will be launched in May, and the upgraded version of P5 will have a stronger sense of quality, along with a low level of five grain fluids.
Combination of channels, import of board-distribution models Depending on information technology, supply chain, channel, consumer, pallet, price, demand, comprehensive adjustment, overall terminal price recovery, improvement of channel profit, firm dealership and
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, Beijing West Side Street, Beijing City.
Hsien Shenzhen Fukuwa, the 6th Free Trade Test in Chengdu China.
I don't have, do not have, do not have, and will not have any part of my pay.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.