Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals (600276), super-pound pd-1s, and growing up in the most powerful position in the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Incidents: The company issued a public announcement, the company and its subsidiary Sündia Biopharmaceuticals Ltd. and the Shanghai Henry Medicines Ltd. have recently received the approval of the National Drug Supervisory Authority for the issuance of the Medicines Register, and the public sector ' s pd-1 counter-action (Carrelli Pearl) has been officially approved.
The company's research and development of the most efficient and innovative drugs is leading the development of new adaptive disorders in the country. In January 2015, the company was officially approved on 30 May 2019 as a single-market application.
The pd-1 project has invested more than $500 million in research and development, and the first approved adaptive disorder is “relapsing or difficult to treat with chemotherapy through at least a second-line system” and the number of new adaptive clinical cases under way has reached more than 20, and the second-line treatment adaptive disorders for single drug treatment of liver cancer have been declared on the market.
cxss1900023.pd-1 One against the future is predominantly interoperable, and the company pd-1 and Apadaloni, as well as the joint treatment of various chemotherapy drugs, have achieved good protitudinal effects in a number of adaptive conditions, including liver, lung and educative cancer, laying the foundation for future co-medication; and in terms of progress in the clinical trials of physical adenoma adaptive disorders,
By the end of May, five pd-1s had been approved in the country, including two imports and three national products. The company was the third national product, the pd-1 company, the Genuine Organism.
Both Sindal organisms were approved in December 2018, and the state of Chihuahua is in a state of declared production. At present, the prices of both national production pd-1 that has been listed are below 200,000 per year, well below the prices of imported products (300-400,000 per year); we expect the company’s products to be marketed as quickly as possible at the end of July, at prices comparable to those of other countries.
Pd-1 is the most widely available anti-cancer drug, with more than 10 overseas approved treatments and a wider market base than any previous anti-cancer product. Four years later, the pd-1 global market has exceeded $14 billion and will continue to grow rapidly.
With 4.3 million new neoplasms and 1.8 million deaths, the pd-1 domestic market has a huge base of patients and tens of billions of dollars in market space. We expect companies to have a higher share of sales of pd-1 products 51 times, 39 times, and 31 times.
New development cycle. Promoting a corporate shift from traditional generics to innovative pharmaceutical strategies, maintaining “buy-in” 3. Heung Swe medicines (600276): heavy pounds of innovative drugs continue to be made available 4. Heung Swe medicines (600276):
5. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Uthia sapol (teprotein condensed) approved, anti-morbidity strains added.
(208-09-07) No direct or indirect compensation is not and will not be obtained as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report, and Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.