The growth in income and performance is accelerating, and the growth of the new cycle is evident at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company achieved operating income of $4.97 billion in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 28.8 per cent in the same year; real net profit of $1.19 billion to the mother, an increase of 25.6 per cent in the same year; net profit of $1.15 billion after deduction, an acceleration of income growth of Q1 that was evident in the same year, with an accelerated trend of income and performance growth determined for the year as a whole.
Income and performance increased by 7.1, 8.7 percentage points on the same basis, and sales line reform and the approval of new varieties were the main reasons for the acceleration of income and performance growth in 2019q1. The projected amortization of equity incentive costs of $200 million in 2019 was influenced by the amortization of incentive costs, with a net profit increase of 2019q1 at 25.6 per cent on the same basis compared to income.
In 2018, the company was awarded a new 19k, purple sapol (teprotein combination), three pounds of diazole, and a very high growth in slow-disease products, led by non-Busitas and Ere Schebbs, which are the main reasons for the company ' s high income growth of 2019q1.
The three heavy-pound innovative drugs of violet sapol (the protein combination) and pelicanylene were marketed; among them, the first innovative drug to be approved by the company based on excellent clinical data on breast cancer, her 2-positive breast cancer treatment, is expected to be approved for the full-stage treatment of the disease in the future. In 2019, the company is expected to continue.
Approved as the country ' s first third national product, pd-1; Rama Qalun is in the review and approval stage, and is expected to be put on the market in 2019q4. In addition, multiple pounds, such as pd-l1, bellhead resistance, and cdk4/6 inhibitors, have entered the iii clinical phase and are expected to be declared on the market in 2020.
The first “4+7” cities have been piloting a volume acquisition policy, the price of selected varieties has dropped significantly, and the future trend of low prices for generics is irreversible, and innovation is the only way out. The company’s core generic drug varieties are injectors, later in the consistency assessment process than solid orals.
Formulations; we believe that the impact of generic drug belt purchases on companies is one to two years later than on other firms, and that the rapid rise of corporate innovations over the next two years in volume and sales is about to lead to a strategic shift from imitation to innovation that will effectively counter the negative impact of imitation drug price reduction purchases on corporate income and performance.
In 2017-2019q1, companies cumulatively declare 22 innovative drug varieties, with a total of more than 30 in number, and will continue to declare multiple innovation varieties each year in the future, which will also accelerate the transformation of innovation in companies.
Heung Swe Medicines (600276): A major breakthrough in innovation, a new development cycle, a shift from traditional generics to innovative pharmaceutical strategies, maintenance of “buy-in” and growth acceleration (2019-02-16)
2. Heung Swe Medicines (600276): Heavy pounds of innovative medicines continue to be obtained 3. Heung Swe Medicines (600276): Elieguk is in priority for review, opening up export transfer declaration channels
4. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Vispentol (protein condensed) has been approved, and anti-cancer varieties have been added (2018-09-07)
5. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): The first long-acting insulin was approved for clinical treatment, which further enriched the diabetes pipe. No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.