Carrier Jolle was approved for the market to speed up the company's innovative product wiring, and on June 02, 2019, research assistant Xu Wangyang.
▪ Incident: On 31 May 2019, the company issued a circular stating that the company and its subsidiaries, Sindyaxon Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Suzhou, and Heng Swe Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Shanghai, had recently received the approval of the National Drug Surveillance Authority (hereinafter referred to as “the National Drug Surveillance Authority”) for the issuance of the Medicines Register, the New Medicines Certificate,
The company was authorized to inject carrellium billings against conditional listings and to adapt to “supplicative or incurable Hodgkin lymphoma” after at least second-line chemistic therapy.” The domestic pd-1 market space was over $70 billion, and the company Carrillium bill was successfully placed on the market.
One group. The country is currently receiving five pd-1 units of resistance, including two imports, three national products, covering three adaptive conditions, namely, Nsclc, melanoma and Hodgkin lymphoma, including Keytruda, opdivo, non-small cell lung cancer, Trepley.
Chromosomal tumors), Sindili (Sinda, with typical Hochi gold lymphoma), Carrellella monochastic (Hungry, with typical Hodge gold lymphoma). pd-1's superior data on a wide range of cancer treatments have led to the rapid addition of opdivo, kevtruda, to the top ten (nine and four, respectively) of global drug sales.
Domestic penetration will be consistent with the United States market. Based on the good clinical effects of pd-1/l1 and the wide range of adaptive conditions, we expect that the domestic market space at pd-1 is expected to exceed 70 billion per year  drug-associated treatment effects at pd-1, with the largest combination of Henrichcombo and a good product line.
Joint drug use. Heung Swe's anti-pd-1 antibody shr-1210 UAPRA has communicated with the US fda on the international multi-centre iii clinical trial for hepatic cell cancer, which is expected to take place simultaneously in the United States, Europe, and China. Heung Swe's pharmaceutical pd-1 UAPATONI
The co-benefits were good, and the co-pharmacological ii clinical trials involved a wide range of adaptive conditions, including non-small cell lung cancer, small cell lung cancer, liver cell cancer, soft tissue mammoma and gastric tube-connected gland cancer, and the number and pace of co-adaptive adaptive disorders were significantly ahead of similar enterprises in the country.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment proposal 1, Heung Swe Medicine (600276): imitation based on sound corporate business style, diversified product lines and rich R & D pipeline reserves,
In combination with the foundation of the formulation export, the marketing of heavy-pound products such as pd-1, pd-1, porteone and violet ol protein has led to an increase in sales, which is rich in 2, The Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Income
R & D pipelines provide a sustained impetus for the future development of companies. As industry leaders, companies benefit from accelerated growth, increased R & D, and policy-induced innovation benefits and increased industry concentration, so we maintain a buy-in rating.
Company bidding for pharmaceuticals was lower than expected; approval of pharmaceutical reviews was less advanced than expected; R & D pipelines were less advanced than expected; formulation exports were lower than expected; domestic market space for pd-1 was more than $70 billion, and the company Carrillox was on board.
The country is currently receiving 5 pd-1 units of resistance, including two imports, three national products, covering three adaptive conditions: nsclc, melanoma and Hodgkin lymphoma, including keytuda, opdivo (not small).
Cell lung cancer), Trepley, Sindh (Sinda, typical Hodgin lymphoma), Car Riedjul (Hungry, typical Hodge lymphoma). pd-1's superior data on many cancer treatments quickly ranked Odivo, Keytruda, as the top ten (nine and four, respectively) in the global drug sales.
As the market for imported medicines and new domestic products continue to be introduced, pd-1 domestic penetration rates will continue to be seen in the United States market.
Billion dollars, $79.08 million, and $67 million, fully demonstrate the potential of pd-1 in the domestic market. Based on the excellent clinical effects of pd-1/l1 and the wide range of adaptive conditions, we expect that the net-1 market will be more than $70 billion a year.
(b) Assuming that the pd-1 adaptive disorder is approved overseas;
4) Assuming an average patient body weight of 60 kg. Table 2: pd-1/pd-l1 spatial measurement of the domestic market
The only co-pharmacological method currently approved by fda for immunotherapy is keytruda combined merciless and carpium chemotherapy for non-small cell lung cancers of non-septic cancers, with a 55% rate of efficacy; and chemotherapy alone is only effective.
29%. The median no progress period for keytruda combined chemotherapy is 13 months, the median no progress period for stand-alone chemotherapy is 8.9 months, and joint treatment reduces the risk of progress of 47% of the disease and has nothing to do with the pd-l1 table. The domestic pharmaceutical companies are actively developing single treatments, while exploring joint treatments.
The international multi-centre iii clinical trial for the treatment of hepatocyte cancer, which is expected to take place simultaneously in the United States, Europe, and China, is communicating with the U.S. fda.
The co-benefits of the Heungry Pharmacy pd-1 and the Apateni joint drug ii clinical trials involved a wide range of adaptive conditions, including non-small cell lung cancer, small cell lung cancer, liver cell cancer, soft tissue carcinomas and gastrophyteoporosis gland cancer, and the number and progress of co-adaptive ailments are significantly ahead of the same companies in the country.
It is a matter of concern that the company’s oncology lines include not only chemist drugs such as Dosita, violet proteins, and Osaliplatin, but also innovative drugs such as Apadeni and Tidaloni, which provide multiple combinations of pd-1 combinations. The country’s four giants are expected to emerge in a more sustainable way, with high levels of research and development.
At the R & D level, there are 3,000 HN R & D researchers, far more than any other competitor, in the follow-up to the expansion of adaptive disorders, and in the subsequent expansion of the disease.
Joint drug program research is fully assured. The Hen Swe Annual Report shows that the company sh-1210(pd-1) project has invested nearly 400 million dollars in research and development, with a high research and development threshold.
At the upper income level, and at the same regional level as Cloud Harbor, Xiamen, there is a gap between the other three production methods and the more persistent ones; from the point of view of capacity, we estimate that the company is expected to produce 24,000 litres by the end of 2019, roughly the same as its other rivals.
In marketing, the company sold at least 8,000 oncology lines in 2018, a sound marketing network, a stronger distribution network, a greater reliance on distributors such as Genuine and Pasifika, a gap in market education promotion than in Swe, and, in the case of high-end markets such as O Pharmacy, K Pharmacy and Tri-A Hospital, a company can do the market sink.
Based on sound corporate business style, diversified product lines, and a rich stock of R & D pipelines, we expect a public equivalent of 53 x/41 x/33x, pd-1, diazol proteins, etc., to be marketed for sales growth, with rich R & D pipelines providing a sustained impetus for companies to develop in the future. As industry leaders, companies benefit from the benefits of governance.
So we maintain a “buy-in” rating. Corporate bidding for medicines is lower than expected; approval and approval of medicines are less advanced than expected; R & D pipelines are less advanced than expected; and East Wu Securities Inc. has been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and has had a securities investment advisory committee.