The speed of the increase is in line with expectations, and the pd-1 counter-marketing event in Lulitien: the company issued a quarterly report in 2019, generating 1.775 billion yuan in one quarter, an increase of 72.07 per cent;
S034018001 Performance has increased at the highest level in recent years, and R & D has remained at high levels of investment. The net profit gains of the quarter have increased at a rate greater than that of last year, and are projected to be in line with the new listings and new medical supplies last year.
The company was listed last year with a number of heavy-pound items, such as platinum, protein violet and 19k, and the non-buzzer and Ere Schampoo are in new health care. The profit-side increase is less rapid than the pick-up rate, which is related to the company's increased R & D investment, and the company's R & D costs are $662 million a quarter, which is the same increase.
The depth of the company’s R & D pipeline will be further strengthened by continuous additions of inputs, robust profitability and improved repayment capacity. The M & A rate was 86.38% in the quarter and the net profit after deduction was 23.23%, which is roughly the same as the same period last year; and the sales rate dropped slightly by 0.51 pct to 0.51 pct.
The business cash flow decreased by 13.79% in the same year, and the company sold the pd-1 in 2018, which was approved in advance of the immediate multi-adaptive rate. The company’s pd-1 counter-opposition (Carily Pearl) has now completed a technical review and is expected to be approved in the first half of the year, making it the country’s third largest.
Pd-1 manufacturer. Carrillithleoplasty is undergoing clinical trials with several other adaptive disorders, including non-small cell cancers, hepatocell cancers, etc., all of which are in clinical iii: last year's international multi-centre iii of the company and fda's anti-Carrelli and Apateni combined treatment of late liver cancers.
In addition to the pd-1 resistance, Rimal is expected to be approved in the second half of 2019 and is currently in the process of review and approval; in addition, there are companies including Rigretine and Heng.
Several heavy-pound varieties, such as the Glype net and the Bervadchi single anti-similars, are located in the clinical iii period, and the new ones are granted with the prospect of continuing to contribute to the company’s performance elasticity. This rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.