Income-side growth has accelerated, research and development has intensified, as expected.
▪ Events: On 17 April 2019, the company published its first quarterly report of 2019, with operating income of RMB 49.67 billion, an increase of RMB 28.77 per cent from the previous year, a net profit of RMB 1,193 million from the mother, an increase of 25.61 per cent from the previous year, and an increase in the volume of research and development investment, which was in line with expectations.
The growth is driven by a series of quarterly growths in corporate income and profits, a continuous acceleration of 209q1, the listing of new products and marketing reforms. The growth of the 2019q1 crop was 28.77 per cent in the same year, the increase in the ring was 0.16 per cent, the increase in net profit was 25.61 per cent in the same year, the increase was 3.38 per cent in the ring and the net gain was deducted from the non-mortality.
In the second half of 2018, heavy-pound varieties such as sulfur pelican (19k) and platinum violet ol developed a system of product lines, a company-level department of oncology, video, integrated product industries, promotion of line marketing reforms, a shift in marketing patterns and the gradual establishment of a “four-way-one-way” system.
Specialized marketing systems, with the growth rate of the 2019q1 battalion, fully reflect the results of the decentralized marketing reform, with sales personnel increasing by 44 per cent in 2018 over the same period.The cost rate was 13.33 per cent, which strongly supported corporate project R & D and innovation development, including consistency.
An international multi-centre iii clinical trial program for hepatocyte cancer has been agreed upon with the company Carrill Julmon, Apadaloni, and has also been approved for treatment for unrefutable unsystematic treatments.
In addition to the clinical trials for terminal hepatitis cancer (hcc), we expect that Carreella's monodrug treatment will be approved in the near future. The company has also increased its pharmaceutical consistency evaluation work, maintaining the competitiveness of existing varieties, and recently successfully passed a consistency evaluation for the Gio capsule, Righty.
The successful clinical treatment of Tomi's nose spray will also enhance the competitiveness of the species in a controlled procurement environment. Annual sales increase by 68.37%. The company Pemen winterase entered health care at a cost of $2980/only, with a reduction of about 21.4%.
Lines show up, R & D continues to grow, entering the period of the innovation strategy harvest, $8.265 million, corresponding to 55 x, 43 x, 35 x.
The marketing of heavy white-collar products has led to an increase in sales, with rich R & D pipelines for companies to develop in the future.2 and Heung Swe Medicine (600276): companies to sustain the drive. As industry leaders, companies benefit from the benefits of policy-induced innovation.
We keep the “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board