Medical Health Research Center Company performance meets expectations and R & D significantly increases future life profile of the company (RMB)
In recent days, the company published its first quarterly report for 2019, with overall performance meeting expectations, and continued to increase investment in research and development: revenues of $4,967 million, or 28.8 per cent, were realized; net profit returns to mothers were $1,193 million, and company performance to the same date was expected, with profit-end increases lower than the end-end due mainly to continued increases in investment in research and development: public:
The Division has achieved a similar rate of growth of approximately 28.77 per cent, and we expect to have an increase in inputs associated with last year’s sales of new varieties. In addition, off-the-shelf expenditures are expected to have an increase of 190 per cent compared to the previous year, and are expected to be associated with an increase in receivables; and net operating cash flows are expected to have an increase of approximately -13.79 per cent compared to the previous year.
“Performance against expectations, concentrated harvest-time contributions of new medicines” Investment continues to grow, and the company is looking forward to clinical progress and future prospects for new medicines.Pd1 of the heavy-pound variety was approved to focus on clinical progress on major adaptive disorders: companies weigh on innovative drugs.
The company's performance is slightly higher than expected, and the quarterly round improvement is still at pd-1 (Carilyads) declared production and is currently in a priority review sequence, and we expect to be closed and the company expects the first team to be on the market. In addition, the company's pd1 is making a clinical forecast.
Over 20, we are expected to end major adaptive clinical treatments, such as lung cancer, and declare production this year. We expect 4. Corporate performance meets expectations, new medications are approved for post-morrow healthcare negotiations, and only bms and Merk are currently treated for lung cancer in the country.
Research and development costs continue to grow, and early clinical potentials and overseas clinicals are worth focusing on: The company ' s revenue is up to expectations, new products are up to date, and the company ' s shr0302 has been approved for fda clinical, shr1702, ins068, shr1701, etc.
Clinical batches, shr 1210 UAPATERIFDA are entering the third phase of the clinical process. We expect that the new clinical varieties will be filled with new drugs, and we recommend that attention be paid to the progress of new medicines such as cdk46, pd-l1/tgfbeta, pd-l1 in the country's clinical context, as well as to the first-line clinical programme on liver cancer in UAP-1 overseas.
Taking into account the company's performance in the marketing of innovative medicines, as well as the successive approvals of high-quality domestic and foreign generics, and the steady growth in performance, we maintain the company's “buy-in” rating. We expect Lee Jin-ray to be 2019-2021.
There is uncertainty about the procurement of generic pharmaceutical belts. There is uncertainty about the progress of research and development on innovative medicines. There is uncertainty about the clinical and approval of generic medicines and innovations abroad.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment