The first thing that's been approved for sale is the Hinshire Pharmaceuticals announcement on April 9, 2019, that the company's sodium carbonate.
Cfda approval is obtained for the listing of sodium reggae injection fluids.
The compound formulations are used mainly for the correction of cycling blood flow and inter-organic fluids when the cytocellular fluids are reduced, as well as for the correction of metabolic acid poisoning.
Sodium sodium carbonate is a fifth-generation round-up injection. Sodium sodium sodium injection is a round-up injection developed by the Japanese pharmaceutical company Dasaka, which can be used as a thinner when the circulation of blood is reduced and the interorganic fluid is reduced.
Reciprocal correction of the external fluids and correction of metabolic acid poisoning. Sodium carbonate. Ringer is the fifth-generation upgraded product, which is closest to the plasma, metabolic, without liver kidneys, through respiratory metabolism, does not add to the liver and kidneys.
Hsien-Ri is the first company to do so with sodium carbonate, and no second company has yet obtained a license for the product. Hen-Ri is the first and only host in the country.
The company with the sodium sodium carbonate lingue approvals, currently in the country with the original masquerador, the Great Concorro Pharmacy, the Sichuan Collon Pharmacy, the Hubei Dorei Pharmacy and the West Ambon Pharmaceuticals, and the Wuhan Valley Bioengineering Company Limited.
Seriga has the largest share of sales in the country in the field of injection fluid during the period of surgery, a good market base, and a better market place for sodium carbonate, sodium sodium sodium sodium, more than 1 billion places in the market. Sodium carbonate, sodium sodium, sodium sodium.
Heung Rilaga's upgraded product is superior to Lega's performance, with the possibility of a replacement in the future. According to our calculations, in 2018, Ralga sold around 28 million bags, if sodium carbonate lingue replaces its one-tenth market, year-on-year.
The sales bag can reach 2.8 million bags, and if sodium carbonate is priced around $350 per bag, the market space for sodium sodium carbonate is expected to be more than 1 billion.
They believe that, given the market base of the former Leka in the relevant fields, it is more likely than expected that sodium sodium carbonate will be replaced by a market of 1/10. Since its inception in 2005, Moneta has studied I.
To provide capital market investment strategies, information numbers and industry-related research services to large global investment institutions and enterprises.
Clients include large domestic and foreign asset management companies, insurance companies, private fund-raising, and all kinds of Monita research to join the new money group in 2015.
Henry Medicine: Sodium sodium carbonate lingue injections are approved for sale.
Incident: On April 9, 2019, Heung Swe Medicines issued an announcement stating that the company's listing application for a sodium hydrate lingle injection fluid was approved for cfda, with a new drug certificate number H20190001. Sodium hydrate lingle is a complex formulation consisting of multiple electrolyte components (sodium, potassium, magnesium, calcium ion), which is used mainly to supplement the cytogenation of the blood flow and tissue fluid when it decreases.
Sodium sodium carbonate is a fifth-generation round-up injection, with significant advantages. Sodium carbonate is a round-up injection developed by the Japanese pharmaceutical company, which can be used for circulation of blood and group.
When the weaving fluids were reduced, it was added to the cytogenetic correction and the correction of metabolic acid poisoning. It was first marketed on 19 March 2008 with the approval of the Department of Drugs and Medicine, with a commodity named bicanateinjection, with a global sale of sodium carbonate lingue injection fluids in 2018 of approximately $3.67 million. To date, the R & D cost of HS has been invested in the sodium carbonate linga injection project of approximately RMB 2.56 million.
There are already five generations of electrolytic solution products that are clinically used to supplement circulatory blood volume and tissue fluids to correct metabolic acid poisoning, and sodium carbonate is the fifth-generation upgraded product with multiple advantages. First, the comparison is the closest to blood plasma to correct metabolic acid poisoning caused by inadequate blood capacity during surgery, and improves blood circulation and corrects electrolytic disorders; second, it contains the next.
The unique hco3-buffer system has irreplaceable clinical application value for acute trauma patients who require a large amount of rapid blood supplementation and rapid acid recovery in liquids; third, metabolism without liver kidneys, through respiratory metabolism, without increasing the burden of liver kidneys, needles have a significant advantage in the treatment of fluids for patients with incomplete liver and kidney function.
Heung-seo is the first company to have access to sodium carbonate, and no second company has yet obtained a license for this product.
The pharmaceutical industry, the Hubei Dori pharmaceutical industry and the West An Wanlong pharmaceutical industry, as well as Wuhan Valley Bioengineering Limited, have been declared clinically sanctioned. Since Heung Swe is listed as a non-consistency evaluation class of 3.2 under the old register, the company has now initiated a consistency evaluation, with a market share of more than 50%.
It is widely used in the market as well as in the national catalogue of health insurance. Lega is second only to sodium emulsion, accounting for about 34% of the total market. It is now in local category B health care in 15 provinces and +1, at a price of about five times the price of sodium emulsion, and it can be seen that the top sales in this area are closely related to the other two factors.
It also reflects the fact that Heung Swe has a broader market base in the field of injecting liquid products during the period of surgery, and that Hing Swe sodium sodium sodium carbonate Linge has, as a result, developed a more sophisticated marketing path since the beginning of the market.
Figure 3: The main roundup IDUs were sold in 2017, with more than 1 billion sodium carbonate in the Lynga market space. Sodium sodium carbonate, an upgraded product of Heinrega, is superior to Lega in product performance, as it is closest to plasma composition, yes.
There is a certain degree of surrogate plasma for patients with reduced circulation, and in the larger context of more stringent blood transfusion control, the need for such plasma in the emergency room is high. Sodium carbonate Ringer has a better market base. As the market moves deeper and deeper, access will expand further.
In 2018, the newspaper Heung Swe reported sales of around 28 million bags in Lega, and after 19 years of market entry, Itola added a broad market base, which could be 2.8 million bags per year if it replaced its one-tenth market. Sodium carbonate has a number of advantages in product performance, with prices being set for high-end products of the liquid type injected during the round-up surgery, referring to the complex electrolytic injection in Belang, Germany.
The price of liquid ii, if sodium carbonate is priced around $350 per bag, is expected to have a market space of about $1 billion. Given the market base of the pre-Kingry Lyga in the relevant field, we believe that sodium carbonate is likely to be replaced by a market of 1/10 lei.i On 16 March 2019, I had good data on the adaptive period for my children, the martial arts-yellow artetic powder.i
Zhejiang medicine is expected to profit from the price hike of 03/03, 2019, slightly overexpected performance of 17/02, innovation and internationalization to ensure a steady growth of Heung Swe medicine, 15/02, with a huge retail head waiting.
On 29/01/2019, Fda granted temporary approval for the sodium chloride infusion in Hin Ri's right-wing Metomi.
19 November 2018 Retail Pharmacy Special Overseas Experience: The United States and Japan's Road to Growing Chains, November 2018: double-wheel drive, the blue sail medical transition re-opened, November 2018.
Medical clearance was strong on 30 October 2018, and long-term values were taken into account — three-quarter reviews of American Health — a copy of a pharmaceutical series of 28 October 2018 (I): American market environment, thick hairs, 29 September 2018, glittering into the spring — an in-depth report of the Cullen Pharmaceuticals Industry.
The depth of the medical equipment industry series of 31st of 2018 (I): The equipment industry is sailing ahead, and the product industry is on its way.