A steady and fast growth in performance, and a steady increase in investment in research and development (R & D) Heung Swe Medicine (600276.sh) Heung Swe Medicines (600276).
Wang Xiaoqi, Meng Yu Wei, for fees and assets, R & D costs 662 million yuan, an increase of 56.67 per cent over the same period;
Investments of enterprises; long-term unamortized costs increased by 50.95 per cent compared to the beginning of the period, mainly due to the increase in the cost of the renovation of the plant in Sindia, Fujian and Suzhou, with a net operating cash flow of $427 million, a decrease of 13.79 per cent.
(i) Performance increases are in line with expectations, with a steady increase in performance during the quarter as a result of increased research and development inputs and a slightly lower profit-end increase than in the end of income. Companies collected $4,967 million (+28.77 per cent) in the first quarter of 2019.
The profit of $1,193 million (+25.61%), the net non-mortality gain of $1,155 million (+27.76%), the rate of increase in the lubricant is slightly lower than the rate of increase in the revenue end, and we believe that this is mainly due to a slight increase in the inter-period cost rate (+1.74 pp), as a result of increased research and development inputs.
Research and development inputs in the field of pharmaceuticals have increased significantly (+56.67%). In addition, there has been a slight increase in financial costs (+0.50 pp).
Among these, we believe that the annual medical reports of Henry 1.2019-02-19 are in-depth follow-up: the pace of performance is up to expectations, and innovation leads in the field.
2.218-10-26 Heung Swe 3-quarter in-depth follow-up: q3
(ii) The heavy-pound product pd-1 is expected to be approved for 19h1 and will be available in the future for co-medication with Apateni. Currently, the approved adaptive conditions include late-stage non-small cell lung cancer, late-stage melanoma, transfered neck cancer, classic Hodgkin lymphoma, urinary path cancer, digestive cancer, cervical cancer, b-cell lymphoma, high microsatellites.
The year was marketed, with sales reaching $6,735 million in 2018. K and O drugs are still undergoing expansion, with sales expected to exceed $10 billion in 2019.
Pd-1 single resistance. Injecting carriedads is a human-sourced antipd-1 monoclonal antibodies that can be combined with human pd-1 receptors and block pd-1/pd-l1 routes to restore anti-cancer immunity to the organism, thus forming the basis for cancer immune treatment.
The company's pd-1 resistance was added to the cde priority review list on 23 April 1818, and the company has now completed the supplementary information review, with Houghki lymphoma, expected to be approved in 19h1. Prior to that, Kyosumi and Sindha's pd-1 resistance had been approved for listing in December 18 for black melanoma and Hodchi lympa, respectively.
At the same time, the company's pd-1 product can be continuously expanded in combination with the advantages of the sales department, and it is expected to be released quickly if it is successfully marketed. In addition, Carrill's multi-adaptive resistance is at the clinical trial stage.
On the subject, the Carrelliads have obtained excellent results in adaptive treatments in the second line of liver cancer, the first line of nasal cancer, the second line of dietary cancer and the first line of non-small cell lung cancer. At present, clinical adaptations in the iii phase include liver cancer, dietary cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, nasal cancer, etc.
The combination drug based on pd-1/pd-l1 became a hot spot for oncological immunisation, and Kareliadol and Apateni co-medication was ready for future use. The response rate to Apadeni's late lung, stomach and liver cancers was improved to some extent, with liver cancer being the best treated, currently combined for later liver cancer first-line treatment.
The clinical program has been endorsed by fda, and the global multi-centre clinical iii trial can begin. In addition, the application for clinical trials against the combined Apadeni for the treatment of late-stage hepatocyte cancer (hcc) has been approved by cfda.
In our view, the company's Carrill Bill, despite being slightly behind its domestic counterparts, will achieve rapid (iii) investment in research and development, with the advantage of many of its adaptive conditions, leading development, co-medication, strong anti-cancer marketing teams, etc.
Companies have a very competitive edge in R & D, and innovative R & D capabilities dominate the country. This is reflected mainly in: (1) investment in R & D continues to increase. In absolute terms, R & D investment of 662 million yuan was invested in R & D, an increase of 56.57 per cent over the previous year.
There are positive developments in the marketing of innovative medicines. The sulfur-pessel fluids, the maratinate-cartoni tablets have been put on the market, the ins068 fluids, the shr0302s, the shr0410 fluids have been approved for clinical trials overseas, the pd-1 single anti-polymer, and the schillings of benzulfonate have been added to the list of priority review approvals for cde, with an increase of (3) plus approvals in 2019.
The company has built a research and development team of more than 3,000 people, of whom more than 2,000 are PhDs, Shizuku and more than 100 foreign employees, and has research and development centres in the United States, Japan, and China. We believe that the company’s continued investment in research and development will strongly support corporate research and development, guarantee continuous technological innovation, and help the president.
In the first quarter of 2019, the company's performance met expectations, and we continue to see the future of the company. The company is an absolute leader in medicine innovation in the country, and it has taken a leading role in the fields of anti-cancer, anesthesia, and film. In its domestic business, the company has a heavy weight on the new drug, Apadalni, Ere Schebb, high-speed release, sulfur-pestilt injection fluids, and a martinic acid platinum.
At the same time, the Kareli Pearl List, which was approved at about 19 years of approval, is expected to increase its performance further. At the international level, the Division’s strategic internationalization layout continues, and the formulation export business is expected to contribute to elasticity.
The products on the table continue to contribute steadily, and Iodine salol injections, etc., have been marketed overseas, with immediate follow-up. On the other hand, the internationalization of the company’s innovative drugs is continuing, and the clinical programme for the combined Apadaloni against late-stage liver cancer has been endorsed by fda, and multi-centre clinical ii trials can take place.
Industry competition increases the risk: the risk of loss of core skilled personnel: capacity expansion is not as high as expected.