One of the reports in the series: the giant titanium powder industry, which leads to the global titanium industry, and the giant titanium powder industry, which hits it, has 540,000 tons of titanium powder from sulphate, 320,000 tons of titanium powder from chloride, which produces energy.
The company has a complete chain of titanium, from minerals to raw materials to titanium powder and sponge titanium, with a clear cost advantage. By 2022, the python pyric acid will be expanded to 650,000 t/a, and the chlorinated titanium powder will be expanded to 600,000 t/a.
The cost of titanium powder is expected to decrease further: 1) The cost of further strengthening through technological adaptation and scalding
In addition, the company’s sponge titanium industry will be expanded from 10,000 t/a to 70,000 tons in 2021. The python pelican pelican has built an integrated titanium chain from the national titanium industry to the global titanium industry.
The sulphate titanium powder industry, which has entered a period of capital contraction, has accelerated by comparing company prices to the trend of 300 depths, and is in the process of shrinking capital over time due to environmental regulations.
This cycle of contraction, accelerated division of industries, and rapid rise of leading firms. The arctic titanium sulphate, which accounts for 12.6% of global production, ranks first. With the support of titanium resources and technological advantages, corporate titanium sulphate has a stronger cost advantage, reaching 43% in 2019, far away.
In addition, companies sell at higher prices than the market averages, mainly because of the differential advantage of the products associated with the reprocessed film. In the future, while head companies can offer a small amount of high-yielding energy through technological change, environmental and cost pressures, marginal production or exit, sulphate-based titanium powder.
The supply side of the industry is stable. From the supply and demand point of view, there is no significant reversal in the price of titanium sulphate.
About 20% of the powder applications do not coincide with the chlorinated titanium powder: 2) the product quality of the sulphate titanium powder is gradually increasing and some high-end applications are being explored in the application area; 3) the sulphate titanium powder has a cost advantage and the domestic scale is far over-chlorinated and is price-sensitive and demand-intensive.
In the area of sulphate titanium powder, there is a higher value for it. Therefore, the business does not shrink and becomes a ballast for corporate cash flow and capital spending.
Few businesses have access to the market for titanium chloride, which poses an even greater challenge to titanium powder producers: 1) Nationally dominant boiling methods.
Greater tolerance for raw materials but more difficult to scale: 2) more stringent chlorination process conditions and higher requirements for automation control are the main manifestation of technical barriers; 3) capital spending thresholds brought about by steep increases in investment discourage most marginal producers; 4) high-end applications to titanium
In the next three years, the company will be modified through existing production techniques (focal/Chao-based).
An additional 40,000 t/a, a new 200,000 t/a capacity (Chu Yu base), a sustained increase in energy investment, an expansion of the chlorinated-method energy map. The chlorinated titanium powder business will be the main growth point for the dragon python.
We believe that titanium powder will be transformed from a fully competitive industry to an oligopolistic one. The python will also be transformed from a domestic-cost-leading titanium-polympic-head to a global-manifest-manifest-managed titanium industry. The core of corporate competitiveness lies in investment, R & D, production, and sales.
The company has four core advantages: 1) the cost advantages of key raw material packages, technological accumulations and integrated development, which provide the company with substantial profits and huge price policy space; 2) the complete chain of titanium industry, which is gradually perfected and built up without the company.
The powerful moats replicated: 3) an efficient capital operating model that helps companies to achieve much-needed industrial chains with lower yields: 4) industrial innovation is a continuous blood transfusion for companies that, on the one hand, break through the production of titanium powder with chlorinated methods and continue the company ' s leading edge in the titanium industry; on the other hand,
We believe that titanium powder is at 2015 levels in terms of price cycles (supply and demand relationships are different from 2015, but price cycles are similar);
In terms of competition patterns, titanium powder is becoming more competitive. So the long-term epidemic of the python is affecting the demand for titanium overseas, the trading war is affecting the export of company products and the import of raw materials, chlorination, the failure to increase the potential for titanium powder production, the risk of the proliferation of titanium powder technology for chlorination, sponges.
The titanium project is not as fast as expected.
The company has a complete titanium chain from minerals to raw materials to titanium powder and sponge titanium, with a clear cost advantage. By 2022, it will have expanded to 650,000 t/a.
The cost of titanium chloride is expected to decrease further: 1) by technological change and further scalding of the cost advantage; 2) by creating the thioric acid method through the thiochlor-coupled man-made gold redstone project + the integrated chain of titanium chloride; 3) by promoting the optimal use of the thongs to increase the chlorination method titanium.
In addition, the company’s sponge titanium industry will be expanded from 10,000 t/a to 70,000 tons in 2021. The python pelican pelican has built an integrated titanium from the mercurium ore ore ore to the titanium of the sea.
1.1 Integrated titanium industry chain based on titanium powder. 540,000 t/a sulphate titanium powder, 320,000 t/a chlorinated titanium powder, 10,000 t/a sponge titanium production capacity. Initial construction of integrated titanium industry of smium-magnetium ore concentrate powder and titanium sponge titanium
With regard to new projects, by 2022, the python will have 650,000 t/a titanium powder for sulphate and 600,000 t/a for chlorinated titanium powder, all of which are technology improvement projects and are expected to further enhance the company’s cost advantage; in Yunnan,
The new 200,000t/a chlorinated titanium powder will further upgrade the company's global presence in the field of titanium chloride.
Raw materials; promotion of the optimal use of the Cyclops to reduce the dependence of the chlorination process on imported minerals; 160,000 t/a chlorinated titanium slag project to be built in the Yu region to secure the original of the proposed 200,000 t/a titanium chlorinated powder project.
The company’s capacity has been expanding since its listing, becoming a large company with 200,000 t/a titanium powder, 60,000 t/a titanium powder and integrated titanium powder products since 2016. In September 2016, the company will raise an additional $9 billion in mergers and acquisitions.
At that time, the largest titanium production in the country was in the Sichuan dragon industry, and this successful merger enabled the company to produce 600,000 t/a of titanium powder and to own the chain of mineral industries, making it the largest, most profitable, titanium-powder consortium in the country.
At the time of the completion of the merger, the company ' s titanium powder production was distributed among three large integrated production bases: 200,000 t/a sulphate and 60,000 t/a chlorinated titanium powder, 220,000 t/a sulphate powder in the Sichuan dyang area, and 120,000 t/a sulphate powder in the Xiaoyang area of North Lake.
In 2016, the company developed to date to take full advantage of the former Sichuan dragon sulphate, the platinum chlorination method, and resource endowments to build capacity through large-scale chlorination, sulphate production techniques, and integrated transformation.
In 2019, the company successfully acquired the new titanium industry, which enabled the company to complete the industrial chain from high titanium slag to titanium chloride to sponge titanium, and further refined the company’s industrial structure. As a result, the dragon pelican pelican has 540,000 t/a titanium acid, 320,000 t/a titanium chloride, 10,000 t/a
Sponge titanium production, which initially completed the integrated titanium industry chain of the iron ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore or powder or powder or titanium or titanium, is among the leading players in the global titanium industry. 4 industrial consolidations have been completed since the company was listed: the Hensmeite orite orite powder industry was acquired in 2014
It has expanded its market in the high-end titanium industry; in 2016, it acquired strong alliances and complementarities; in 2017, it acquired Rillium, whose titanium resources increased the self-sufficiency of its raw materials; in 2019, it acquired the cloud, the southern titanium industry and the eastern titanium industry, and the Yunnan titanium industry expanded the company ' s chlorinated titanium powder and sponge operations.
The Orientian industry will work effectively with the company’s existing operations, while its own titanium mines will also guarantee the supply of raw materials for the company’s titanium operations. The company’s M&As are both pragmatic and effective. The realists now follow the industry’s business cycle for each M&A, choosing the right timing to reduce the acquisition costs.
The effectiveness of the acquisition is mainly reflected in the impact of the integration strategy, with 1+1>2. Prior to the merger of PFD, the ability to build new production of sulphate was limited, the capital expenditure of the company was mainly invested in 60,000 t/a chlorinated capacity building, and cash payments for fixed assets reached a high level in 2014 during the construction period, followed by an upward trend.
The project will be gradually completed by 2015 and will be fully completed by 2016, leading to a gradual decline in corporate fixed-asset cash payments in 2014 when they reach high levels. Following the merger of the U.S.A. and the dragons, the company ' s capital expenditure has risen to 2019, with the start of the construction of titanium powder, sponge titanium and all kinds of acillary capacity.
In the first quarter of 2020, cash payments for long-term assets, such as the purchase of fixed assets, amounted to $221 million, an increase of 118 per cent over the previous year, mainly for new titanium titanium and existing production packages.
Underlying this is the abundant cash flow of significant cost advantages, as well as the scope for expansion created by the breakthrough in titanium powder chloride. We have counted all ongoing construction and progress since the company was listed:
A total of 17 expansion projects, with a total investment of $7,887 million, were invested mainly in chloride titanium powder, production capacity building and technology improvement works ($3,042 million), sponge capacity construction and technology change works ($3,271 million), sulphate titanium powder engineering projects ($1,423 million) and other products such as iron pigments.
The company's continued capital expenditure is concentrated on 13 new key raw material support projects for titanium chloride and sponge capacity, with a total investment of $1,844 million, mainly directed towards chlorination, titanium-based material rich in titanium, slag, production capacity and technological improvement of man-made red stones, and corporate titanium.
Greater expenditure on raw materials is effective in ensuring rapid access to critical energy, environmental protection, integrated resource use, and 29 projects, with a total investment of 2,113 million yuan, mainly for a large number of energy-efficient, environmentally friendly, and by-products integrated and efficient use projects.
The importance that companies attach to energy conservation and environmental conservation and continued optimization has been highlighted since 2010. We believe that the titanium-powder industry chain has a high demand for integrated resource use, and that sustained engineering optimization, while avoiding environmental pollution, will continue to reduce product costs and improve product quality and generate excessive benefits for companies in leading the industry.
The company ' s 60,000t/a chlorinated titanium powder project, which began construction in 2010, accumulated 141 per cent of the total budget in 2014, and became operational in 2016 after the additional budget was added. It was only through the difficult process of closing down the chlorination project that the company gained technical skills, which was followed by 200,000 t/a.
Valuable experience has been gained in the construction of chlorinated capacity. A number of companies in the country that have tried to introduce or self-develop chlorinated titanium powder projects have failed because of technical problems and the huge capital costs that have been overspent, and this has also revealed very high technical and financial barriers to chlorinated titanium powder.
1.2 The path to growth of M & A, E, and the cost reduction of the Three Ones The business of the company as a whole has improved qualitatively since the merger of the Union and the Dragon Python. In addition, the company ' s chlorinated titanium powder was scaled up in 2016, and the chain of sulphate titanium powder has improved, and the company ' s chain of industry has improved.
In 2019, the total was $11.42 billion, an increase of 8.2 per cent, and in 2020 q1 battalion gross profits still amounted to $1,574 million, an increase of 41 per cent over the previous year, mainly because of the recovery, construction and trial production in 2019, and the maintenance of a better start in the first quarter of 2020 for the coke and titanium powder for the chlorinated areas of Chu Yu.
At the same time, the production of titanium sulphate has increased steadily. We believe that, with the burning and chlorination of the Chu-Yung region, titanium powder production can climb up the slope, sales of titanium powder sulphate will remain stable, and corporate performance will increase steadily.
The company’s titanium powder industry has a clear cost advantage, and it has been able to achieve steady excess gains in a slow-down period from 2017 to 2019, thanks to a combination of raw materials, technical advantages and size advantages.
The stable and high rate of titanium powder has brought a steady cash flow to the company, with net cash flows remaining above $2 billion in 2017-2019, which has strongly underpinned key productive capital in recent years.
This expenditure. Net cash flows for investment and financing increased significantly in 2016 as a result of the merger of the U.S.A. and the python. In addition, the net ratio of companies has improved significantly since the establishment of the python and the asset-liability ratio has remained around 40%.
After the merger, the company’s management rate fell from 2017 to 2017, and the merger’s management was fast on track. When the merger and the merger of the new titanium industry were completed in 2019, it was new.
The main titanium plant has been in production for more than a year, and, with the support of dragon pelican technology and management, the re-production of sponge titanium and chlorinated titanium powder devices has taken place in a few months, demonstrating a high level of management coordination and technical strength in the field of chlorinated titanium powder and sponge titanium.
Roe and roic remain at a higher level, and are lower than HDW, mainly because of lower equity multipliers. 1.3 The talent-centred management concept suggests that the competitiveness of future chemical enterprises depends on fine management and innovative R & D, the roots behind which it lies.
In 2019, the total number of R & D personnel reached 931, or 13.13%, and maintaining a large R & D team would be a strong safeguard for building capacity and improving the quality and value-added of products.
As of July 2020, companies listed in the company Kryptonite hold a total of 303 patents for effective inventions, of which nine are patented overseas.
The ratio of R & D expenditure to R & D expenditure has changed in the number of undergraduates and above in the company's staff in figure 21. The company's equity structure is more fragmented, with the existing major shareholders being the former Henan Pali Union and Sichuan Dragon Python.
Li Ling and Tan Ri-ching, among others, are expected to gradually reduce their stock holdings due to their own funding needs, and it is expected that with the completion of the plan, the company ' s equity structure will become clearer and more centralized, and that further progress will be made towards the overall efficiency of the company.
Of the 91 million shares, or 4.49% of the total equity, the cumulative number of participants was 4,300, nearly half of the employees were involved in the share-holding scheme according to the 2019 trombone rate of 9085 employees. In 2017, the employee holding scheme was awarded $10.19 per share, with a return of 80.37% as at 1 July 2020; and in 2019, the employee was paid 80.37%.
The month’s reduction cycle shows, on the one hand, a long-term interest in corporate values and a willingness to grow with the company; on the other hand, it is linked to the company’s high-scoring strategy for sustained stability. The high rate of return on the two stockholding schemes, which effectively benefits the employee, will also provide a real incentive to follow up on the stockholding plan.
Since 2016, as the quality of business continues to improve and the level of profitability increases, companies have gradually increased their cash dividends, which have remained at a high level of $1.5 to $2 billion for four consecutive years. The 2020q1 company announced the implementation of $1.829 billion in dividends, a high score that demonstrates the firm ' s confidence in its own business and company value by encouraging shareholders to hold shares in the company for a long period of time. The company ' s asset-liability rate is around 40%, and we believe that it is able to repay its shareholders while securing the funds needed for productive operations.
The firm’s strategy to maintain the red score is firm and is expected to remain high in the future. 2 titanium sulphate powder: the capital cycle shrinks to the status of the head because environmental regulations, titanium powder sulphate, are and will remain in the capital cycle trend.
With the support of titanium resources and technological excellence, corporate titanium sulphate has a stronger cost advantage, reaching 43.3% in 2019.
In addition, companies sell at prices higher than the market averages, mainly because of the differential advantage of products derived from the reprocessed film belt. In the future, while head companies can increase their production capacity slightly through technological change, the supply side of the sulphate titanium powder industry remains stable under environmental and cost pressures, marginal production or exit.
We believe that titanium powder sulphate will not be completely replaced, mainly because: 1) 20% of titanium powder sulphate is used in applications that do not coincide with titanium powder chloride; 2) the product quality of titanium powder sulphate is gradually improving.
The application area explores high-end applications to some extent; 3) The sulphate titanium powder has a cost advantage, is of a far-reaching national scale, is superchlorinated and has a higher price ratio for the sulphate titanium powder in areas where prices are sensitive and demand is high.
2.1 The arctic arctic has become the largest and most costly global production of titanium sulphate, and the production process of titanium sulphate is an intermittent process, with a relatively mild temperature of 850-950, resulting in relatively low barriers, leading to a significant expansion of energy in the market prior to the tightening of environmental protection.
The process of production of titanium powder can be divided into crude production and reprocessing, and the main technical barriers are concentrated on reprocessing. Thus, the cost of reprocessing the product, titanium powder, is higher. The company ' s s sulphate titanium powder production is coupled with the chlorine process, completing a circle of production in the group. The by-product of titanium powder is sulphate.
It was used to focus on the 300,000 t/a man-made carbide project, which provides raw materials for the production of titanium powder for chlorination, and figure 27, a flow chart of the titanium powder process for sulphate, which currently has 540,000 t/a titanium sulphate production capacity, which will be advanced in the future as the park integration project progresses.
The technology will also be gradually implemented, with the theoretical capacity of the company ' s sulphate titanium powder, which is expected to expand to 650,000 t/a by 2021. The sulphate titanium powder is produced intermittently and thus more resilient, largely dependent on life.
Since 2017, the company has maintained high rates of start-up (over 100%) and production rates. High rates of start-up reflect both market recognition and competition in the company’s long-term operations, as well as the company’s high level of production management, which ensures a smoothing off of the process between loads.
Operations. As the production of the sulphate titanium powder industry shrinks, the costs of corporate titanium sulphate products are further optimized, and the high end applications are further new, and we believe that the future rates of company titanium sulphate start-up and sales will continue to be maintained.
With environmental policies limiting the ability to build new titanium powder sulphate, it can only be optimized on the basis of existing projects, with a small increase in capacity. The company will continue to have a stable cycle of titanium powder sulphate over the next two years, with a steady increase in production and sales since 2017.
In the broader context of encouraging chlorination to limit sulphuric acid, corporate sulphuric acid operations will focus on optimizing existing capacity, and future production and sales are expected to remain stable. Material costs, energy costs, three costs, fixed costs constitute the full cost of sulphate titanium powder.
The company produces a small amount of titanium powder mainly for catalyst titanium powder. The company’s main product of titanium powder sulphate is high-value-added titanium powder.
Prices, in addition to being influenced by the homogeneity and stability of indicators such as particle size of the manufacturing process, depend mainly on the bundling process. titanium powder, because of its catalytic effect, may lead to the degradation of coatings during its use.
Completing a layer of organic or inorganic film increases the dampness and radiativeness of titanium powder. Application in different fields requires tailor-made development of the film process.
At the same time, stability has been accompanied by the accumulation of a wealth of titanium powder reprocessing techniques and formulas that can meet the differentiated needs of customers, and thus the company sells titanium powder at a higher price than the market average price of 1,000 to 2,000 yuan/t. With the expansion of chlorination capacity, the advancement of the titanium chain integration strategy, and the new main business (spongi)
titanium, sulphate products, mineral products, etc.) have grown, and the collection of titanium powder sulphate and the Maori share have declined, but their dominant position has not changed. We expect that by 2022, 600,000 t/a platinum chlorination will be fully fashioned, and sulphatic acid will continue to contribute 40 to 50 per cent of the company's revenue and net profit to 650,000 t/a.
The production of titanium powder by sulphate is a more mature production process, using the raw material of titanium concentrate or acid soluble titanium slag, as well as a slag mixture. The production of titanium powder by sulphate is actually a chemical process that removes impurities from titanium concentrates ( titanium slags) by separating, purifying, etc., and retains only 90% or more of titanium dioxide chemical processes.
The selection of the company ' s sulphate titanium powder raw material is wide ranging, either from home-grown titanium concentrates in the western part of the country to imported titanium concentrates in the Yunnan/Hainnan region, Australia, etc., or from a mix of materials based on price, production, transport distance, etc. The production of titanium sulphate requires a large amount of effort.
In the case of sulfuric acid, all three of the company ' s main sulphatic titanium powder production bases are equipped with large-scale sulphuric acid devices that fully meet the demand for sulfuric acid for titanium powder production.
When the cost is accounted for on the basis of the external purchase of titanium concentrate, the material accounts for 53 per cent of the total cost of titanium powder, of which titanium concentrate accounts for 33 per cent of the total cost and is a factor in the full cost of corporate titanium powder sulphate. Therefore, titanium concentrate is matched by cost differentials in the capacity of titanium powder.
One of the main reasons for this is that the company has a 1 milliont/a capacity to produce titanium concentrates that effectively reduce the full cost of the product by achieving an integrated production process from resources to manufacturing. The titanium resources are rich and widely distributed on Earth.
There are a few minerals, mainly diamonds and titanium. The titanium ore is about 85% to 95%. It is currently titanium or titanium or titanium, which is rich in the country's total titanium resources, and has been found to be 720 million tons of titanium resources (in terms of titanium dioxide) or about a third of the world's total reserves. But it is mainly titanium ore ore ore.
In addition, our titanium resources are scattered. According to the distribution of enterprises in the country, there are more than 80 titanium and titanium plants, most of them small in size, and the technology and equipment are lagging behind and even out.
One of the main reasons for the fragmentation of titanium mines is the absence of large titanium ore deposits, which are not easy to concentrate. Domestic titanium concentrates are far from meeting the needs of downstream producers, such as titanium powder, and require significant movement from Australia, India, Mozambique, etc.
Natural gold and titanium mines. The arcium arcade subsidiary, Sichuan pythonite, has the capacity to produce from argon magnets to 800,000 t/a titanium concentrates, and riel has the capacity to produce 200,000 t/a from titanium to titanium concentrates.
The demand for titanium powder sulphate for titanium concentrates amounted to 1.75 million t/a, with a theoretical compatibility rate of 85.1 per cent.
Figure 42 Titanite Feeding and Future Production Capability Plans 2.3. Tsimium Sulphate has limited capacity for expansion, leading to technological optimization in the future. In 1916, the first titanium powder production in the world with a capacity of 1,000t/a was built in Fitzlester, Norway.
Workshop, production of paints containing 25% titanium dioxide; in 1930, McLenburg made major changes to the sulphate process, the new process known as the Brumendfield method, which has been in use until today; Dubon and the United States lead industry, respectively, used this method to build a large number of sulphate titanium powder plants around the world.
Do not develop as the current titanium powder giants, Chemours and Connors, because of higher pollution and lower automation of titanium powder sulphate, the bulk of overseas titanium powder production is the higher-technology chlorination process, the sulphate process accounts for only 19 per cent of total overseas capacity, and production is concentrated.
The production of titanium in our country began in 1954-1955; the production of welds, and the production of welds at the Shanghai Heroinization Plant in 1956.
Ceramic titanium powder; successful pigment-grade titanium titanium powder developed by the Tianjin Chemical Research Institute in 1957; overheating of the domestic economy in the 1980s, up to 108 new small titanium powder factories were built in various parts of the country; in 1988, the State introduced industrial policy restrictions to eliminate capacity below 0.35 million t/a; in 1993, the Czech Republic was introduced at the 404th plant of the Ministry of Nuclear Industry.
Technology built a set of 15,000t/a sulphate titanium powder, which opened the country ' s history of mass production of titanium powder in 2010, influenced by high rates of economic heat and titanium powder industry, which dramatically expanded from 1.1 million t/a in 2009 to about 2.4 million t/a, making it the world ' s number one in 2019.
Intrasulphate titanium powder production further expanded to approximately 3.7390 million t/a, becoming the main global powder for titanium sulphate production.
The powder production capacity is based on the sulphate process, which is the absolute main force, with a long-term rate of more than 90%. In recent years, production has been fast-paced by the movement of people as a result of the python paralysing, the completion of chlorination capacity and domestic planning for the production of chlorinated technology, the production of sulphate titanium powder, which is stable in our country.
Proliferation, low access thresholds, and high Māori rates have attracted significant investment. Since 2010, domestic titanium sulphate production has increased significantly, with excess supply of titanium powder leading to a sharp fall in prices and a drop of $10,000 per ton by 2015. The new Environmental Protection Act 2015 has been in force, and the country has also introduced a series of measures.
Special treatment measures for highly polluting high-energy titanium powder companies have resulted in large quantities of small products that do not meet environmental requirements being shut down, and the price of sulphate titanium powder is approaching the 2015-2017 climate cycle. In 2018-2019, supply and demand patterns for titanium sulphate have stabilized, but head companies have been able to do so because of the elasticity of production of sulphate.
In addition, some marginally high-cost production shows signs of exit under the double pressure of environmental protection and low sales prices, and the re-constructing of the industry’s output cost curve, which supports prices, disappears. Thus, the price of titanium powder sulphate enters a slow-down zone.
We believe that in the future, heads of companies can change their capabilities through technology, while chlorination supplies have increased significantly, and that although some production capacity or withdrawal from the epidemic has also evolved to higher ends, overall supply and demand patterns of titanium sulphate have not changed much, and the future climate is expected to remain stable.
Trends in the price of domestic titanium sulphate (excluding taxes) By 2019, global titanium sulphate production had a combined capacity of 4,273,000 t/a, and domestic titanium sulphate production had a combined capacity of approximately 3,739,000 t/a, with an output ratio of 87.5 per cent, and the country has become the major producer of titanium sulphate.
The rapid expansion of the foreign sulphate titanium powder production concentration in pan-energy (venator), Connors (kronos) and Teno years has produced a large number of small- and medium-scale production enterprises, which constitute the bulk of the production of titanium sulphate.
The proportion of production capacity in sulphuric acid production enterprises is 34.92%, in enterprises of less than 100,000 t/a, 41.63%, and most are smaller. Large-scale sulphate titanium powder production has a clear advantage in environmental protection and cost control because it can be diversified. In our view, domestic sulphate titanium powder production is concentrated.
It is still low, with a large share of small-scale production still in the domestic market, and, in the future, where environmental policy is becoming increasingly competitive in the industry, the conglomerated, massively concentrated titanium sulphate production group will have a competitive advantage and contribute to increasing concentration of sulphate production.
Our sulphate titanium powder production is concentrated in Sichuan, Guangxi, Yunnan, etc., close to the main producers of the main material titanium concentrates, but most producers do not possess titanium resources and need to purchase titanium concentrate or choose to use imported titanium, which is also a major constraint on the expansion of production capacity. Of the domestic titanium powder production enterprises, only dragons are involved.
The apocalypse and acne have access to titanium resources and have the ability to prepare titanium concentrate ore or even high titanium slags from a magnetic ore. The accelerator is a subsidiary of a steel-climbing group, with its natural industrial chain advantage, and the accelerator culpables through the company Sichuan dragon smelt has the key titanium ore rights, and has the entire upper chain of the titanium industry, which is sulfur.
Acid titanium powder, which is accompanied by the supply of titanium concentrates, will significantly reduce the cost of producing titanium powder sulphate. Foreign titanium powder, which is dominated by chlorination, accounts for less than 20% of the capacity of sulphate and is declining from year to year, is gradually being replaced by more automated, less costly, chlorinated process capable of producing high-end titanium powder, to 2019.
During the year, the total capacity of overseas titanium sulphate was about 694,000 t/a, representing 15.7% of the total capacity of overseas titanium powder. Environmental policy restrictions on small-scale capacity are gradually increasing the concentration of domestic titanium powder production, reaching 45% in Cr5 and 60% in Cr10 in 2019, but there is still much room for improvement.
The trend towards higher concentration will persist, and the large-scale commissioning of the chlorinated titanium powder production will accelerate this 3-chloride titanium powder: from breakthrough to expansion.
Titanium powder production processes are more demanding for raw materials, and the flow-through process, although more tolerant for raw materials, is more difficult to scale; (2) the chlorination process is more demanding and requires higher controls on automation, which is the main manifestation of technical barriers; and (3) capital spending thresholds associated with steep increases in investment discourage most marginal production.
The high-end applications place higher demands on the technical services of titanium powder producers. The chlorinated titanium powder is not a commodity, but a customized, differentiated chemical.
Locked and mastered large-scale titanium chloride production processes. Supported by incremental capital spending, the company built 200,000 t/a capacity (commended in 2019), and acquired a new titanium industry (60,000 t/a chlorinated capacity). By 2019, the company had 320,000 t/a chlorine capacity.
Over the next three years, the company will continue to invest in increasing production capacity and expand the chlorination capacity map through the introduction of existing capacity improvements (an additional 40,000 t/a each at the Fahro/Chou base) and the construction of a new 200,000 t/a capacity (Chou base).
In the next three years, the additional capacity will reach 280,000 t/a, accounting for 45.9 per cent of the additional capacity of the national chlorination system.
The rapid pace of development over the years has become the largest, most technologically mature and certainest chlorination industry in the country, where titanium powder will also be the main increase in the business of the dragon python in the next 1 to 3 years, with two major technical difficulties compared to the titanium powder process of sulphate:
The first is the higher demand for raw materials. The high-teptium dioxide, low-trimium chloride slag/ titanium-rich material/goldite/manufactured rubles are used as feedstock, generally higher than 85% titanium dioxide, and the best-quality gold-smite material has a titanium dioxide content of more than 95%.
The core reaction process requires the preheating of the tetrachloride titanium implosion reactor, which combines with oxygen to produce titanium dioxide at the millisecond level after 1,800°C is combined to produce titanium dioxide.
The cooling gas cools down to control the size of titanium powder crystal particles. The extremely high temperature, the rapid cooling process, the chlorine-containing environment (corrosion equipment) and the extreme requirements for the precision of the crystal size control together constitute the main technical difficulty for the chlorinated titanium powder.
Since the construction and successful testing of the vehicle in 2016, the company has maintained a high start rate for 60,000 t/a chlorinated titanium powder units for three consecutive years, indicating that the company has at its disposal 60,000 t/a boiled chlorinated titanium powder production technology. The Vant/a chlorination project was completed in May 2019 and December 2019, respectively.
By the end of 2019, the company had 320,000 tons of chlorinated titanium powder, 60,000 t/a fittings in the focal area, and the expansion of 60,000 t/a installations at Yunnan Chu base and 200,000 t/a new production capacity were expected to occur.
In the second half of 2020, construction began, and production began in 2021-2022. By 2022, the python pelican pelicans will have two major chloride production bases, the aromatics and the titanium powders of Chu, with a total capacity of 600,000 t/a. The chlorinated titanium powder can be produced on a continuous basis, thus providing a greater advantage in the stability of the crystal size.
High-end areas that can be applied to sulphate can't be covered. The Jinzhou titanium industry is the country's oldest producer of chlorinated titanium powder, and the trend in public offers suggests that the price of chlorinated titanium powder is flat, which we believe is because it differs from the bulk of chemicals, the product is highly variable, the share of direct sales is large, the price is low.
The average price of the company’s chlorination method is lower than the average price of imported titanium powder from abroad, and lower than the average price of the country’s Jinzhou titanium industry. We believe that the reason is two: 1) that the company is still in the process of climbing capacity, and that the market for titanium product from the chlorinated method is recognized.
(b) The company ' s chlorinated titanium powder has the lowest domestic (existing/under construction/to be built) production cost, with sufficient price space for market space.
By 2019, the company ' s chlorine titanium powder would have generated about RMB 1.06 billion, with gross profits of RMB 470 million, and the share of both the company ' s revenue and the Maori would have been around 10%. With the rapid upswing of chlorination capacity in the focal area of the company, the new production capacity in Chu Yuji district would have been laid down, and by 2022, the company ' s chlorination titanium powder would have been collected between RMB 5 billion and RMB 7 billion.
Two hundred and fifty-five billion dollars, making the substitute titanium powder for sulphate the company's main business. 3.2 The raw material for the titanium powder of the chlorinated system is demanding, and there is room for increasing self-sufficiency.
Mines, as well as imports of titanium concentrate from Australia and Mozambique, but titanium concentrate cannot be used directly as a chlorination material, and there is also a need to concentrate titanium dioxide through chemical solubility, smelting, etc., to become high titanium slags/man-made molds/ titanium material containing 85% or more of titanium dioxide.
The country’s titanium resources are predominantly rock-based, high-skinned, scattered, and, together with the country’s weak smelting techniques and a severe accumulation of technology, keep the country’s high titanium production capacity low for long periods of time.
Some of the available and proposed chlorinated methods in the country can be used to further increase the cost of titanium powder for chlorinated methods to limit the development of chlorinated titanium powder in the country in cases where domestic raw materials are not sufficient to meet demand (in insufficient quantities and of relatively poor quality), using high-cost imports of natural gold or titanium slag.
In the course of the second phase of the construction of the 20,000t/a chlorination process, the python pelican acrylic collide with the construction of the 2x150,000t/a-rich material project, which used the import of high-grade titanium alluvials to produce the raw titanium-rich material. In the course of the second phase of the 200,000t/a chlorination process, the 2\times 150,000t/a titanium-rich material II project was promoted simultaneously.
The new titanium powder production is a key prerequisite for the development of chlorination. While the new titanium powder production can be phased in, the focal area sulfur chloride-coupled man-made carbide project, the titanium-trimide conversion to chlorinated titanium slag project, and the new 160,000t/a titanium slag project in the new titanium industry are also being implemented in parallel to ensure the supply of key raw materials for the dragon pylonium.
Calculating that the company ' s theoretical coupling rate for titanium powder has always exceeded 100 per cent, but in the actual production process, the actual matching rate is lower than the theoretical matching rate due to the stringent and complex nature of the material requirements of the chlorination method, and the ratio of high titanium slags used in the Ministry ' s titanium chloride powder in the first half of 2020 is about 80 per cent, which is still on the rise.
Space. As the company deepens its understanding of chlorination techniques and breakthroughs in high titanium slag preparation techniques, future chlorination is expected to lead to complete self-sufficiency of raw materials, and the cost is expected to decrease even further, even below the traditional sulphate titanium 3.3 technical barriers to inhibit the expansion of titanium chloride.
The development of the country’s chlorinated titanium powder has been difficult, from the first set of 15,000 t/a titanium chloride devices introduced in the country in 1998 to the production capacity of 120,000 t/a in 2015. This is related to the country’s resource endowment and the complexity of the technology itself.
In 2016, after five years of technology and autonomous innovation, 60,000 t/a chlorinated titanium powder was manufactured; and 200,000 were manufactured in 2019.
In 2019, the country’s total production of chlorinated titanium powder was limited to three companies, namely, the python python, the river and the Jinzhou titanium industry. At present, it is 72.7%, which is an absolute advantage.
The additional production capacity of the Fascist powder will continue to be derived mainly from the python python, which is expected to produce an additional 610,000 t/a, including 280,000 t/a, or 45.9 per cent, from the dragon, python and python, and the former name of the Chinese titanium industry, the Liao Ning Jin State Iron Alloy Factory, through the foreign purchase of technical information on Dubon, in 1994.
The construction of our first 15,000t/a molten salt titanium chloride production line, which became the country’s first chlorination product, has been expanded several times and now has 30,000 t/a molten salt chlorination and 30,000 t/a boiling chlorination, each of which has less use because of the difficulty of producing large quantities of chlorine-containing sludge.
The Chinese titanium industry is planning to build a new 60,000-t/a boiling chlorinated titanium powder production line, which is expected to be completed in 2022. Companies such as the Chinese titanium industry use high-yield titanium slags produced from high-yielding plants, Yunnans, etc., to produce chlorination for raw materials.
Unlike the French titanium powder, the Li An Fei Ocean uses the import of high-end natural gold diamonds (up to 95.5 per cent titanium dioxide and about 96 per cent of the finished titanium titanium powder dioxide) to build a 100,000t/a chlorination method for raw materials. The titanium powder production line is to be completed by 2021.
The titanium-upgrading industry of the steel-coating companies currently has a 15000t/a medium-test production line for the production of titanium powder based on titanium tetrachloride, a 60,000t/a chlorination production line is to be constructed, and it is expected that in 2021, the titanium industry is to build a 60,000t/a titanium powder production line in Shandongbya, as planned.
It was completed in 2021. It has been acquired by Lubei Chemical.
A 50,000-t/a chlorination production line is to be built, scheduled for production in 2022, and we believe that python america, based on the mature applications and technical validation of existing devices, is technically unimpeded to build and build new production capacity, with greater degree of certainty than other firms are about to build capacity.
4 titanium downstream demand is based on real estate, automobiles, domestic demand structure similar to that of overseas titanium downstream, paint being the largest application area, accounting for 60% of consumption, 4 components of paint products, pigment fillings, solvents and assistants, titanium powder
The paint industry is the largest user of titanium powder. Paints made from titanium powder are colorful, coverful, color-efficient, small, diverse, medium-protective, and enhance the stability of paints.
Mechanical strength and inflexibility, protection against fission, protection from ultraviolet and water passage, and extension of the life of the paint membrane. The plastics industry is the second largest user, with titanium powder added to the plastics, which can increase the heat-resistance of plastics, light-resistantness, resistance, improved physico-chemical performance of plastics, mechanical strength of enhanced products,
The paper industry is the third largest user of titanium powder, used as paper filling, mainly in advanced paper and thin paper sheets. Adding titanium to the paper allows for better whiteness, brightness, high intensity, thinness, non-penetration of printing and light quality.
titanium powder is also an indispensable white pigment in advanced ink. The ink containing titanium powder is long-lasting in color, has good surface moisture, and is easily dispersed. The ink industry uses titanium powder in the form of gold and red and sharp titanium.
The company ' s titanium-sulfate brand is rich and meets various types of demand in the fields of paint, plastics, ink, paper, etc. titanium powder is still a variable commodity in the face of downstream markets, and the need for performance indicators varies from area to area.
But titanium powder exports are concentrated in developing China, taking over the local market at a value-for-money price, and exports to Europe and the United States, mainly to low- and middle-level markets. Dragon pelicans account for 33% of the market share of titanium powder exports, reaching the company’s overseas harvest in 2019.
Four hundred and fifty million dollars, or 42.7 per cent, of overseas operations have become a large number of domestic titanium powders, including the python python.
The sponge titanium production process is divided into three main components: 1) high titanium chloride to produce titanium tetrachloride, which can be completed with a modified device using the existing chlorinated titanium powder production line in the titanium powder mill area; 2) tetrachlorinated titanium reduction with distillation, i.e. magnesium heat, which is a sea-based response to the melting metal magnesium at high temperatures of fine titanium tetrachloride.
The titanium and molten molten magnesium, in the form of metallic titanium, are then distilled in a vacuum to remove chlorinated magnesium and excess magnesium from sponge titanium, thereby obtaining pure titanium; 3) the molten metal magnesium and chlorine gas from the electrolyzed cell of magnesium chlorinated magnesium to be returned to the pre-stage reaction material.
In 2007, we jumped into the world’s largest titanium-producing country, with the overseas sponge market being concentrated in Japan, the United States, and the CIS countries. In 2019, our titanium market had a total capacity of 1,895 million t/a, exceeding the combined capacity of overseas production.
In titanium use, Japan, the United States, and Russia are at the top of the industrial scale and technological level. Sponge titanium and its processed titanium alloys are most used in the aerospace field, and are widely used in aerodynamic leaves, master structure, subheritance, by virtue of their light quality and ability to cope with extreme conditions.
In the 1980s, with the upgrading of capacity and technological advances in Japan, its applications in the non-aerial space field began to expand, and its applications in chemicals, buildings (roof and outer wall materials), consumer goods (glass frames, watches, sports supplies) were widely used.
While overseas titanium production has a high concentration of capacity, the main production capacity and core technology are in the hands of a small number of leading firms, the concentration of domestic capacity is more fragmented, and the large number of low-end production capacity on horses contributes to the pattern of oversupply of sponges and low capacity utilization by most domestic firms.
Compliance with titanium is the country’s first ton-sized full-process production of sponge titanium, which is a military wage-earning, civilian-support company with a long-standing municipal presence. In 2019, it had a sponge titanium production capacity of 18,000 t/a.
The titanium group is the largest, most powerful, most complete system in the country, and the rare gold-based research and production base for titanium and titanium alloys. The first hydrogen bomb exploded in our country, the first nuclear submarine was built, and a series of major projects used titanium and titanium alloy products produced by the titanium group. Its subsidiary, the titanium god, was the main sponge.
After more than 20 years of rapid growth, our sponge titanium industry has changed from a net importer to a net exporter. After 2007, with the rapid growth of domestic and foreign titanium demand, the sponge titanium project is on its way.
And the rapid growth of production capacity and output, while the demand for sponge titanium downstream has not increased at the same rate, resulting in a generally low rate of production and use. According to statistics, in 2019, the capacity of our sponge titanium production was 1,895,000 t/a, 84,000 t, capacity utilization was only 44.3%, which is related to the structure of our sponge titanium products, excess low-end capacity and high-end capacity.
Sponge tiles can be divided into seven classes depending on purity and sex, the higher the purity, the better the titanium, the more expensive the corresponding price, the typically grade 0 and above titanium for aerospace use, and there is still a large gap between domestic zero grade rates (30 per cent domestically and 70 per cent abroad) and foreign countries.
At the same time as the domestic production of sponge titanium has increased, the balance of quality and cost continues to plague the production of sponge titanium. Several of our major titanium production companies are producing small airborne particles of titanium, but because
Limitations on production rates and product stability have led to low output and high costs for aviation and sponge titanium. At present, some of our sponge companies have a production rate of about 30% of the aero-grade titanium titanium, but Russia and others have a production rate of up to 70% or even close to 90%.
Sponge titanium at the aviation level is still in short supply. Sponge titanium operations have a strong correlation with the chlorinated titanium powder business, with lifelines from high titanium slag to titanium tetrachloride being fully shared.
The 60,000 t/a chlorinated titanium powder project has been expanded on the basis of the 30,000 t/a aviation-grade titanium production capacity and the 30,000 t/a sub-grade titanium production in the Chuen region are expected to have 70,000 t/a high-end titanium production capacity by 2021.
In the construction of the sponge titanium, the python pelican pelican is effectively connected to the existing chlorination capacity, while expanding the company’s titanium chain. Ninety% of the company’s planned production capacity is in the upper-end 0a-class aeronautic titanium, which has an excess yield space of about $7,000 compared to the normal 3-stage titanium.
High demand for technology is still high, and the country is still in a state of supply-and-demand stress, and the ability of firms to position themselves at the higher end can be effective in evading high- and low-end market competition for sponge titanium, which is expected to be phased in by 2021, creating a new growth point.
We believe that titanium powder will be transformed from a fully competitive industry to a virtual monopoly. The python is also transformed from a domestic-cost-leading titanium-polymer leader to a global leader in management.
At the heart of competitiveness is the efficient management of the whole chain of investment, R & D, production, and sales. Under this, the company has four main core advantages: 1) the product-based advantages of the key raw materials package, technological accumulation and integrated development, which provide the firm with substantial profits and huge price policy space; 2) the complete titanium industry, which is gradually improving.
(c) An efficient capital operating model that helps companies to acquire much needed industrial chains at lower cost: 4) Industrial innovation is a continuous blood transfusion for companies that, on the one hand, break through chlorination, scale production of titanium powder and continue the company's leading edge in the titanium powder industry; on the other hand, open new tracks.
We believe that titanium powder is at 2015 levels in terms of the price cycle (the current supply and demand relationship is different from 2015, but the price cycle is similar): in terms of capital cycle, the titanium perchloride is at the level of all-China chemistry in 2015: titanium powder is increasingly competitive in terms of competitive patterns.
1. The cost advantages of titanium powder operations, the cost advantages of existing operations generate excess returns that strongly support new business expansion.
The sulphate-based titanium powder package can yield over-revenues of $981.55/t of titanium powder, adding the cost advantage of the marginal capacity of $401.88/t of titanium powder, yielding over-revenues of $4983.34/t of titanium powder.
We expect that the company's sulphate titanium powder will maintain its current high rate of operation, continue to generate a stable and strong cash flow that will provide a new business expansion in terms of large capital spending needed for new business expansion, and that the one-ton investment in the construction of the python pelican project is much lower than planned for the same period in the country.
According to the CEP report, the company's focal area is 200,000 t/a titanium chloride project with a single ton investment of 9,000, while the newly disclosed project for chlorination with a single ton investment ranged from $14,000 to $2,000, with the dragon apricyl chloride method with a single depreciation of titanium powder with a cost advantage of $700 to 1,000.
This advantage can help firms to have an absolute advantage in the face of competition for the same products, while at the same time providing greater price-policy space in the process of developing new products for companies and taking advantage of existing suppliers’ markets. We believe that the cost advantages of the dragon python are significant and solid in both old and new business.
The new business expansion plan for the exhibition is more definitive. 2; the increasingly integrated industrial chain; the integration of dragons, the convergence of development ideas and the planning of related projects.
In addition to its own titanium resource endowments, the company has always focused on the construction of a package of high titanium slags for the primary use of chlorinated titanium. The thiochlor co-production of artificial reds and titanium in the western part of the focal area is a two-specific package of materials for the recycling of sulphate titanium.
Artificial carbide raw material for the production of chlorinated titanium powder by powder, combining the sulfurate titanium powder with the chlorinated titanium powder organic, reducing the cost of reprocessing of waste acid while achieving full efficiency of resource utilization, which is the first technology in the country; and titanium concentrate in the western part of the country due to its high level of titanium composition.
The ingredients are easy to form ridges in the inner walls of the reactor at high temperatures, and even to block tunnels, which are theoretically not applicable to the production of titanium chloride, while the Cylinium Chloride Project in the western part of the country will achieve its first application in the field of chloric titanium slag, which is the first time in the world that it will be completed and will also be a resource for the development of the mine in the western part of the country.
A major milestone in integrated and efficient use. The sponge titanium operation under construction in the python pylon is directly linked to the existing chlorinated titanium powder operation, the intermediate product of the powder is titanium trichloride, which is the raw material for sponge titanium, and the 30,000t/a sponge titanium project under construction in the focal area.
Directly based on the existing 60,000-t/a chlorinated titanium powder project. As a result of the linkages in the industrial chain, the final product can be flexiblely adjusted between titanium powder and sponge titanium, which will greatly increase companies’ resilience to price volatility.
So, by 2015, when environmental policies suddenly tightened and a lot of small-scale production was forced to close down, the strong union of leading companies was the trend. The Sichuan dragon python was the national boss in the field of sulphuric acid, with its unique raw material mix, with its advantages, and its ability to produce sulphuric acid, coupled with more advanced chlorination techniques.
In a series of subsequent M&As, it is also well known to be a pragmatic approach to M&As: M&As against the new titanium industry are in the run-up to titanium powder.
We believe that it is the core competitiveness of the dragon python to seek the most compatible targets for M&A operations, based on the characteristics of their own industrial chains.
With the support of the cash flow generated by the company's titanium industry, there will probably be additional synergies to the titanium industry chain in future M&As of Figure 84, strong product development, technology research and development, engineering strength and excellent managerial integration.
The technology for the titanium-chloride process is very difficult, demanding engineering capacity, and facing a tight technical blockade from foreign giants. The development of the titanium-chlorinated powder has also been extremely difficult, with the first set of installations in the country being 15,000 t/a devices from the titanium industry, using the technology of the Duponts of the 50-60s (mapped with technical advice).
It was built in 2018, when 60,000 t/a chlorination devices were found to be backward in a foreign country. A cooperative agreement was signed in 2010 with titanium to build a 60,000 t/a chlorination line, which, after nearly six years of construction, was built in a test vehicle in 2015, but the first one failed.
As a result, the U.S. has been in a dispute with the German titanium, and with constant attempts to untie the titanium, it has succeeded in the test car by the end of 2016 and has been able to complete production for three consecutive years from 2017 to 2019. In this project, the engineering capacity of the company has been greatly enhanced, with the country leading in the autonomous development of chlorination technology, while the rest of the country has been able to do so for the same period.
The chlorination construction project has also been caught up in intellectual property disputes and the introduction of foreign technology at a cost that has never reached production. The company’s 200,000 t/a chlorination capacity (100,000 t/a) began construction in 2017, took only two years to complete production, and the process of climbing capacity has been smooth, with 60,000 t/a fully demonstrated.
The impact of the epidemic on the demand for titanium powder overseas, the impact of the trade war on the export of company products and imports of raw materials, the increase in the capacity of the chlorinated titanium powder, the risk of proliferation of the chlorinated titanium powder technology, and the landing of the sponge titanium project are not as fast as expected.
The information and observations contained in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, received directly or indirectly as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.