Accelerator on the Quality Track.
On March 15, 2019, the Pacific Securities Institute issued the Long Python Permory Report: The titanium powder industry is moving from China to the world, followed by more than 10 recommended companies for follow-up reports, whose market value increased from 27.7 billion yuan to 47.4 billion yuan, an increase of more than 71 per cent, and over a period of time in which the company's cash was rededicated.
In this report, we compare the permuncture with the three dimensions of Mandarin chemistry, titanium powder international giants, and our domestic counterparts, to further elaborate on the logic of the future development of the company, while looking for gaps and learning from the best companies.
The core product of the apricots is titanium powder, which is comparable to the polyurethane mdi of all-China chemistry. Similarities include: (1) all over 100 billion global markets, with terminals downstream closely linked to real estate; (2) global demand of 6-7 million tons, which continues to grow; (3) industry oligopolies, with high concentration of taps; and (4) product unit prices of more than 10,000 ton, with a Māori rate of over 40 per cent, a good profit, and a competitive advantage of Mandarin and Python.
The main gaps are: (1) supply ends, mdi has technical barriers, and China has a life-long industry; the chlorinated titanium powder has some technical barriers, while the sulphate powder is common, has a general threshold, and competition among domestic counterparts is intense. The three major business plates have developed, especially in the areas of petrochemicals, fine chemicals, and new materials, with a single product structure for dragons.
In particular, there are scarce titanium resources and 40% of the raw materials are self-sufficient.2 The dragon arcadevs international giants: significant cost advantages, accelerated catch-up compared to the international giants, have the capacity of 1.01 million tons of titanium powder per year in third place globally, with a titanium-packing ratio of about 40%, the main product being sulphur.
Acid, with titanium powder having the lowest average price (2005 US$/ton), with the lowest single-ton cost ($1286/ton), and the 36% profit margin for ebitd being second only to Teno, with the largest net profit. International giants, such as Komum and Tenor, have been hit by a declining market share of tremor in recent years, with heavy financial burdens, high depreciation amortization, an unsatisfactory financial situation, a loss state in 2019, low capital expenditure and a lack of expansional motivation and capacity.
The impact has been compounded by the already difficult giants, whose low levels of asset indebtedness, high profitability, well-planned expansion of production capacity, increased chlorine use of titanium powder, which is in a strategic expansion period, extending to 1.25 million tonnes in 2021 and 1.35 million tonnes in 2023, will be the world’s number one.
The domestic titanium industry has a wide disparity in size, with a total capacity of 1.01 million tonnes per year for Top1 to Top3, 400,000 tonnes per year for a python, 400,000 tonnes per year for a nuclear titanium riser, and 240,000 tonnes per year for a titanium rise. The cost of a dragon has a cost advantage of 1,000 yuan per ton over a nuclear titanium riser, and more than 2,500 yuan per ton than any other enterprise. Technically, a dragon is the only country that has access to large-scale boiling-bed chlorination technology and is able to expand production autonomously to 100,000 tonnes of single-line capacity.
Businesses with single-line production capacity of only 1.5-5,000 tonnes per year, and most of the costs are higher. We believe that dragon python has an absolute advantage in the country. 4. The titanium powder industry has passed, the company’s performance is expected to recover rapidly.
A single-quarter profit of $400 million is the bottom of the company’s profits. In the third quarter, economic activity resumed further, and domestic indicators such as the growth in real estate investment and the opening space of new houses continued to improve. With the continued capital boom and the end of the rainy season in July and August, the industry is expected to continue to recover its demand for titanium powder. On the export side, China exported 97.5 million tons of titanium powder in July, corresponding to 10.07 per cent of the year.
As demand recovers, the industry rings improve, titanium powder rises, and corporate performance rises. Continuing releases, profits increase, low valuation scores are high, and a “buy-in” rating is maintained.
1- Dragon python arctic: both internal and external, horizontal and vertical, full-scale expansion, 2, Dragon pylon vs. all-power chemistry: all in a high-quality track with growing genes 3, Dragon pyrevs international giants: significant cost advantages, accelerated catch-up
4. Domestic counterparts in the dragon arcium vs: overall lead: I, accelerator — internal and external expansion, horizontal and vertical expansion — 1975: Cyclopic Capital Plant;
Chart: Corporate equity structure 2001: renamed Hoco Chemical; 2002: changed to Henan Bari
▪ 2011: listing in close contact;  2016: strategic alignment with the dragon industry  2019: acquisition of the new titanium industry in Yunnan;
And it's the only large titanium in the country with both sulphuric acid and chlorination processes.
I. Pyramid-intragenic condensation, horizontal vertical expansion 1, up to titanium mine, down to sponge titanium 2, two material guarantee projects
Diagram: Company-wide flow chart I, Dragon python-breeding, horizontal vertical expansion: longitudinal expansion: currently five production bases with titanium powder production capacity of 1.01 million tonnes/year.
Figure: Distribution of the company's current productive capacity
First, having titanium and titanium powder is different from mdi's high-quality track 1 and upstream industrial chain.
The price and profit from the petrochemical industry chain, such as mdi-based benzidine, are affected by oil prices, but the supply of the raw materials is relatively stable. Upstream, titanium powder is a titanium mine resource, with a relatively tight supply, and therefore has a significant advantage in enterprises that have titanium support.2 Global demand, growth and market size are comparable.
The demand for both is around 6-7 million tonnes/year, the demand for titanium powder is about as high as gdp, and the demand for mdi is about as high as 100 billion yuan in the market size of titanium powder and mdi based on a rough estimate of available prices.3 The Māori rate is similar. The Māori rate was more than 40 per cent in 2019.
Chart: The market size of the two products is over $100 billion.
A typical oligopoly with a pattern similar to that of the mdi industry, cr5 = 90%. Hulk chemistry 2.1 million tons, Bassov 2.1 million tons, Coth 1.71 million tons, Hensmeyer 1.25 million tons, and Tao 1.2 million tons.
But, in the subregion, the overseas market for titanium powder is also a typical oligopoly, with cr4 = 90%. Domestic concentration is low, cr4 = 40%, and future expansion of production capacity in dragon-singled companies will continue to increase the concentration in the domestic industry.
Chart: Global and domestic titanium powder production distribution in 2019
- From a global point of view, the overall competitive advantage is comparable to that of an international colleague; in the field of titanium powder, the python also has a cost advantage compared to the international titanium powder product of sulphate, thanks to well-developed industrial chains and size advantages, and the cost advantage is about $2,000/ton for a competitor.
The titanium-sulphate powder has a cost advantage of about 2000-3000 ton over the competitor. The titanium-chloride product has a technical advantage, and a single mdi-capable capacity of 800,000 tonnes/year, leading the competitor.
By 100,000 tonnes/year, leading domestic competitors, but there is still a gap between 200,000 tonnes/year of Cormew, the most technologically advanced in the world. Second, the dragon python waltzvs all-China chemistry: a high-quality track, a growing gene, a growth contrast: a tribute to the greatness of the dragon python lulli has the potential to become the world’s leading star in the titanium industry.
In 2019, the mdi produced 2.1 million tonnes per year, with the world’s first share reaching 24%, while building and storing mdi production more than 1.2 million tonnes per year, with a strong leader. At the same time, the omnipotent chemical self-promotion, three plate sizes developed, increasing the layout of petrochemicals, fine chemicals, and new materials.
The titanium powder has only 10.8% of the world’s total in 2019, and there is much room for development and upgrading. We expect to extend the chain of titanium production further after the public has expanded to the world’s top priority.
The power and capacity are also clear, with a rapid upscaling of the city, similar to the pre-2010 megawatts. According to the production expansion plan, the year 2023 will be 1.35 million tonnes/year, and it is also expected to be the world’s number one, three, and the dragon apricots: significant cost advantages, accelerated catch-up.
Four major international giant profiles Completion of splits with Dupont in 2015; Top technological advantages (first-ever chlorination) and size advantages (maximum single-line size 200,000 tonnes/year)
From the parent company, Kmatchkerr-mcgee, split in 2005, acquired Kost in 2019 and, as the world ' s leading mineral dealer, has the strongest industrial chain layout, acquiring more than 100% of the pre-Korst upstream titanium package, which now stands at 60% after the acquisition and remains the highest company with titanium.
(b) Completely without titanium, customizing differentiated products for customers and increasing value added.
The long-standing titanium powder company, which began with 1916, has developed a “proprietary chlorination technology” with 77 per cent chlorine capacity and the second largest single-line capacity (165,000 tonnes/year).
♪ I've got to go, I've got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go, I got to go,
titanium powder ebitda profit margin: Teno Rong Pingli  Komu
III. Dragon python populistvs international giants: with significant cost advantages, accelerated catch-up to the international giants has a very unsatisfied financial situation, a lack of expansionary momentum and capacity,1 and high debt ratios, resulting in large financial costs for enterprises.
The titanium industry chain, especially the upstream titanium industry, is a heavy asset industry with high depreciation amortization costs.4 Capital expenditure cannot be covered or has just been covered for depreciation and amortization, strategic contraction and lack of incentive and capacity for expansion.
In 2017, 2018, good profits were made; but since 2019, low-end markets have been hit hard by domestic firms, such as the python pelican, and again, Tenor, the most well-equipped company in titanium, has had the highest profit margin, but has suffered frequent losses in recent years. Chart: The financial situation of the international giants is uncertain (2019).
iii. Dragon pelivs international giants: significant cost advantages, accelerated catch-up  2019 net profit splits between Komum and Tenor, mainly due to: 1 high initial investment leading to high depreciation amortization costs
2. High asset and liability rates lead to high financial costs and non-recurrent gains and losses: e.g., Kommoo ' s loss of pension settlement, legal and environmental costs, Tenor ' s contract and impairment loss, etc.
The biggest financial burden has affected the profitability of the overseas titanium powder giants, thereby limiting their ability to expand their production.
In 2019, it became the only profitable company in the world’s leading industry, and in the process of expanding its capacity, planning for the full production of its capacity reached 1.35 million tons per year in 2023, accelerating its growth to the top of global titanium powder.
In the first half of 2020, as a result of the global epidemic, the competitiveness of the overseas titanium industry continued to decline. In the first half of the year, for example, income and return to the mother ' s net profit had declined significantly, while the asset-liability ratio had risen further, to 90.63%.
During the same period, the dragon python was tested by the epidemic, and titanium powder sales, harvests and net repatriation profits grew in reverse, with no competitiveness, no. 3. Dragon python vs international giants: significant cost advantages, accelerated catch-up, technology still catching up to advanced international levels.
The core technical difficulty is that the oxidation sector, including the manufacturing and oxidation processes of the oxidizers, is a very high temperature fast millisecond reaction, with a high corrosive properties of titanium tetrachloride at first 1000°C or more.
Second, it is very difficult for titanium tetrachloride and oxygen to combine to produce crystals and control particles over a millisecond period, producing titanium dioxide that is easily grown and glued to scar on the stove’s walls, affecting the continued steady operation of the device. As the founder of chlorination technology, it also represents the most advanced technology in the world, and the dragons are still catching up.
According to the annual reports of companies in 2019, the dragon python has a cost advantage of $1,000 per ton over the second-highest nuclear titanium in the industry, compared to the average for the Kimpo titanium industry and Anada, which has a cost advantage of about $2,500 per ton.
Diagrams: Dragon python beads have had significant advantages compared to domestic counterparts, orals have had significant advantages, and since the production of 60,000 tons of titanium per year of chlorinated powder in 2015, chlorination has become a domestic technique after years of touch.
The technology is the leading, the most stable, and has the capacity to expand autonomously, reaching 100,000 tonnes per year on the second line, and the quality of the product is constantly improving. In view of other domestic firms, the industry has a single capacity of 30,000 tons of titanium.
After a six-month trial, it stabilized. The advantages of the integration of the industry chain were evident, with new production capacities released, profits raised, low-valued high-valued reds, and a “buy-in” rating maintained.
(b) Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 13480,000. The views of the analysts are well reflected. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a sale or sale of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.