The product continues to upgrade, waiting for overseas demand to return to warmer, leading to performance repairs \triangleright 23 years of under-restricted demand, but is on a quarterly trend to repair. 23 years of major environmental impacts abroad, by line
The demand of the \triangleright industry is under some pressure, and the company's performance has fallen in the same year, but it still appears to be recovering on a quarterly basis. The field demand in overseas cities is currently increasing at the same rate in the first three quarters of Europe and the Americas.
1) Desktop communications terminal operations: relatively more downswing throughout the year, mainly due to the shift in demand from the excess of the inventory cycle to some sectors affected by mixed office trends. Currently, stock levels tend to be manageable, and dealers are gradually restoring confidence and restoring confidence.
Phase-by-step inventory replenishment. 2) Conference product operations: relatively robust growth throughout the year, with the end of stock and a return to relatively rapid growth in comparison with the second half of the year. This is largely due to the company’s continued development of landscape solutions, as well as rapid market demand responsiveness and high-level R & D innovation capabilities, which are expected to continue in the future.
(iii) Cloud office terminal operations: year-on-year decline, mainly influenced by the push rhythm and validation cycle of the new product in the first half of the year, but in the second half of the year the same ring ratio has now returned to a certain level of growth, with new company bluetooths and wheat items officially placed on the market in August 2023, and the overall feedback is now positive.
100 million Union Networks (300628.sz) tri-quarterly reporting points in 2023 and cloud office end product lines in 2024 are expected to return to high growth.
The future market for Curve Cloud Office Terminal is promising, while the fourth-growth curve hearing aid business is in a positive position. 200 million Union Networks (300628.sz) in the semi-annual year 2023, a market of intelligent and well-positioned offices, many of which build confidence in future growth.
\triangleright Performance Note: Performance has decreased by the same year, stockholdings have increased, products have been moving towards higher levels of intelligence: on November 16, 23, companies were carrying many new items of interest, such as:
Annual General Assembly. In December 23, the company entered into a strategic collaboration with the office in Kimsan on the management of software and hardware for business-smart office meetings. The 23-year Quarterly Review: 22 years of steady performance and 23-q1 short-term programme, which is expected to improve the competitiveness of cloud office end-products; and during the same period, a strategic partnership was established with Sensus.
The 400 million network (300628.sz) performance forecast for 2022 is expected to drive innovation in headphones. Companies insist on autonomous innovation, with outstanding innovative design capabilities: they have been evaluated by countries: product R & D and market expansion and focus, core competitiveness.
Industrial Design Centers and National Intellectual Property Demonstrations; the company received seven awards for the 2023 Contemporary Design Award, of which Blue further consolidated by 2023/01/14.
500 million Union Networks (300628.sz) tri-quarterly reporting point deskvisiona 24 in 2022 were placed at the Red Point Design Museum for exhibition.
Investment proposal: Given the near-fullness of the distributor ' s move to stock and the increasing positive changes in the operations of the conference and cloud office terminals, and the expected increase in future warming requirements, it is expected that the company will gradually return to a normal performance pace, taking into account the 23-year shortfall in demand
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective production of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.