Livestock prices have continued to improve, and the performance of q3 has increased significantly.
Livestock prices have continued to improve, with a significant increase in the performance of q3 in the 2022q1-3 company, and a significant increase in the cost of Xie Chi Yu, mainly due to increased interest expenditure. 22q3 companies earned $24.33 billion, the same ratio.
q3 boar sales amounted to 4.41 million head, with high prices contributing significantly to the profits of 2022q1-3 company monthly pig sales at an average cost of $17.1/kg and monthly losses in the pig industry. In July, the price of pig prices increased significantly, with q3 producing pigs at an average cost of approximately $22.61/kg (Run +46.91%).
By continuously optimizing the structure of the pig species and restructuring the disease prevention and control system, the company has continued to promote all efforts to reduce the efficiency of the production of the pig industry, which has steadily increased its production performance; while overcoming the pressure of continuously rising prices of feed raw materials, the company has produced a complete/pull farm.
The prices of chickens have continued to rise, and companies have continued to increase their performance by 2022q1-3 to sell chickens or have gone further down) and the cost-control industry has taken the lead. While the price of feed raw materials has risen, the company costs of chicken farming have risen; they have benefited from sales prices that have been consistently higher for many months.
Investments suggest that companies should focus on pig-breeding and chicken-breeding. With the trend of the pig cycle upwards, the company’s profitability improves.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.