q4 is expected to continue to make a profit in the first three quarters of the year.
On October 26, 2022, \triangleright million dollars, q3 quarter net profit on a profit run-down basis and ring q2 on a further recovery.
The profit distribution plan for the first three quarters of 2022 was disclosed, based on the total equity as at 24 October 2022, and the company sold 1,241.87 million pigs in the first three quarters of 2022 (with both fur pigs and fresh products), in comparison with the increase in market data: 25 October 2022
The price of pigs first fell and then rose, and the pig-raising industry as a whole was in a loss area. Monthly data show that, with the return of the pig price, the company's pig-producing plate started to lose in June. In the third quarter, with the further recovery of the pig price, the country's level of single-headed profit from self-sufficiency and the purchase of pig-breeding was increased from the first half of the year, respectively.
The company sold 783 million chickens in the 3rd quarter of 2022 (including chickens, fresh food and cooked food), compared with 783 million chickens in the same quarter.
The company’s poultry business has been profitable as a whole. In three quarters, the company’s sales of q3 chickens, driven by a recovery in pig prices, have risen significantly by the average price of q2, making the company’s poultry business q3 more profitable than q2.
Four quarters from now, driven by the demand for domestic meat consumption, domestic prices are expected to remain high, and companies q4 are expected to maintain good profits in pig and poultry production.
In view of the increase in the prices of pigs over the past three quarters, we have adjusted our projections of the company’s profits upwards. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report. I have undertaken not to use the information available to me in my identity, status or practice.
For personal gain, either by himself or by another person.