On October 29, the company issued a three-quarterly report: 7.66 billion won in September, an increase of 44 per cent over the previous year, resulting in a net return to the mother.
The profit was 867 million yuan, an increase of 83 per cent in the same year, and the net profit from non-repatriation was 825 million yuan, an increase of 87 per cent in the same year; the net cash flow from camp activities was 844 million yuan, an increase of 128 per cent in the same year.
q3 season revenues of $2.87 billion, a 37 per cent increase in the same year, a 9 per cent increase in the ring, a net profit of $396 million for mothers, a 106 per cent increase in the same year, a 39 per cent increase in the ring, and a net gain in: continued improvement in business efficiency and product structure, a significant increase in the same ratio; and a continuing effect of scale.
At present, profitability continues to increase; 5g operations continue to increase and orders are in high demand; conversion applications are approved, and phase two projects will address capacity bottlenecks; 98 per cent of annual capacity utilization in the first half of the first phase of the project, and companies propose to raise no more than $1,520 million in debt swaps.
(At present, the application has been approved by the CVM.) It is used mainly for general-purpose high-speed, high-density, multi-storey printed circuits investment projects (phase II), replenishment of liquidity, mainly for medium- and high-end telecommunications and service storage areas.
The project will add 580,000 m2/year to the postnatal capacity of pcb, and the 5g business share is expected to increase further and will continue to benefit from the 5g capital peak period.
The tin-free base plate project was able to climb well, leading the technological advantage industry, with companies accounting for more than 30 per cent of the global market for silicon microphone memms, a front-line technology and capacity reserve, and radio-frequency module envelopes used extensively for 3g and 4g mobile phone radio frequency modules.
The ipo fund-raising project in June 19 tested at a tin-free sheeting plant, which is currently in the production-capable slope phase, and whose products are mainly storage-type envelopes.The company focuses on the “3-in-one” strategy, and the pcb operation benefits 5g commercial acceleration, taking into account the company’s Southerners.
1. Deep South Circuit (002916) The current market surplus (ttm, general approach) in the circuit board industry is 40 times higher, taking into account the company’s rating for the country’s pcb area: q3 performance forecast, 5g operations
Lead business, technologically strong, customer-quality stability, elasticity based on growth in corporate performance, maintaining company “push 2” (002916) deep south circuits: 19H1 performance slightly over-expected, 5g operations
1. Increased competition in the industry: 2. The pace of productive activity is not as high as expected: 3; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials: 4; Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.