Deep South Circuit (002916) Electronic performance is higher than expected, communications pcb is strong, southwest securities research and development centre
Billions, an increase of 83.4 per cent over the same year, with higher net interest rate innovation: q3 income of $2.87 billion, an increase of 36.7 per cent over the same year, a net profit of 400 million over the same period, an increase of 105.8 per cent over the same period, and an increase of 39.4 per cent over the same quarter.
The q3 Māori ratio has risen significantly by 4.7 to 28.8%, the same year 5g has accelerated, the communications board has been upgraded optimally: 5g has experienced a steady growth of users since the commercial business, and national multi-ministerial support for 5g, essentially in terms of high growth of mobile end-flows and end-uses.
Innovation has accelerated, and the 5g network has grown in urgency and necessity. As China’s front-line supplier, Deep South has maintained high levels of capacity utilization since this year, the product structure has continued to upgrade, and the high-frequency high-speed boarding ratio has continued to rise, pushing the Māori rate up fast.
The rate has reached a high level, with South Chinaton II expected to start production in early 2020, and the area of energy positioning data communication (services and switches) with an incremental production period.
The market of Samsung and Apples is more than 30%; the production capacity of the tin-free plant has been well uphill since it came into operation in June, with a planned annual output of 600,000 flat, a small increase in the price of the q3 plates and a sharp increase in the volume of base plate operations. The semiconductor sector is expected to turn around, and demand for the plate industry is expected to recover.
Friction drives a large number of in-house chip manufacturers to move the supply chain to the country, home-grown paneling opportunities arrive, and deep south is expected to increase their share significantly in the future as a domestic leader in the sealing of the base. • Electronic assembly combines 5g east wind; companies continue to pursue 3-in-one development strategies and continue to expand at 5g
A competitive advantage in the area of communication boards, envelope boards and intensive development of a client-synergized electronic integration operation to capture rapid growth opportunities in board operations and to achieve synergies in the development of electronic integration operations.
2. Deep south circuits (002916); performance continues to exceed expectations, multi-factor resonance opens up growth space
In-house capital pcb tap (2019-03-13) Scenario 1: printing circuit board operations: companies print circuit boards mainly for communication boards and circuit boards, downstream applications mainly for base stations and servers, companies receive 43.5 per cent of the growth rate in the first three quarters of the season, contributing mainly to the board, considering the continuation of four quarters of production capacity
Uphills and product restructuring, which are expected to continue at a faster pace in the fourth quarter, with production starting next year, mainly from the Nanton II project, with a steady increase in output, and a two-fold rise in output and Māori rates as the 5g construction pushes up the ratio of high-end products.
Successfully, based on the expected increase in the company's share of national production replacement for the next two years, the revenue increase is expected for 19-21 years, respectively
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.