Over-performance, continuing to benefit from the 5g build-up The KAC International Holdings have a robust + Māori ratio, with performance up close to the forecast ceiling.
Limited, of which the q3 quarter contributed 40 million yuan to the net profit of the mother, a significant increase of 105.8 per cent over the same period, which is the main reason for exceeding the city by increasing the internal line optimization. The cost side remains stable, with sales rates falling slightly, with the shares showing a relative depth of 300 indexes.
With a 0.1 percentage point increase in management and R & D costs combined, the increase in R & D costs has continued to be higher than the increase in revenue. 5g commercial-led communications pcb volume has risen, and the Nanton project is going well.
The semi-annual report shows that the company's pcb printing circuit industry has contributed 3.53 billion yuan, an increase of 53.4 per cent over the previous three quarters, to running all operations at a faster pace. And since the third quarter, the product of the pcb printing circuit has started to deliver in bulk.
The income share from 5g is expected to increase further. In addition, there is now a near-term end to the climb of the South Chinastone project and a high level of capacity utilization. The South China China II project will also continue to provide capacity security for companies to share the 5g construction dividend.
It is hoped that the chips will be domesticated until the tin-free plant can be released. New track side, company forward-looking layout of the plate, which was previously collected, is reported in mid-2019 on the aaaa deep south circuit (002916).
5g income ratio increased, continuing to benefit from 5g. Test production in June, currently in the production capacity uphill phase, mainly oriented towards storage markets. As the demand for semiconductors recovers, electronics change speed, and semiconductor materials are expected to be needed
The aaa deep south circuit (002916), 2019 Quarterly reporting points, will also continue to be strong, and the national production-substitution material plate will usher in a huge market space.
Song Jiangbo maintains a “buy-in” rating of 44.7 and 32.7 times the current share price, respectively.
Kong Wenbin.