Deep South circuits continue to grow with high performance, with 5g driving growth The company is a leading company in the pcb field, leading the technology in the communications pcb, the enveloped base plate 5g.
The base station demand for pcb rose substantially, and with the construction of the 5g network, the company is expected to reach full orders and continue to grow with high performance. The company’s three-quarter performance forecast shows a net profit return of 78,033.25 million yuan-87,491.83 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 65-85 per cent over the same period;
The rate of use is at a high level; the production of the entire South-Teleton plant was launched in late 2018, with the donation of additional production capacity, which led to an increase in the income and profits of the main business. 5g product share has been gradually increased and 2nd stage capacity has been enhanced.
In addition, the company plans to build a second phase in South China to meet the needs of the market in the area of post-promotion telecommunications equipment for the 5g network, with an estimated total investment of $1,246 million in the second phase of the project. In April 2019, the company launched a swap-abled debt.
The project is currently being built with its own funds. Phase II will effectively guarantee the production capacity of the company’s 5g product.
The tin-free sheeting project is progressing well, and the front line is clear. The company is a leading domestic firm in the field of sealing the base plate, with the mems block product as the backbone of the business, with a clear lead in technology and production in this category.
Production of radio frequency modules, storage, etc. is growing faster. At present, ipo projects are non-soil-free, the containment base plate plant is in the production-capable slope phase, and key customer development for storage is on schedule, using the market price as of October 23, 2019.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. has a high potential for growth in performance, covering the first time, with an increased rating.
The 5g network is not as fast as expected; the new capacity is not as fast as expected.