Three-quarterly reports are over-expected, five-g construction periods are continuing with high growth, and on October 30, 2019, three-quarterly reviews of the deep south circuit (002916.sz) were published.
Corporate rating: Increase (maintain) Companies publish the three-quarterly report 2019. Operating in the first three quarters of 2019 billion yuan, an increase of 36.69 per cent over the previous period, net profit to mothers of 396 million yuan, same
This represents an increase of 113.85 per cent. Performance in the third quarter was higher than expected, and real performance was higher. Research Assistant: Wei Dato's growth of 1.q3 continued, and the construction period of 5g accelerated the growth of pcb demand.
The company’s three-quarterly reports exceed the forecast and maintain high growth, driven mainly by strong external market demand and the release of the company’s new plant capacity.At the demand side, the demand for 5g communications infrastructure continued to grow.
The company is qualified as a portfolio advisory business, and as a leader in the domestic pcb, it has a leading position in multi-layer high-speed pcb technology, and is a Chinese 5g core supplier.
Long Kong Tin-free plants are all fully produced, and the production capacity of the south is fully released, with 1 deep south circuit depth study - a steady high-quality one-month production of more than 100 million.
Increased volume leads to a high rate of growth in the company. 2, Deep South, semi-annual ratings - performance is in line with expectations. 2. The performance breakout period is not over, and future high-end production lines will continue to generate prices.
Value increment. In the first three quarters of the year, the number of construction works in the company increased by 206 per cent over the previous year, mainly in the semiconductor high-end high-secret board products project and the digital high-speed high-density multilayer pcb project (phase 2).
As a result of this increase, the South China Highway 2 location high-end order, with an additional annual output of 1.5 billion yuan, is expected to generate a strong momentum for future performance growth. The Pcb-manufacturing lead business in the deep south is benefiting from the construction phase of 5g.
The pcb operation remains the company's core business, released with the ability to raise production, increased the price of base stations with high frequency pcb in the 5g construction cycle, and increased concentration in the industry is projected to be 2019-2020.
We expect that 2019e - 2021e will be in operation for three years.
The other is a device module, i.e., test card, etc., which is relatively small. It is expected to be 2019e-2021e from open compliance channels, the analytical logic of the report is based on my professional understanding, the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and the conclusions are not from any third party.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.