q3 Performance Directions exceeded expectations, with a sustained surge in volume upscaling performance — q3 Performance Directions for the Deep South Quarterly Report Reviews exceeded expectations, with high growth rates throughout the year in 2019.
The company has continued to implement the “3-in-one” strategy and is committed to “building the world-class electronic circuit technology and solutions,” and we believe that building 5g will continue to be advanced and semi-guided.
The benefits will be fully realized in the larger context of the accelerated trend towards domesticization. It is expected that the period 2019-2021 will be full of net profit splits, with 5g product share rising and the sustained surge in volume value performance.
The 5g product share has continued to rise, and the 5g product is currently at a stage of increasing prices, and we believe that as the 5g base site continues to move forward, the company's overall pcb Māori ratio will increase steadily, orders will be full, capacity will be utilized at a higher level and revenue and profits will continue to grow rapidly, as seen in the envelope board business.
Products such as company fingerprints, radio frequency modules, storage, etc. are growing faster, and the plant capacity is on the slope, and the operation of public envelopes will continue to grow; the electronic packaging union operation, driven by increased demand for goods benefiting from communications, will continue to grow rapidly. We believe that the company will continue to grow as a company.
The world’s leading radio base station radio utility pcb supplier, with high-quality customers such as Hua, Naking, Ericsson, and Nokia, will reach the age of 5g, which will contribute to a sustained surge in corporate performance. • South Chinaton Phase 2 pcb plant plus tinless enveloped base-plating plant, with capacity expansion laying the basis for future growth
On the demand side, company pcb products are mainly used in communications, engineering medicine, auto electronics, servers, etc.
The H1 performance guide meets expectations, and markets in other areas, such as 5g boosters, are still growing. On the supply side, the production capacity utilization rate for the first phase of the pcb plant was high in 2019, and the Pcb plant for the second phase of South Chinaton was under construction;
The performance of q1 meets expectations and the internal capital pcb is geared towards the sealing of the base plate. The company ' s ipo collection project, which is a tin-free base plate factory, is currently in the production uphill phase and is expected to benefit fully from the company ' s sealing of the base plate against the background of an accelerated national production substitution trend.
High Performance Growth, the domestic pcb tap towards 5g The Age 2019-03-12