Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
The Māori rate ring ratio has increased significantly, and the volume-up logic is being realized The company achieved a revenue of $7.66 billion in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 43.5 per cent, a net gain of $870 million for the mother, an increase of 83.4 per cent and a net gain of $830 million for the non-retroactive parent, an increase of 87.1 per cent for the company.
In terms of profitability, Māori rates and net profit and 3.0 pct in the previous three quarters increased significantly.
1. "Q3 equal-year growth, volume upsight logic positive q3 performance predicts an increase in unit prices and volume upscaling logic is being realized: the company achieves a battalion in three quarters a quarter 2. 5g Ages, communication boards, server panels and encapsulations
For $2.87 billion, based on the company ' s 900,000 square metres/year, 500,000 tin-free square metres/year and close to 400,000 square metres/year of production/year of South Chinaton, we estimate that the company ' s pcb product q3 single-season unit price has reached 6378 per square metre against the company ' s unit price of approximately 3,000 per square metre until 2018.
The volume-size logic of downstream drivers such as 5g and idc is being fulfilled. 5g and server-type orders are being imported faster, and production capacity continues to yield high dividends: on orders, three-quarters of orders from communications lead equipment providers are full, and 5g orders continue to improve profitability.
Server-related orders are continuously being issued, demand is on the rise; in terms of capacity, the company's capacity has been increasing, and phase II capacity is being accelerated, and it can be tested as soon as possible early next year, as can be seen from the supply side. The pcb product has been well developed on both sides of the supply and demand side, with the capacity of the envelope.
It's a smooth layout, a warmer demand, and the firm's high growth is pretty much certain.
The construction of the 5g base station in Luyang is below expectations; the share of companies in the market is below expectations.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment