q3 performance forecast, high business profile 5g Dot Assessment Report/Elements 3-quarter performance forecast released on October 10: expected net profit from mother to mother in January-September 780 million
870 million yuan, an increase of 65-85 per cent over the same period; q3 single quarter net profit of between $310 million and $400 million, an increase over the same period.
Quarterly pcb orders were abundant, overall capacity utilization was high and demand for 4g products was stable; 5g base-building was high and 5g operations continued to rise; and production continued to climb from the south to the south, contributing to new capacity and continued high growth in revenue and profits.
As at 31 August, several projects were on hand orders of $198 million. The company proposed to issue a transferable debt collection fund of $983 per cent of its monthly production capacity and $505 million and $4.923 million of net profit, respectively.
Over $1.520 billion (currently accepted by the CVM) for general-purpose high-speed, high-density, multi-layered printing, circuit board investment projects (phase II), replenishment of liquidity, mainly for medium- and high-end communications and service storage.
The project will add 580,000 square metres of pcb capacity per year after delivery, and the 5g business share is expected to increase further, continuing to benefit from the 5g capital peak period.
The company has a technological and productive advantage in the field of envelopes, the global market for silicon McMems envelopes has over 30 per cent, the radio frequency module envelopes are heavily used for 3g and 4g mobile phone HF modules; high end storage.
The chip covers the base plate has been produced on a large scale, and the processor covers the base plate is already capable of producing it.
Storage type enveloped base plate. MS: 19H1 slightly overexpected, 5g Operations 2. Deep South Circuit (002916)
The company focuses on the “3-in-one” strategy, the pcb operation benefits 5g commercial acceleration, and the company is expected to achieve a net return to the mother profit in 2019-2021, taking into account the ability of the company to climb the production of the South China factory and the tin-free plant.
The Cow production circuit board industry, which currently has a 40-fold market surplus (ttm, overall approach), maintains a company's “recommended” rating, taking into account that the company is a leading company in the domestic pcb field, is technologically strong, has high-quality customer stability, is based on the elasticity of the growth of its performance.
1. Increased competition in the industry: 2. The pace of productive activity is not as high as expected: 3. The risk of price volatility of raw materials: 4. The author possesses the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.