In the new phase of development, certainty and value for money now highlight trends in development and the strategy of corporate portfolios. Management believes that the prospects for industry development under the new opportunities are strong, competition will slow down under the diversification of product categories/channels, corporate competitive advantages are evident, and positive progress is achieved.
Markets are worried about the future growth space and profitability of companies, and we believe that corporate 1) income growth and strategic expansion are clearer: building on the sound development of liquid milk, the promotion of milk powder and cheese is a new phase in the industry: a steady increase in demand, a more stable source of milk, and a slower competition.
The development opportunities are: 1) Health awareness increases the breast-milk landscape: the epidemic promotes consumer health, awareness and demand for dairy products. 2) There is still much room for per capita consumption improvement: there is still more room for per capita consumption than in Europe and Japan, and milk consumption in the lower-line market is higher than in the second-line city.
3. The overall market gap is still large. 3) The overall sector is less competitive: diversification of products, channels, growth of leading firms, more rational growth, more balanced income profit claims, and more gradual future competition in the industry. 4) Industrial chains are better integrated, and milk sources are more stable: taps are increasingly in control of upstream sources of milk, and raw materials are more available.
Stabilization and further competitiveness: Quantified operational strategy: constant upscaling of warm milk, important support for powdered milk, rapid development of cheese, new business with a positive layout. 1) Continuous upscaling of warm milk structure: continuous cracking in raw materials, packaging, taste
Change, such as the gold-column introduction of organic, basic white milk, and the Ammush launch of new products such as 0 cane sugar.) Milk powder is an important support: companies actively change their milk-powder thinking, increase their investment in marketing, channels, and continue to produce high- and medium-end new products, such as organic, milk-milk, etc., to achieve rapid growth.
3) The rapid development of cheese: a good cheese track, a big space, a company that uses children's cheese as a point of action, one-by-one, Erie's share (600887), step-by-step penetration and the launch in October of a regular-temperature product, a company's cheese subsidiary that is peaceful through its core workforce
q2 Prospective, Industrial Logic Sustained Co-Replenishment Innovation and Development Motivation, and Equivalence and Equipment of Cheese
Efficiency gains and approval of new products have more than doubled. 4) Pap milk is gradually laid out: 2 low temperatures, the Ily shares (600887), tracking the milk industry, although with a small base, is growing rapidly, and the company is producing a national distribution based on changes in consumption demand.
A new start for the next 10 years, with an enhanced base, a forward-looking layout. Production is also the country's number one, and all categories are number one, five, and the long run is 2021-06-07.
There are hundreds of billions to go. All kinds of products have to be first, 500 billion to go. 5) Actively laid-out new business: At the same time, new business such as plant-based, healthy snacks are actively explored and laid out.
Standing at a new beginning in the next decade, moving steadily towards a global brother. Over the years, the company has been guided by goals, with all categories of goods number one, 30 years of target number one worldwide, with a robust growth of strengths based on balanced development of capabilities, forward-looking layouts, precision in business, and innovative research reserves.
Long. In the medium and long term, with a clear path to growth in corporate incomes and a more balanced revenue profit claim, we expect that the improvement in the gross sales margin will lead to a gradual increase in the profit margin center.
With the narrow scale of the rise, and the lower cost of the line than it was in 19 years, we expect G2021h2 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, to have a portfolio investment advisory.