Food and beverage food processing Ely shares (600887), three-quarter reviews: steady growth in income, higher performance expectations, steady growth in income, rising penetration rates, bright milk powder performance.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved $84,674 million in operating income (+15.19 per cent). By category, the first three quarters of liquid milk earned $64,716 million (+13.0 per cent).
Head. Overall, 38.7% (+0.1 pct), high-end organic white milk and general-temperature acid (million shares)
Total market value/flow (million yuan)
Income from milk powder and dairy products in the first three quarters was $11,669 million (+24.5 per cent) and the municipal share was 7.1 per cent (600,887), the annual Iri shares (600,887) and the quarterly reviews: advance to the global milk industry
The warm cheese cane will soon be placed on the market, in coordination with the usual warm channels, in the hope of a fast market.
Question: good sales trends, year-round improvement - billion yuan (48.2 per cent), of which q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 = first and bottom-up share of the whole industry
The rate was 8%, 2pct was raised: gold crowns were upgraded by formula and last year’s low base sheet by 90% in three quarters; mother-and-child channel penetration increased by 2.6pt in September. q3 cold-drinking products earned 1,409 million yuan, gold flow by $6,082 million (+45%). The quality of the statements is good.
II. Favourable profit performance by various factors, such as structural optimization, rational marketing, high Maori milk powdering, 36.8 per cent (-0.1 pct) in the first three quarters, double-digit growth in original milk in the first half of the year, q3 as a result of a slowdown in the high base last year to medium-digit growth, and q4 milk prices, although in absolute terms they are still at a higher level, are comparable
This year's milk prices are expected to increase by a factor higher than in the first half of the year, rational marketing and product formation strategies to optimize cost pressures continue to be in effect, and Māori rates are expected to remain stable throughout the year. The first half of the year has increased.
But in the context of a rational competitive trend, it is assumed that profitability will be guaranteed.
Accompaniment of Ao Yu's milk equity, direct purchase of + subscription of new shares, Ao Yu's 34.33 per cent and subsequent full offer. If successfully completed, Eli will hold 77.73 per cent of Ao's equity to achieve a performance balance, with a greater focus on Ao Yu's market for infant and child milk powder.
In China, North America, Europe, Russia, Australia, the Middle East, etc., it has a network of marketing services, and there are 10 factories around the world that form infant and young child formula powder, child milk powder, adult milk powder, and a nutritional care system for all stages of life.
For many years in a row, Chaibeatkabrita's milk powder has been the first to be imported into the domestic market for sheep powder: super-high-end milk powder, Haipookai, has continued to grow at a high rate in recent years. The layouts 2019, 2020, 2021h1 will have a coordinated effect on the supply chain, R & D, health, etc., and will serve as a company.
“Achieving milk powder industry first by 2025” lays a solid foundation, and the expansion of milk powder operations will also enhance the overall profitability of future companies.
The demand for dairy products is expected to grow steadily, with high barriers to the supply-side farming sector and high-scale breeding cooperation between pastoral pastures and dairy companies, which is expected to be more moderate and stable in the future, favouring industry leaders, and market competition will be more evident in differentiated competition, innovation competition, products.
The competition between power and brand power.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.