On November 1, 2021, the third quarter of 2021, the news was outpaced, and profitability was on the rise.
Huang Hai Tse's performance in the three quarters of the year was further overtaken by events: in the first three quarters of the year, the company accounted for a total of 850.1.794 billion yuan in gross income, compared with +15.2%/+31.9% in gross profits and revenues.
Tom.huang@firstshanghai.com.hk Quarterly Total Income and Mother ' s Revenue Division is 285.0/26.2 billion yuan, compared to +8.6 per cent/+14.6 per cent in comparison, while short-term interruptions in liquid milk during the company ' s life have eased and the milk and cheese growth has accelerated to a good level: according to the branch, the company is doing well.
In the first three quarters, the liquid milk industry, milk powder and dairy industry, and cold-drinking products accounted for $647.2.1116.769.5 billion, compared with +13.0/24.5 per cent/15.1 per cent, of which q3 was affected by a single-quarter rise in the incidence of disease and natural disasters.
The share rose to 38.7%, of which the large single gold medallion also increased by more than 20% (of which the gold medal also increased by +50%) and Ammush was influenced by his usual soft-cheese-bread-breeding properties, but the rate remained at 65.1%, maintaining absolute leadership. On the low temperature side, the low-team cheese-breeding continued to remain marketed.
As the short-term disruptions, such as outbreaks and natural disasters, are expected to fade, the liquid milk industry, because of its high health properties, is not expected to recover to a faster rate. The milk powder and dairy industry revenue is rising gradually, with cheese in it.
At the retail end of the market, the company also increased to +180%, giving new impetus to the growth of corporate performance, and it is expected to double its cheese revenues throughout the year. With regard to milk powder, the company maintained its first position in the industry with adult milk powder.
The q3 quarter is projected to increase by more than +40%, with the large single gold crown becoming the Chinese market in September, with the limited responsibility of Hoop and Holt investing, the first-highest brand, and the mother-and-baby pipe of the company accelerating. The current company's milk powder competition continues to grow.
The company (8.85%) continues to upgrade, and its future growth is positive. With the company’s strategic entry into the XO milk industry in 2021, both sides are expected to develop more synergies from the supply chain, production technology, plumbing, etc.
The future company’s milk industry is expected to grow by about 25% of its internal cogeneration. The trend, however, has slowed down below the high base, with q3-quarters of the company using strategies such as product structure optimization and marketing, and contraction, where the Māori ratio has fluctuated from 0.9 pt to 35.6% over the same period.
The same-year rise will fall to about a high number, and the company will embrace a series of high Maori products with a year-round Māori ratio of at least the same level as last year. In terms of fees, the company ' s q3 sales rate is between -0.5 and 20.0%, the management rate is between -0.3 and 4.5%, and the cost of reducing the cost is increasing.
As noted above, given that the company’s performance in the first three quarters of 2021 was significantly higher than expected, and that its long-term development is clearly planned, I am at a critical risk: 1) food security: 2) milk prices are rising faster than expected: 3) the impact of the epidemic is exceeding expectations.
Data source: Bloomberg Prediction, First Shanghai Prediction, First Shanghai Certificate Co. Ltd.
Source: Corporate Data, First Shanghai Predicted First Shanghai Certificate Co. Ltd., First Shanghai Certificate Co. Ltd.
This report is compiled by the First Shanghai Certificates Limited (“Shanghai I”) and is intended for private general viewing only.
The content, data, data, tools, and materials contained in this report are provided only for reference purposes to the Cabinet and are not considered to be an invitation or offer to sell or purchase certificates or other financial documents, or to form investment advice for any person. Your Excellency shall not make any investment decision on the basis of any of the contents of this report. The content of this report does not take into account the investment orientation, financial situation or any special need of an individual investor.
This report contains information from sources considered reliable by Shanghai I. However, Shanghai I cannot guarantee that it is accurate, correct or complete, and that Shanghai I or its associates will not be responsible for any loss or loss due to the use/reference of any of the contents or data in this report.
First, Shanghai or its associates may hold a certificate or investment project referred to in this report, or provide a voucher service for the certificate or investment project. First, Shanghai is not a registered dealer under the United States Certificates Act (the "Certificate Certificates Act of 1934") or other related United States state government legislation.
In addition, Shanghai I is not a United States investment advisory law (hereinafter referred to as the Investment Counseling Act, the Investment Counseling Act, and the Securities Act of 1934, or other related United States state government laws). In the absence of a special exemption from the law, any financial and investment consulting services provided by Shanghai I, including (but not limited to) what is stated in this file, are not intended to be made available to Americans.
This report is not intended to be distributed or used by any person or unit in the country or jurisdiction.
Keep all rights.