• Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of milk powder and dairy products as a major part of a single-season increase, with liquid milk remaining in the lead.
The company's milk industry grew faster, with infant and child milk growing by 30% more than the same time, and gold crowned and precious care increasing by 40%. Meanwhile, the company's acquisition of butter, butter, and so on, began to grow.
The cheese retailing end is 180% higher than the same, and is expected to be a new engine of corporate profit. (2) The high end of liquid milk, the prices of the company compared to the depth of 300, has been upgraded, the gold syllable has been growing by more than 20%, the gold syllables have grown by more than 50% organically, and the city of Ammosh is dominated by more than 50%.
First of all, the O-Yo channel is better in three or four cities with more newborns, covering 35,000 mother-and-child channels. At the moment, I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-A-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I.
Second, Oyugiabeat's milk powder is a leader, while the market for milk powder is small (the manufacturer earns about 10 billion) but the double-digit increase is expected to be significantly better than the milk powder, and the “coupling of cattle and sheep” can give business growth prospects. Third, the original milk of both sides in Europe and Oceania.
• The Māori rate has risen by almost 1 percentage point on a one-season basis, despite cost pressure, while the sales cost ratio has fallen and the net interest rate has been over 9%. The domestic price of fresh milk has remained high, while the Māori rate has declined.
However, the same rise is expected to result in lower unit prices for product structure upgrades and side grants. On the other hand, costs slow down in industry competition, with 3q sales below 20% for the first time in five years, net return on the raw material price rises above the expected risks, food safety risks, product extension and access failure to expand.
The growth rate of the 3q21 battalion in Chart 1 has remained stable The growth of all product groups (billion yuan) has been sustained in the first three quarters of Figure 2.
Figure 33q21 High-speed growth of milk powder and dairy products Prices of raw materials exceed expected risks, food safety risks, product extension and channel expansion are not as high as expected. Contacts: Goldstone, Beijing University Biology Undergraduate, PhD, China Institute of Chemistry. 8 years of experience in strategic operations and R & D management of food and oil companies.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.