In the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $84,674 million, an increase of 15.19 per cent over the same period; and it became part of a listed company ' s shares.
The net profit of the East increased by 31.87% from the previous year by $7,944 million, while the income from the harvest grew steadily and the market share rose steadily. Corporate income grew steadily in the previous three quarters, and market penetration and coverage continued to increase.
From this point of view, liquid milk yields 64.716 billion yuan, compared to 13 per cent, of which gold and hot white milk increase by more than 20 per cent, gold and white milk increase by 50 per cent, market share by 200 per cent, milk powder and dairy products by 11.669 billion yuan, the same amount.
Millions of yuan, +2.1 per cent of the year, were affected mainly by the epidemic and the haemorrhage, which improved in September; milk powder and dairy products received $4,042 million, or +48.2 per cent of the year; and the cost rate was well controlled during the cold period, with the price of raw materials declining as a result of the increase in the Māori rate.
In the last three quarters, the Māori rate fell slightly between 0.13 pct and 36.81%, mainly in raw milk, fat, paper boxes, and other raw materials. The price of raw materials increased significantly over the same period, but the company hedged the cost-control pressure by optimizing product structure and rational marketing.
21.31 per cent, corresponding to 1.30 pct; 4.44 per cent management cost; and 4.44 per cent R & D cost, mainly due to increased interest income and exchange rate earnings. Combined with these factors, the company will see the future. (1) The company controls the Hong Kong gold port through its wholly-owned subsidiary.
The shares were acquired by agreement to transfer, subscribe to new shares and trigger a full offer obligation for a company with global ownership of infant and child formula and nutritious food from milk collection, product development, production to market end sale of whole-of-the-industry chains.
In China, North America, Europe, Russia, Australia, the Middle East, etc., there's a network of sales services, with 10 factories across the globe with a full product coverage of infant and child formula powder, child milk powder, adult milk powder, nutrition, etc.
Especially in the area of sheep milk powder, Aoi has the world's leading milk source, has the resource advantage, and kabrita branded lamb milk is the first market in the country to take over for many years, and if the acquisition is successfully completed, the company will hold it.
With a 77.73 per cent shareholding, it is expected to enhance market competitiveness in the area of infant and young child formula and sub-food distribution, while at the same time providing good coordination in the supply chain, R & D, health areas, channels, etc., through companies and target companies.
Co-benefits to better capture the opportunities for industrial development and achieve better development; (2) companies continue to promote global branding systems, with quality as their cornerstone, and enhance branding competitive advantages.
In the top 100 brands and the top 10 of the world's most valuable dairy brands list, the first company in the food and dairy industry has been a consumer-selected company for many years, in the year of Caidu; and (3) as industry leader, the company.
The huge brand value, coupled with the fact that the main business is moving from dairy to beverages, healthy foods, and so on, is expected to transform itself into a comprehensive food business. As consumers increase their brand awareness and disposable income, cheese, low-temperature milk,
High-value categories, such as healthy foods, are expected to grow rapidly. Risks; foreign market expansion is below expectations; food safety issues, etc.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.