High-end dairy products continue to be upgraded, and the acquisition of Oyuga milk powders continues to upgrade the structure of high-end liquid milk products, ranging from 1 to 3 q gold medals to 20 % gold medals to 50 % gold medals; milk powders to 50 % gold medals.
The company's 3q performance was evaluated, the cheese business grew significantly, and new products grew. The Ilyi 1-3q main business achieved 83.38 billion dollars in reduced purchasing power, and the dairy demand has gradually returned to a steady period since the outbreak occurred.
In milk powder, the gold crown is growing by more than 40%, the fastest growing brand in the market. Cold drinks are increasing by +15% (+14%/+14%/+21%). (2) liquid milk, cold drinks, are leading the market.
According to Nelson and Eli's share of liquid liquid milk is steady at the top of 38.6%, and Ammush's share of the market is 65.1%, maintaining an absolute leading position. The cold-drinking market is 28.2%, while the low-temperature share has risen to 15.2% in the last three quarters, and the retail end of the cheese business is retail.
This merger is expected to accelerate the capture of the market share of the milk powder industry, with complementarities and efficient synergies. The results of structural improvements and cost reduction efficiency gains are significant, leading to increased overall profitability.
The first-quarter increase in the price of original milk has been accompanied by an increase in the Māori rate, mainly to contribute to the continued upgrading of the product. Cost control is good; management costs are 4.5 per cent, corresponding to 0.1 pct; R&D costs and finance costs are 9.2 per cent, compared to +0.5 pc, resulting in significant structural improvements and cost reduction gains, leading to overall profitability
The net profit of $7.9 billion in the first three quarters has met the equity incentive target, and we judge that 4q profits continue to be more likely than expected, valued at 23 times the value over 22 years, with low-value dairy taps strongly recommended. In the context of the rise in original milk prices, companies control upstream pastures, upgrade product structures, and increase.
Looking at 4q, the cost pressure is gradually decreasing, while 4q20 accounts for $340 million in lost goodwill in western pastoralists and stock prices for subsidiaries. This year, 4q traders have a lower risk of impairment and a greater risk of higher-than-expected profitability.
Ely shares: product structure upgrades and cost efficiency gains, profits, recurrent epidemics, increased industry competition, and a significant increase in the cost of raw materials.
Food beverages: food processing