Iri shares (600887), profit improvement, cashing, split swords for industry, Iri shares.
The group is China’s largest dairy company, the largest of all products, and is in the lead in the global dairy industry, and in Asia’s dairy industry. The company is large, and the product lines are good.
It is a dairy company that meets Olympic standards and provides services for the 2008 Beijing Olympics; it is also in line with the World Expo logo.
Embrace companies that serve the Shanghai Expo in 2010. Eli has been pursuing and promoting innovative strategies and, over the years, has established several leading technical studies.
48.2 per cent show a strong channel capacity, branding effects and technological advantages driving the cooperative platform for infant and young child development and production research, which continues to drive industrial innovation, with the country identifying the Enterprise Technology Centre and the deep processing of dairy products.
“Gold crown” and “happiness” of adult milk powder are sold in the first category, with gold crowns, the Centre for Joint National and Local Engineering Studies, the Secretariat of the National Technical Committee for Refrigeration, and the National Dairy.
In the case of liquid milk, there is a consistent trend of structural upgrading, with a ratio of 21q1-q3 high-end platinum gold labels to +20%.
The centre's dairy labs, etc., are above the national level, and the gold-column organic growth rate is more than 50%; the market share of the pneumatic milk Ammush is 65.1%, and the research and development innovation platform.
For cheese, the company's former capital-replenished subsidiary, “I'm good cheese”, increases its cheese resource input and layout. For the market, the company's last three quarters used to be warm milk/low milk/baby milk/baby.
The rate of infant milk powder is 38.7 per cent/15.1 per cent.7 per cent.7 per cent, the same rate as the rate of breast milk/baby milk powder is +0.1/1.1 pct, high-end organic white milk, pyrotechnic milk, and low-temperature yogurt milk can be found in the first place in the market, highlighting the branding effect.
The company ' s Māori ratio is better in the context of the rise in the original milk cost, the sales cost ratio is lower, the gross sales spread is greater, the total equity/currenta share (millions) is more and more proven, and the profitability is improving; the company also continues to benefit from the industry ' s cost pressures.
The price of 2021q3 raw milk is still high, at +11%, and the cost of original milk is high, keeping the industry under pressure. 21 q3 sales cost 21.3%, compared to 1.3 pct;
The strong up-and-down layout of the company and its ability to optimize costs; at the same time, the shrinking cost of spending also confirms our earlier judgement that the pattern of competition in the industry has slowed, and that the cost of cutting costs has been reduced: as noted earlier. The structure of the public sector’s products has also been optimized, with high-end organic milk, milk powder, drinking, and so on.
The gross sales spread logic is continuously validated and net interest rates are released, driven by rational marketing, structural upgrading, basic white milk price increases, and upstream layouts. The gross sales margin of 21q3 is 15.5 per cent, corresponding to +1.2 pt, ring to 0.1 pt, net interest rate of 9.33 per cent, corresponding to +0.6 pt, and profitability is steadily increasing.
Looking ahead, the company clearly states that each class is the first in the industry, and that the top three of the global milk industry in 2025 and the first strategic objectives of the global dairy industry in 2030 remain unchanged. This month, the company organized an investor exchange day, in which the chairman, Pan Gang, the senior management team and the line ministries took part.
In the first two to five years of the industry next year, the milk powder business will be first in the industry; cheese, cold milk swords will be the industry’s first business goal. Under the foundation of the races, the company reaffirms the global milk of 2025, s14800704.
The top three of the world's milk industry strategy in 2030. Auxiliary front-runner of milk powder, Ao Yu, 34.33% of the stock, and the start of concerted initiatives in the supply chain, technology, channels, and so forth, the firm's goals, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
See, in the context of increased concentration and more stable patterns, the future industry is expected to move away from the previous price war, weixy@dxzq.net.cn, towards a virtuous competition of differentiation, innovation and structural upgrading; the firm’s gross sales margin is expected to increase further
And the company’s financial performance since this year has confirmed our judgement. In terms of the marginal changes in the upstream cycle of the industry, we judge that the supply and demand of milk will shift from scarcity to gradual equilibrium in the middle of next year, so that the milk price increases and the milk price itself will be expected.
Gradual decline, further foundation-based firm gross sales spreads, net interest rate targets; therefore, we believe that the future of industry demand is safe, corporate product innovation and structural upgrading are not changing; the pattern of competition is expected to continue to ease, and firms will continue to benefit from a slower, better pattern and higher concentration of industry, thereby achieving
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect net profits for the company in 2021-2023 to be 89.2 and Ily shares (600887), respectively: profit improvement logic is constantly being realized, broken down to the top of the industry.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Ely shares (600887); profit improvement logic is constantly being realized, with a break-down of swords to the top of the industry.
Monsso Wang Jie Ting flavour and leisure food.
The research assistant gives an overview of the researcher's own views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.