q3 performed well beyond expectations, with a strong configuration value, reiterating that “buying 2 is growing steadily overall, liquid milk is slightly affected by the epidemic, milk powder is increasing, new products are showing good performance, with high-end products from various brands increasing at a higher rate and continuous structural upgrades of liquid milk.
Low-temperature milk has been growing rapidly, and the company has been increasing its low-temperature milk layouts, and it has been rising rapidly. Milk powder has worked well with a positive drive to achieve 40+% growth, a steady increase in the share of mother and child channels, a doubling of cheese and a high increase in new products such as mineral water. 2021q3
The infant powder market accounts for 7.1%, compared to 1.1pc. (The above-mentioned cities account for Nelson retail caliber).
Prices range from -0.4 to 20% (2019 q3 down by 1.81 pct), costs are continuously reduced, and the logic of improving industry patterns continues to be validated. At the same time, due to the increase in white milk, taxes 1 and Ely shares (600887).
The lower rate also boosts profits. Combined with a net interest rate of 9.2% on the q3 return to the mother, +0.48 pt, q2 returns are over-expected, industry increases by 1.36 pt over q3 in 2019, and profits are significantly improved.
Sustained performance. 2021-09-01 q4 projected robust growth, improved profitability sustained, year-round performance assured, medium- and long-term growth, tracking Ili shares (600887).
The path is clear, the M & As are expected to accelerate, moving steadily towards full class first. Looking ahead, 2021q4, we report that at the beginning of the next decade, the expected income is robust, the constant white milk is still high, the product structure is optimized and the milk is optimized.
The cost-end milk price has been reduced, the cost-pressure ring has been reduced, 2021q4 costs have been reduced, and the programme costs have been concentrated, but we are expected to be seasonally volatile,3 and the Ely shares (600887) are tracked.
At the same time, the company’s recent strategic entry into the stock market is measured to net interest rates as reported: good sales, reduced spending, a certain boost, a clear growth path for medium- and long-term corporate income, and a clear demand for higher profit margins.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: in the post-billion era, corporate growth paths are clear, revenue profits are more balanced, follow-up under the first objective of the full product category is expected to be more catalytic, and the current valuation is based on the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) of Dong Wu Securities Inc., which already has a securities investment advisory board