iii odm is stronger, high-performance computing growth is more dynamic, national production is more robust and strong; the company was founded in 2005 after 18 years of exploration and research.
The development of Chinese technology has evolved from the original idh business model, which was designed primarily for R & D, to the current Odm business model, which combines design and production, and the development of a single mobile phone product, which is dominated by smart cell phones, laptops, tablets, smart wears, alot products and servers.
The market research institute counterpointresearch released the 2023 Global Smartphone idh/odm Vendors Market Share Report, which shows that Chinese technology accounts for 27.8% of the market share 82.50/54.96
From 2015 to 2019, Chinese technology began to develop rapidly, relying on accumulated research and development experience in smart hardware such as smartphones, flat-board computers, manufacturing experience and customer statements, and the company’s product lines were gradually enriched and the multi-products odm industry was gradually improved.
So far, the company has developed a multi-product structure based on smartphones, laptops, tablet computers, smart wears, aiot products, and servers, and has developed into a leading international multi-stellar hardware manufacturer. The company will use smartphones as a core depth-empowerment smart hardware product.
2+n+3 ("Smallphones + Laptops" + "Consumptive Electronics" + "Ethnic Data Centre Products + Automobile Electronics + Software") using and leveraging the strong R & D capabilities, manufacturing capabilities, supply chain capabilities, quality control capabilities and cost advantages, size advantages, etc. that companies have accumulated in business areas such as smartphones.
Businesses such as pc, servers, etc. continue to function, and a new growth curve is established: due to the advanced technical development and programme design of the laptop industry, there is a clear, complete division of the industrial chain and a smaller amount of updates. According to the codepoint data, approximately 91% of laptop computers were produced by the odm/ems manufacturer in 2021.
Sun Peak, from the 2015 strategic deployment of laptops market, applications such as smartphones, lightweight technologies, narrow bordering, metering, utility design and metal processes to laptop computers, in the area of laptop operations, to get pens
According to idc's report on the volume of goods in the global laptop assembly industry, q1 global laptop replacements in 2023 are still working in Taiwan with Guangta, Inbao, and Jiabao.
The majority of businesses, Guangta, continued to lead other competitors, held a 29.3 per cent market share in the global laptop replacement market, ranking in the second place in the world in Inbao's delivery, with a city share of about 20.8 per cent, the third highest in the United Kingdom, and a market share in Chinese technology: a global layout with a rich customer base, a platform.
11.3%, followed by Latsaka (10.7%) and BDP (8.2%). The company has developed deep collaborations with a variety of brands, such as conglomerates, macros, growth periods - company speed reports - Chinese technology, Huatsu, Mi, etc., as the company’s fund-raising projects have gradually landed.
On the server side, the company started its strategy in 2017.
The latest Nvl20gpuai service product has been produced in the first quarter and the Nvh20gpu platform product has also been completed with the application and cluster greyscale testing of Internet customers.
Importing, in the second quarter, a lot of goods can be delivered. We believe that multi-businesses such as company pens, servers, etc. will continue and that a new growth curve has been established.
i. For more than ten years, the deep-farming intellectual hardware odm industry was founded in 2005 from idh to odm, China-Shanghai, with its headquarters in China-Shanghai, to specialize in intellectual hardware production.
Platform-type companies for R & D design, manufacturing and operating services are in the smart hardware industry, serving mainly well-known intellectual hardware branders and Internet companies from outside the country. The odm model is the original design manufacturer model, under which the odm manufacturer based on the product profile of the smart hardware brander.
Needs such as meta-tion, specifications and functions, and the development and production of products for brand manufacturers, including product definition, industrial design, structure design, circuit design, software design development, testing and certification, spare parts procurement and operation, large-scale product production, supply chain and logistics management, cover the entire process of product design, development, production, and operation.odm is done according to orders from brand manufacturers.
With R & D design and manufacturing, products are marketed in the end market under a customer’s brand. The Odm model imposes a high demand on product manufacturers to develop well-developed product R & D systems, large-scale manufacturing capacity, efficient supply chain operations, etc., which are typically capital-intensive, technology-intensive and management-intensive industries.
There are three main types of firms in the domestic smart hardware industry that operate on the odm model: 1 typical odm manufacturer: the manufacturer is positioned as an odm manufacturer when it transitions from a design company or when it is established, and the main business is to provide an odm service to home- and home-based smart hardware branders, such as smartphones.
In addition, in Taiwan, traditional laptop odm manufacturers such as Guangda, Inbao, and Yu, Latsu, British and Chinese Chinese technology serve mainly Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Nokia, Motorola, Amazon, Google, Ali and other well-known domestic and foreign brand manufacturers with a long history of development, a better international customer base and greater manufacturing power.
Two powerful ems manufacturers operate simultaneously in the odm business: one with a strong R & D capability in the ems, e.g. Fushcon, Biade, etc., while providing the ems service, it has also recently started to provide the smart hardware product in the odm mode. One with a strong vertical integration capability for key parts in the 3 parts, and one with key parts.
After 18 years of exploration and development, Chinese technology has evolved from the original R & D-based Idh business model to the current Odm business model, which combines R & D design and manufacturing, and the development of a single mobile phone product.
The historical development of multi-symbiotic, hard-to-smart technologies with mobile phones, laptops, tablet computers, smart wears, alot products and servers has been divided into four main stages: 1, mobile idh phase (2005-2009)
At its inception, Huaqin was primarily involved in the functional mobile idh service, covering only the R & D component of the cellular chain, and in the form of a high-intensity pcba board for R & D design programmes and software and hardware. Huaqin provides the customer with a R & D design programme based on the needs of the client or, under the R & D design programme, delivers to the client the pcba produced by the company through the foreign association plant.
2. The mobile phone, flatbed-odm (2010-2014) phase, as the idh industry became more competitive and under pressure for profit, while at the same time responding to core demands such as the rapid roll-out of the entire product and the benefits of the supply chain size, Huaqin began to try to extend the industry chain in which he was involved backwards, gradually from idh.
In 2009, the first manufacturing base in Huaqin became operational, starting with the production of machine products, and initially establishing the manufacturing capacity of companies to fully cover the R & D, manufacturing, and supply chain management of cellular products. This phase is in the process of moving from functional to smartphones, and companies have been forward-looking in positioning smartphones since 2010
The company’s strategic focus is to invest its main resources in smartphone operations. To meet the product diversification needs of its current smartphone clients and maximize the benefits of scale, in 2013 the company expanded from a joint smartphone odm to a flat computer odm business and began to engage in the flatboard odm market: and in 2014
Successful development of Amazon tablet computer odm operations, access to the international front-line branding supply chain, opening up the North American market.3 The multi-grade odm phase (2015-2019) From 2015 to 2019, Chinese technology gradually moved into rapid development, relying on intelligent hardness in smart phones, tablets, etc.
In 2016, the company created its first child smart watch product, began to enter the market, and began to lay out its own products. In 2017, the Chinese technology was based on the server industry.
Good market prospects and favourable opportunities for development have moved into the server area, starting to create an autonomous server team. Server operations have opened up initially and started to generate large-scale revenue in 2019.4 The smart hardware platform phase (2020-present)
Taking into account the trends in the intelligent hardware industry and the capabilities and characteristics of the lavish technology itself, the company has built a smart hardware platform development strategy. Currently, the company has developed a multi-product structure that is dominated by smartphones, laptops, tablets, smart wears, orot products, and servers, and has developed into a leading international multi-product hardware odm manufacturer.
The future company will use smartphones as a core depth-empowerment smart hardware product for all types of goods, making full use of the strong R & D capabilities, manufacturing capabilities, supply chain capabilities, quality control capabilities and cost advantages, rules that the company has accumulated in business areas such as smart hands.
In the traditional field of smart hardware such as smart phones, laptops, tablets, etc., data from the Courtpoint show 2021.
Of the 1.8 billion shipments of the global Smart Hardware package a year, Chinese technology delivered more than 200 million items in 2021, 10% more globally, and ranked first in the global smart hardware odm industry, leading the industry. (ii) Five research and development bases, with over 10,000 research and development teams.
In combination with its business attributes and geographical characteristics, Huaqin has been working on a globally competitive R & D layout and multi-level R & D system, and has established five major R & D centres in Shanghai, Dongjing, Nanchang, Xian, Tin-free, covering all areas of intellectual hardware such as mobile phones, table boards, pen power, smart clothing, data centre products, motor electronics, etc.
Starting operations, the Nanchang R & D Centre became operational in 2020, and the Xian R & D Centre in 2023 began operating.Fig. 4: The company has set up mobile product R & D teams and computing R & D, according to the type of products developed and their applications.
Teams, data business research and development teams, innovation business research and development teams, and automobile electronics research and development teams. In addition, the company has set up a technology centre to conduct research in the field of advanced and innovative technologies and software and evaluation and to share the results of technology research with the company as a whole. To better promote technology exchange and technological progress across sectors, the company has set up a corporate technology management team to integrate corporate technology research and development.
Since its inception, Huaqin has been investing more and more in research and development (R & D) resources. In 2022, Hanqin R & D invested $5.04 billion, an increase of 39.54 per cent over the previous year, and the number of R & D technicians has reached 12.308.
The rates are 90.98 per cent, 89.45 per cent and 89.82 per cent, respectively.
Direct material inputs, mainly raw materials, equipment components, etc. After more than a decade of continuous research and development innovations in the field of smart hardware manufacturing, companies have become autonomous intellectual property rights in many forms, such as hardware, software, structural design, and have built on their research and development capabilities to provide intellectual hardware design and production to global brand manufacturers.
As of 31 January 2023, the company had nearly 2,500 authorized patents, more than 900 patents for inventions and more than 1,300 copyrights for computer software. The company has evolved into an industry-led technology system that has built up a deep technological base for intelligent hardware development, design, software development, and engineering.
A system of products for the manufacture of smart hardware, represented by mobile phones, tablet computers, laptops, smart wears, etc., enables companies to gain the trust of their clients at an excellent level of technology. In the core technical layout, companies revolve around generic technologies, mobile phones, tablets, laptops, smart wears, and so on.
Data products, int systems, intelligent manufacturing, etc., have built a large number of core technologies covering wireless network antenna design, radio frequency technology, circuit system design, structure design, low-power design, global telecommunications operator testing authentication technology, optical systems, sound excellence, heat supply, light structure design, signal interconnection, etc.
In addition, Chinese technology has created x-lab and has further increased its high-level human density, building its innovative capacity in five key technological areas: acoustic, optical, thermal, microwave, battery (new energy) and continuously increasing its product-based technology stock to achieve the Department ' s industrial leadership in cutting-edge technologies.
(iii) Five major production bases, accompanied by global customer demand. Companies have long adhered to the “multi-base manufacturing plus flexible production delivery” model, leading in their own plant-capacitation industries; and to the development of intelligent hardware manufacturing key technologies, with their own plants having industry-led manufacturing capabilities.
The company now has two major manufacturing centres, Nanchang and Dong-jung, and overseas manufacturing bases in India, Indonesia, and Viet Nam, in the form of equity investments. Powerful self-empowerment strongly supports many product lines such as company smartphones, laptops, tablets, smart wears, alot products and services, helping companies to serve high-quality customers in different fields at the same time.
In order to improve production efficiency and product quality, the company has autonomously designed linear automation equipment such as smt clips, agv switchboards, stickers, autoboards, and automatic feeders, creating a deep automated technological reserve and increasing the level of intelligence and automation of its own plants.
According to the Yakuza News Agency report of 17 May 2023, Huaqin is a supplier of Samsung, Oppo and Mi, mainly using factories in Viet Nam and Indonesia to produce orders in North America, while factories in India provide services to local markets, while factories in China provide services to other markets.
According to the first public announcement issued on 06/08/08/2023, the total amount of funds raised in this publication was $585,19.95 million, net of which is $573,068.36 million. The funds raised by the first public development bank will be invested in the following projects, after deducting the cost of distribution:
Among them: the SRI consumer-type electronic-smart terminal manufacturing project will build new manufacturing centres in Dongjung (Pangjong Town), mainly for the production and marketing of smart hardware products such as smart phones and smart wear. First, building an advanced smart manufacturing production environment, optimizing the use of equipment and improving production efficiency and product compliance; and, second, building advanced industrial automation and informationization.
(c) Third, the introduction of advanced manufacturing technologies, such as sophisticated production, through changes in the structure of the system, the organization of people, the way it operates and the supply of and demand for markets, to enable the production system to adapt quickly to changing user needs, streamline production processes and build a national basis for the production of smart manufacturing.
The successful implementation of the project will result in significant improvements in the productivity of smart hardware products such as corporate intelligence, mobile phones, smart clothing, etc., and in the timely delivery of the company’s main product, as well as further upgrading of the company’s market.
At the same time, the project will focus on building an advanced intellectual manufacturing production environment and advanced industrial automation and information systems. It will introduce advanced manufacturing technologies such as sophisticated production. It will help to upgrade core technologies related to smart manufacturing, such as flexible mixing and fast-wiring technologies, and the optimization of linear automation, and enhance the integrated competitiveness of companies and promote their sustainable development.
This project will support the company’s business development of laptops in three ways. First, it will quickly build up a large supply capacity by introducing advanced smart production line equipment and supporting production information systems.
(ii) Improving the quality of products by introducing advanced equipment to optimize production processes. Thirdly, improving production efficiency through the coordinated management of production through smart equipment and information systems. When the project is completed, 21.6 million new laptops will be created. The project will be closely built around the main business and core technology. The successful implementation of the project will effectively expand the production capacity of the company ' s laptop products.
In line with the trend towards rapid growth in the company's laptop business, sufficient capacity is provided for the rapid growth of the company's laptop business; at the same time, the project will help to upgrade the company's flexible mix of lines and speed by introducing advanced smart production line equipment and supporting production information systems, introducing advanced equipment optimization.
(iv) The rapid growth of the company ' s multi-business lines and the high concentration of the top five clients showed a few major trends in telecentre performance from 2018 to 2022:
1. The global smartphone industry has moved from an era of incremental growth to an era of stock competition, with the rise of odm manufacturers with rapid R&D overlaps and sophisticated manufacturing control capabilities in the professional division of industrial chains, and a rapid rise in the odm market space. As head brand manufacturers, such as Samsung, Oppo, vivo, and Mi, have gradually upgraded the odm model,
The company’s mobile odm business is expanding rapidly. Moreover, with its advanced intellectual manufacturing and regulatory capabilities, leading technological overlaps, and migration capabilities, the company has gradually established a leading position by increasing its market share in global smart hardware odm.
2. Rapid growth in product lines, except smart phones, and a decline in smartphone receipts: thanks to years of deep-seated accumulation in the field of laptop odm, companies have succeeded in introducing smart phones with lightening, full screens, metal borders, etc., with mature experience in the field of cellular odm, excellent technology migration, efficient operations, keen business sense, etc.
Over the last few years, the company’s laptop odm business has become another major driver of income growth. On the client side, the company’s client matrix is becoming more sophisticated, covering traditional consumer electronic head brands like Three Stars, Unions, and New Generations.
National production poles such as oppo, vivo, and Internet eco-link companies such as Mi, Amazon, etc., provide a sustained momentum for corporate growth.
The industry characteristics of hardware, downstream customer structures, corporate business models, etc., determine the relatively high concentration of corporate customers. 10,000 yuan and 6,062,159.9 million yuan, together representing 72.21%, 68.51% and 65.43% of the current year’s operating income, respectively, are due to higher concentration in the total market.
The combined market share was 71%, the combined market share of the top five brand manufacturers in the global laptop market was 81% in 2021, and the combined market share of the top five brand manufacturers in the global tablet market was 78% in 2021. The company’s main clients were global well-known smart hardware branders, who held a larger market share in the relevant downstream market, leading to a higher concentration of the company’s customers.
This is consistent with the industry characteristics of the market for smart hardware odm. Smart hardware branders like smart phones, tablets, etc., usually concentrate on one or two of the right odm manufacturers as their main suppliers for the sake of supplier stability and security.
With the commercial supply chain and the brand vendor's accreditation as its main supplier, the revenue it receives from the brand manufacturer will be bursting, with the addition of rice to the top five clients by 2021, mainly due to the shift in the company's smartphone business from an idh model to an odm model, starting in the second half of 2020, with a correspondingly large increase in revenue; and the addition of a Xiaoqin, mainly as a result of a Chinese model.
The demand for laptop odm has increased considerably compared to 2020. The decline in the top five clients before 2021 was due mainly to the fact that the client was affected by the restructuring of the business strategy and reduced demand for smartphone odm and so on; and to the reduction of macroskines, mainly due to the faster growth in the company’s income to Mi and Huatsu, which is the company’s seventh largest customer.
New Chinese mail communications were added to the top five clients by 2022, mainly because of the company ' s introduction of smartphones in Chinese mail since 2021 and its growth in sales in 2022; and the reduction of opo in the top five clients by 2022, mainly because of a downward trend in the demand for smartphones in Oppo, the sixth largest customer in the company in 2022.
During the reporting period, the number of smartphone lines sold under the company ' s idh model was 445,843,000, 18,895 thousand and 0, 000, and the company is now mainly using the odm operating model, which covers the design of smart hardware products, such as smart phones, laptops, tablets, smart wears, aiot products, servers, etc., as well as the design of research and development, procurement, manufacturing, logistics, bulk delivery, etc.
The company has an independent and complete system of R & D, procurement, production and marketing, and operates independently according to its own circumstances, market rules and operating mechanisms.
The whole-office model refers to a company that provides a full set of solutions, from product planning, R & D design to product production delivery, after-sales services, and eventually the company delivers the whole machine to the customer and settles it according to the whole-office price. The R & D design and production manufacturing services provided by the company are mainly included in the whole-office product price.
In addition to costs such as labour and manufacturing costs, the cost component of HALCO also includes a higher proportion of material costs. (2) Whole-of-the-shelf model.
For objective reasons, he does not directly provide the customer with a mechanism-building service, but rather with parts or semi-finished products at the client’s request, and the model whereby the client purchases other parts and components independently and arranges for the production of finished products abroad. Under this model, the client settles with the company on the basis of the bulk of the purchase, and the company’s R & D services, production processing and technical support services are mainly included in the bulk price.
Professional service models Companies that provide complete R & D design, production of manufacturing services and ultimately delivery of complete smart hardware products are the main business models, but some clients only need a single-single professional service, such as R & D design or manufacturing.
The Division’s profit model is to provide a customer with R & D design services, thereby charging a technology development fee or a manufacturing fee for a customer’s professional manufacturing service. Therefore, the company’s own business may also include income from professional services. (v) The cost rate is relatively stable during the period, and the Maori rate is influenced by a variety of factors.
The relatively stable cost rate also led to a degree of volatility in the net profits of the company, with the net interest rate on the company ' s sales from 2018 to 2022, respectively, consisting mainly of raw materials, direct labour, and manufacturing costs, with the highest share of raw materials, the main component of the cost of the company ' s main business. From 2020 to 2022, raw materials accounted for the same proportion of the cost of the company ' s main business.
The main raw materials procured by the company include electronic components, structures, packagings, etc., where the electronic components refer mainly to stickers on the smart hardware pcba, including the primary chip, storage, function ic, pcb, radio frequency devices, capacitors, electrical senses, resistance, etc.; the structural elements refer to materials related to size, structure, appearance, etc., including screens, cameras, machine shells, horns, etc.
Fingerprint recognition module, etc.; packaging material means materials related to the packaging of products, including batteries, chargers, headphones, keyboards, accessories and packages, audio, stickers, microphones, radiant components, packaging, etc.
The rise in prices of raw materials in the consumer electronics sector, partly as a result of supply and demand tensions, and the continued appreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar in 2020 have led to a real exchange rate impact on the supply of the Maori rate space reserved for the development of the previous product price, resulting in a greater supply capacity of electronic components and structural devices as the global electronics industry develops and upgrades electronic technology.
The price of most of the company’s main raw materials is subject to some overall volatility, based on such factors as technological progress and competition in the market. The company’s product variety and customer demand are increasingly diversified, with varying degrees of variation in the market location of different types of goods, customers or items, the budget and the corresponding demand for raw materials, leading to a balance in the value and proportion of annual purchases.
The market for raw materials needed by companies is more competitive, the market price mechanism is open, the main raw materials are (vi) stock structure is stable, the industry background of the core team is senior, and the actual control of the company is Mr. Qiu Wensheng, a Chinese national, with no right of permanent residence outside China.
Qiu Wensheng directly held 5.31% of the company’s shares and controlled 46.73% of the company’s shares through 41.42% of the company’s shares in Shanghai Orlé and Shanghai Hyeon Indirect Control. Qiu Wensheng was born in 1973, Chinese nationality and no right of permanent residence abroad, and 7th Board of the Pu Dongxing District of Shanghai City Association
Member and Vice-President of the New District Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Shanghai City. Graduated in mechanical engineering and obtained a bachelor ' s degree from Qinghua University from September 1990 to July 1995; master ' s degree from Zhejiang University from September 1995 to July 1998 in chemical process mechanics; and from July 1998 to August 2005 in Central Hing Communications as Software Engineer, Minister of Mobile Software and Department of Mobile Phones.
Minister-in-Chief, General Manager of Mobile Phone Product Lines of the Global Mobile Communication System; Director-General, Chairman of the Chinese Agency for Technology, August 2005-November 2020; Chairman-in-Chief and Managing Director of the Corporation, November 2020-present; Deputy Director-General, 1971, of Chinese nationality, with no right of permanent residence abroad. September 1989-1993
Graduated in computer software at the University of Electronics and Technology, Xian, July, and obtained a bachelor ' s degree in computer software from September 1996 to April 1999, with a master ' s degree from the University of Transport, Xian, July 1993 to September 1996, assistant engineer at the Cian Episode (Group), communications engineer and software department from China, April 1999 to January 2006
Minister, Minister of Systems; past Vice-President, China Technology Limited, Senior Vice-President, Deputy Managing Director, Directors, etc., from January 2006 to November 2020, with responsibility for the R & D system, quality system, technology centre, Innovative Products Laboratory, Process & T system, and so on; Director, Deputy Managing Director, company processes and systems svp, from November 2020 to present.
• Zou, Deputy General Manager, born in 1972, with Chinese nationality and no right of permanent residence abroad. From September 1990 to July 1994, he studied the field of communications engineering and obtained a bachelor ' s degree; from September 2013 to July 2015, he studied the business administration and obtained a degree in emba at the Interstate Institute of Business and Industry of Central Europe; and from August 1994 to December 2000, he obtained a degree in telecommunications in China
Assistant Engineer, Engineer, Cheng City Telecommunication Bureau: Market Manager, Market Director, etc., from January 2001 to December 2005 in Central Hing: China Technology Limited Market Director, General Manager, Supply Chain Senior Vice-President, Senior Vice-President, Marketing System, etc., January 2006 to November 2020; Director, Deputy Managing Director, current Company xbg, November 2020 to date
System svp. Zhang Wen Nation: Deputy General Manager, born in 1979, of Chinese nationality, with no right of permanent residence abroad. September 1997-July 2001, Shanghai Technical University, with a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering and automation, September 2001-April 2004
January 2004 to January 2005: software engineer at Shanghai Technical University; January 2005: limited shares in Shanghai Dragon Tech; September 2005 to November 2020: software manager, software and product department for Chinese-class limited technology
Director-General, Vice-President of the Quality System and Procurement System, Senior Vice-President of the Computing Group, etc.; Vice-President of the Company, from November 2020 to the present company, cbg Centre, svp. Wang Xiao-hyun, Deputy General Manager, born in 1976, of Chinese nationality, has no right of permanent residence abroad.
Master ' s degree in computer applications, Nanjing University of Technology, July; master ' s degree in computer applications, Nanjing University of Technology, September 2000-April 2003; mentor at Nanjing University of Technology, Faculty of Computers, July 1999-September 2000; Chief of the Software Section, Nakhing Communications, April 2003-September 2007; October 2007-
Deputy Managing Director of Research and Development for Communications Technology, Shanghai, March 2009; Director General of Software for Communications Technology, Shanghai, April 2009-March 2010; Director General of Chinese Technology Limited Software, Product Manager, Project Manager, Planning Manager, Vice-President of the Operating System, Senior Vice-President of the Operations Centre, March 2010-November 2020.
Manager, current company operations centre, svp. Deputy General Manager, born in 1981 and of Chinese nationality, with no right of permanent residence abroad. Graduated from September 2000 to July 2004 at Beijing Chemical University in the field of electronic information engineering and obtained a bachelor ' s degree: September 2004 to July 2007 in the north.
Kyoto Chemical University has a master ' s degree in computer applications; from July 2007 to October 2010, China National Air Information Network Inc. was a software engineer; from November 2010 to November 2020, Chinese Technology Limited has served as city director and director-general of the Ministry of Industry; and from November 2020 to date, he has been deputy director-general of the company and is currently a company marketing system svp.
Nie Zhigang, Deputy General Manager, born in 1976, Chinese nationality and no right of permanent residence abroad. From September 1994 to July 1998, he studied mechanical manufacturing at the University of Petroleum and obtained a bachelor ' s degree: from September 1998 to April 2001 at Zhejiang University.
From August 2006 to November 2020, he served as Director General of China's Technology Limited Projects, Director of Products, Vice-President of the Quality System, General Manager of the Ministry of Industry, etc.: from November 2020 to present as Deputy General Manager of the Company, currently as svp. Xingpinghua, Head of Finance, born in 1973, of Chinese nationality, with no right of permanent residence abroad, and China's Registered Accountant, Pic.
In the Northeast Forestry University and the Central European Institute of International Business and Industry, respectively, they studied the profession of financial accounting and business administration and obtained a master ' s degree. From April 2000 to April 2002, they served as accountants and directors of financial operations at the Heilongjiang branch of the United States; from November 2002 to November 2020, they served as vice-presidents of the Chinese system of limited technical functions, senior vice-presidents of the Financial and Economic System, and so forth.
He has been a member of the 15th session of the Municipal Association of Nanchang and of the 13th Political Consultative Conference of Jiangxi Province. He studied business and industry from September 2001 to July 2005 at Northwestern University.
Management profession, with bachelor ' s degree; July 2005 to July 2008 in Shenzhen City, Tianxin Communications Development Ltd., as city director of the field; October 2008 to November 2020, Director General of the Department of Markets, Senior Director of the Department of Business Planning, Vice-President of Marketing, etc.: Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, current company vp.
II. Platform development continues, and the odm's champions continue to grow (i) into the ai cellular age, and the new growth dynamic will begin, according to the global smartphone delivery forecast report released by the counterpointresearch in q4 in 2023, 2023
North America (nam) and Europe are expected to return to growth in the fourth quarter of the year, becoming a new engine of growth in the smartphone market. With the end of stock-taking, the bottom stock was relatively healthy in 2023, and smartphones are expected to grow by 3% in 2024.
Emerging markets will be recovering, supported by increased consumer confidence and improved macroeconomic conditions. According to preliminary data from the Global Mobile Quarterly Tracking Report, released by International Data Corporation (idc) in January 2024, global smartphone exports fell by 3.2 per cent in 2023 to 1.17 billion, the lowest in a decade.
Mostly affected by macroeconomic challenges and an increase in stocks at the beginning of the year. But growth in the second half of the year consolidated expectations for recovery in 2024. Figure 26: Global smartphone exit statistics top5companies, worldwidesmartphoneships, marketshare, andyear-over-yeargroveth, record2023 (preliminaryresources, shipments)
At present, major brand manufacturers of smartphones around the world include Samsung, Apple, Hua-yung, Oppo, Mi, vivo, Voice, Association and Hmd (Nokia), as China ' s smartphone market evolves and matures, with China ' s Chinese smartphone market being Chinese, Chinese, Opo, Mi, etc.
Chinese smart hardware brands, such as vivos, have become a major engine of growth in the global smartphone market. 2 and ai mobile phones will arrive, hopefully leading to a new rotational wave of (1)ai mobile phone definition.
According to a report issued by the idc Advisory Body, it defines ai cell phone in two categories, including a hardware-enabling cell phone and a new generation of aai mobile phone. A hardware-enabling cell phone refers to a smartphone that uses an accelerator or a specialized processor other than the main application processor, and that operates on the side of the operation at a lower capacity.
Up to 30 tops, end-ai examples include nlp (natural language processing) and computational photography, which Idc has defined on the market as "new generation of aai cell phone" means using a taped system (soc) that can run side-generated artificial intelligence (genai) models faster and more efficiently, and the neuro-processing unit used by soc is equipped with 30 tera (tops) per second or more.
Performance and use of the int-8 data type. These new devices are generating a lot of interest among consumers and raw equipment manufacturers, making the ai the focus of the recent flagship launch. On 20 February 2024, oppo organized an ai strategy launch in Shenzhen, which was launched by the oppo1+n smart body ecological battle.
In addition, oppo co-published the industry’s first White Paper on ai cellular phone with idc. Oppo’s Chief Product Officer, Liu Sung-ho, stated that “ai mobile phone will be the third major phase of change in the mobile phone industry after a functional machine, a smart machine.” In the White Paper on ai cellular phone, oppo defined four main features of aai mobile phone: ai mobile phone must first be used efficiently.
Compute resources to meet the computational needs of the generation of ai in the 'i ' era; ai mobile phone needs to be sensitive to the real world and to the complex information about households and the environment; aai mobile phone needs to have a strong self-learning capacity; and aai mobile phone will also have a stronger creative capacity to provide continuous inspiration and knowledge support to users.
♪ ♪ Who's got a full store of innovations and eco-reconstructs ♪ ♪ Creativity, intelligence ♪
Multimodel interactions, proto-service ecology, natural semantic intuition.
Self-learning ability, built-in proprietary intelligence, smart ecology.
A service with self-learning and evolution, real world perception, big model ecology.
A simulator of language and visual models to the real world, arithmetic ecology, arithmetic efficiency.
High bandwidth and near-storage calculations, memory calculations (2) cellular chip platforms are running on October 25, 2023.
A powerful product that is able to perform, top-level performance and energy-efficiently. The thong 8gen3 processor is based on a qualcommkryo 64-bit structure, using the 4nm process. In terms of specifications, a main processor core based on armcorpex-x4 technology can be up to 3.3 ghz; five up to 3.2 ghz performance cores; and two up to 2.3 ghz efficiency cores.
Dragon 8gen3 was able to make a big breakthrough in the arithmetic this time, without the newly designed Hexagonnpu. In terms of the hardware parameters published by the Hightower, the ani engine of Dragon 8gen3 has reached a total capacity of 73 tops per second, almost one-fold higher than the previous generation, with 98 per cent accurate data and 40 per cent higher energy efficiency.
Thanks to the powerful prolific power of the ai, Kirun 8gen3 can run a model of 10 billion parameters on the terminal side, producing up to 20 tokens per second in large-scale 7 billion factor language models that support multi-module models that include Microsoft, Openai, Meta, Andre, Pedra, Idea, Bloom, Stability.ai, Begawa Smart, Tao, etc.
On November 6, 2023, at the launch of the new launch of the UNDG flagship chip, UNDG officially launched the new generation of the flagship mobile platform, Platform 9300, which is also the world's first all-embracing smartphone chip. According to UNDG, Tianjing 9,300 is a “flagship 5g-generated ii mobile chip” which is the first all-nuclear “4 (super-nuclear)+4 (large nuclear)” flagship chip.
With a new generation of 4nm, with 22.7 billion transistor tubes, apu790 was designed for the generation of the ai with a high-speed and safe edge ari at 9300 amidek, designed for the production of the ai and built-in hardware-grade generation aai engines, allowing for higher speed and safe margin ai calculation with a depth fit.
Transformer models are calculated to accelerate the pace of processing eight times the speed of the previous generation and generate pictures within one second. Based on the large-volume model properties of the billion-level parameters, metiatek has developed a mix of precision int4 quantification techniques that combine memory unique to metiatek. The hardware compression technique neuropilotcompression allows for a more efficient use of the internal bandwidth and a significant reduction of the ai model pairs.
The end memory occupancy, which supports the terminal ' s operation of a larger-ai language model of 1 billion, 7 billion, 13 billion and up to 33 billion parameters. Apu790 also supports the generation of the "skill extension" technology at the end of the ii model, which allows low-self-adaptation (lora, low-rankadaptation) to be integrated at the end on a continuous basis based on a large base model.
The development platform neuropilot for mediatek builds rich ai ecology, supports front-line mainstream al models such as the android, metallama2, educative models, and the Beichuan Intelligent Bichuan Model, and complete tool chain developers deploy multi-model generation ai applications quickly and efficiently at the end, providing text and graphics to users.
Innovative experience of end-side generation, like music.
In 2024, mwc, the World Conference on Mobile Communications, domestic and international mobile phone manufacturers such as Glory, Mi, Opo and Samsung displayed a new feature of the mobile phone that was primarily focused on the ai function: Glory Magic6 was equipped with a self-researched "Magic Model of Magic" and Mixiaomi14ultra was equipped with a series of xiaomiisp, known as the First Ai Model Computing Photography Platform.
Developing a 7 billion parameter model, the Andean Big Model, with the three-star Galaxys 24 series primarily pushing the ai function. idc projects a recovery trend in the mobile phone market in 2024, with 1.2 billion smartphones coming out globally, an increase of 2.8 per cent compared to the 2.8 per cent increase; ai has generated interest in new experiences with handheld equipment, with 170 million mobile phones coming out in 2024, about the entire population.
15% of the smartphone market: by 2026, nearly 50% of the terminal equipment processors in the Chinese market will have been introduced into the ai technology. Figure 33: smartphone projections.
In a critical year, preliminary data predicts that the volume of shipments will reach over 100 million by 2024. By 2027, it is expected to reach 522 million items, accounting for 40 per cent of the market share, and the combined annual growth rate of deliveries is figure 34: the projected volume of shipments from the generation of ai smartphones.
The market share of the odm continues to be concentrated on the head, according to counterpoint data, in 2023, independent design firms/original design manufacturers (idh/odm) had the same amount of air traffic, although overall smartphones had dropped by 4 per cent. Their contribution to the overall volume of shipments had been impressive.
In 2023, three of the world ' s top smartphones were: Huaqin, Dragon Flag, Steam, with a city share of 27.9 per cent, 27.3 per cent, 20.6 per cent, and three companies contributed more than three quarters of the total volume of idh/odm delivered in 2023.Counterpoint data show that more than 95 per cent of the foreign market currently consists of eight first- and second-tier odm plants.
In 2023, China ranked first, mainly because of the stability of the top three Oem producers in its product mix. The second highest flag was awarded a good order from the vivo, glory, and association group. The third highest ranking, Thailand, was given a 7% annual growth in design victory with rice, three stars, and glory.
Among second-tier odm manufacturers, Tinno's output fell by 11%, but still kept its ranking; thanks to sound orders, Mobwire grew by 30% a year, and the new odm view technology (innovatech) was similar. Chinaino-e experienced a double-digit decline after losing orders from other Chinese brands.
Cooseagroup is a rising new star, with orders almost doubling every year. Counterpoint expects that global smartphone idh/odm will grow by 4% by the same year in 2024, slightly higher than the overall expected growth in the smarthand market, where the first-level odm manufacturer hopes to win a design victory.
Figure 35: Global smartphone odm ranking globalsmartphoneodm/idhvendors'shipshare, 2023, (ii) relative maturity in the pen electricity industry, aipc& increased share
1. The industrial chain in the pen and electric sector is relatively mature, with a higher share of odm due to the more mature technological development and programme design of the laptop industry, a clear and complete division of the industrial chain, and a smaller scale of updates. According to Counterpoint, about 91% of laptop computers were produced by the odm/ems manufacturer in 2021.
According to the latest data from gartner, in the fourth quarter of 2023 there were 63.3 million global pc shipments, an increase of 0.3 per cent over the fourth quarter of 2022. This marked the first increase in the volume of quarterly shipments after eight consecutive quarters. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the ranking of the top six suppliers remained unchanged.
Long, while Dale and Huatsu's sales fell. Figure 37: 2023: q4 q4 top six major pc suppliers ranked besedonapreminarystudy.finestimateswillbejectprojecttochange. The statesarebasedonshipssellinginto
According to idc's latest report, the global market for traditional personal computers, after two years of decline, took place in the first quarter of 2024.
Growth recovered. Global pc exports reached 59.8 million during the quarter, an increase of 1.5 per cent over the same period. Together, 13.7 million shipments rose again to the top of the list, by 7.8 per cent over the same period, and the market share also rose to 23.0 per cent, followed by Hewlett-Packard, with 12 million shipments, an increase of 0.2 per cent over the same period, compared with 20.1 per cent.
Dale's output was 9.3 million, a 2.2 per cent decline in the same year, a 15.5 per cent market share, apples 4.8 million, an increase of 14.6 per cent, and a 8.1 per cent market share. idc argues that one of the reasons for the resumption of growth was the low starting point, with the global pc market falling by 28.7 per cent in the first quarter of 2023.
In addition, global PC traffic has finally returned to pre-epidemiological levels, with the first quarter of 2024 almost equal to 60.5 million in the first quarter of 2019. Most regions have started to recover, thus driving growth in the Americas and Europe, the Middle East, and Africa.
It's still weak, but with the gradual landing of aipc this year and the renewed demand from commercial buyers, it is estimated that 2024 will also be the year 2024.
2. On the rise of continental odm manufacturers, companies are expected to gain a larger share, driven by brand demand, by the accelerated deployment in South-East Asia of odm main producers, represented by Inbao, Guangta, and Latitude. According to the congenial consulting projections, Viet Nam is expected to account for 15-20% of production capacity in 2024.
Figure 40: Per cent of global pc capacity by region in 2024 y24proportionofproductioncapabilitybyregion%
According to the recently released study on the volume of the global laptop computer assembly (worldviewquarterlynotebookpcodtracker), published by the idc Global Professional and Industry Research Team, market research institutions show that the global laptop replacement market is 29.3 per cent well ahead of other competitors throughout the quarter, according to the performance of individual manufacturers.
Market share: In Po is ranked second in the world with a city share of about 20.8 per cent; Soyuz ranks third with a market share of 11.3 per cent; followed by Latitude (10.7 per cent) and Industry (8.2 per cent).
In the 1980’s, China’s Taiwan region’s laptop odm developed a partnership with HP, Dale, and ibm’s international leading notebooks. In recent years, with the traditional Taiwan odm company, represented by Inbao, Guangta, China’s traditional Taiwan odm,
With the gradual transfer of its production base, China’s mainland region has now gradually established a complete laptop supply chain. Moreover, smartphone odm manufacturers have accumulated considerable experience in designing and producing smaller and highly integrated mobile phone products. In the light of the trend towards thinning of laptops, smartphone odm manufacturers are more advantaged in product design.
For these reasons, new and emerging odm companies, represented by Chinese technology, are becoming important competitors in the field of laptop odm.
After many years of development, the company’s laptop business was rapidly released from 2018 to 2020, and the company successfully moved to the laptop field with the accumulation and capabilities of cellular odm technology, such as thinning, narrow bordering, and gained the recognition of the laptop’s head brand. In 2019, the company’s main clients of the laptop business were able to make significant payments.
The income of three clients increased by 2,999 million yuan over 2018, an increase of 327.20 per cent, which was the main reason for the significant increase in the company ' s income from laptop sales in that year: in 2020, the company, in addition to further growth in the income of its three major clients, was able to generate additional contributions from customers such as Mi, Dynabook, Hewlett-Packard and Sam-Sung to the company ' s income.
The company ' s revenue to its three major clients, Macro, Conscientious and Huatsu, increased by $5.840 billion in 2020 compared to 2019, bringing the rate of laptop growth to 194.48% in that year.
Not 2%, 5%, and the seventh and sixth world laptop markets in 2021 ranked the top 5 Odm/em producers in terms of volume of goods, respectively, with a combined market share of about 83% and a market share of about 5% in terms of their own sales.
Cooperation has further deepened with smartphone manufacturers such as Mi, in the field of laptops, and Chinese technology market ownership is expected to enter the buy-and-sell model: the company buys and pays its customers on the basis of the formalization that Chinese technology buys and pays part of the spare parts and sells the finished product to the customer after production is completed, and the whole company is included in the sale price of the machine at Buy-sell.
The price of raw materials for model purchases leads to a combination of customers and suppliers among the issuers. The model is more extensive in the electronics manufacturing industry, especially the laptop odm industry, and is a widely used transaction by large international smart hardware branders.
With regard to customers, we believe that there is room for further improvement in the share of the company's pen power supply in the customer's share:
The company has been working with the association since 2008 and is currently one of the major suppliers of the odm industry, such as smartphones, laptops, tablets.
The company has been working with the company since 2015 and is currently one of the major suppliers of odm operations, such as macro laptops. According to the counterpoint data, the company accounted for about 12% of odm purchases in 2020, which is wide.
In cooperation with the company, it has received high recognition and trust from its clients, forming a stable and good partnership. Since 2014, the company has been working with Hua Seok, and is now the owner of the odm business, such as Haku's laptop and smartphone.
In 2020, the company accounted for about 5% of the Chinese laptop odm purchases, and the sum of the Chinese laptops odm purchases were about 90%. During the course of its work with Hua Xiu, the company received high recognition and trust from its clients, forming a stable and good cooperative relationship.
The company has been working with Mi since 2016 and is currently one of the major suppliers of odm operations, such as Mi smartphones, laptops, etc. For laptops, according to counterpoint data, the company accounted for about 26% of odm purchases in 2020, and the combined share of & & & & & & & Quest purchases in 2020 was about 26%.
(iii) In the era of i, the rapid growth of server operations,1 and the rapid growth of large models, agi will be at a time when, in 1956, the Dartmouth Conference, the term “an artificial intelligence” was introduced, marking an independent study of i
The birth of the field, the conference, established the goal of the ai, to create a machine whose intelligent behavior is comparable to that of human intelligence. In 2012, the alexnet neural network model, designed by Hinton and his student alexkrizhevsky, won a great victory in the imagenet contest, the first time in history that a model had performed so well in the imagenet dataset and detonated the neural network.
Chatgenerativepre-training model (chatgenerativepre-trainedtransformer), a robotic AI chat program developed by Openai, was launched in November 2022, with hundreds of millions of users two months after being online.chatgpt is a large language model based on gpt (generativepre-trainedtransformer) and is a by-product
An AI driver and a natural language processing tool.chatgpt is an important technological breakthrough in the natural language processing field (nlp, naturallangageprocessing) showing excellent performance in a variety of tasks.
, using the paradigm of pre-training and fine-tuning.chatgpt's main structure follows the basic paradigm of “basic language plus pre-training + fine-tuning”
In the study of pre-training models, early attention was given to the impact of model parameters on model performance. On 23 January 2020, Oenai published a paper entitled scalinglawsforneurallangagemodels, which studied empirical scales based on the performance of the language models lost by cross-alkane, and found that the use of samples by large models was significantly more efficient and therefore more efficient.
The best way to train supermodels on medium-sized data sets is to train them and stop them well before they are significantly recovered. Figure 49: The "surreal" capacity of large models, when expanding large-scale language models, occasionally comes up with new capabilities that smaller models do not have, something similar to "inventive"
Properties are called " flash " capabilities. The gpt-3 paper shows that the ability of language models to perform multidigital additions has a flat zoom curve for models ranging from 100 m to 13b, which appears to be random, but which can cause performance to rise at one node. Since the release of figure 50:gpt-1, there has been a sharp increase in llm-related arxiv papers.
In 2018, OPENAL published a paper, " Improving the development of a pre-training model " , which uses a common pre-training model to enhance linguistic comprehension. In the paper, gpt ' s experiments demonstrated that the precision and generalisation of the model would increase with the number of decoder layers and that there was currently room for upgrading.
The model has the capability of zero-shot and is growing as pre-training takes place. In February 2019, the Openai official ' s gpt-2 model released a 124 million-parameter version of the gpt-2 pre-training results, as mentioned in its published paper, LaGuagemodelsareunsuppervised multitasklearners, when the model looks like a model.
When the amount is very large and the amount of data is abundant, other supervised learning tasks can be accomplished by learning from language models alone. Large models are essentially the product of great arithmetic, strong algorithms, big data co-activities, and the need for arithmetic is even greater as the model moves to a multi-moderated state. According to media reports, gpt-4 contains a total of 1.8 trillion square metres in 120 floors.
In essence, the need for a large model for arithmetic exists in two dimensions: the first is the value of a large model for continuous upgrading.
Rapid growth; second, the demand for arithmetic is greater in the face of the commercialization of large models.2 Arithmetic demand surges, i-server climates are long, idc data show that the global server market grew by 20.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis to $123.224 billion in 2022.
By 2027, the size of the market would be $18.939 billion. Overall, while non-x86 servers have maintained a sustained high rate of growth over the next few years, x86 servers remain the mainstream of the overall server market. In 2021, the Chinese server market reached 4.12 million, an increase of 9.6 per cent over the same period; and the vendor generated 26.45 billion.
United States dollars, 15.4 per cent increase in the same year, and in 2021, by processor type, revenue from x86 server vendors amounted to $25.460 billion, or 15.2 per cent increase in the same year; income from rsc/epic server manufacturers amounted to $250 million, or 36.5 per cent decrease in the same year; income from cic server vendors amounted to $160 million, or 31.7 per cent increase in the same year: revenue from arm server vendor amounted to $570 million, or increase in the same year
The Chinese server x86 is dominated by two-way servers, with a total of 80 per cent of the total number of two-way servers from 2016 to 2020; the second is one-way and four-way servers, which together account for between 10 and 20 per cent; and the second is a smaller number of servers over eight, which, according to Trendforce projections, estimated global full-time shipments in 2024 at approximately 13,654,000, an annual increase of about 2.05 per cent.
At the same time, the market continues to focus on the deployment of ai servers, which account for about 12.1 per cent of deliveries, with $34.660 billion a year. Of this amount, the market size of the generator ai is expected to grow from $820 million in 2022 to $10.99 billion in 2026, with a compound growth rate of 91 per cent.
“In these two years, the big model brought about a 750-fold increase in the demand for arithmetic, while the supply (growth) of hardware was only three-fold.” In a further widening of that gap, Zhang Dyjun predicted that by 2030, it would increase 500-fold as compared to 2020.
In the area of servers, the company's strategic layout of the odm market, which began in 2017, after several years of subliminal research and development and technology, has created a strong R & D capability and production manufacturing level in the area of server odm. In 2020, the company server was able to produce a large amount of energy.
Over the same period of year, 565.34 per cent of the top Chinese Internet clients were successfully imported. Corporate server odm operations provided common servers for server brand manufacturers, custom servers for cloud computing system integrators, and were actively participating in the data centre construction of large Internet companies, initially creating full cloud cover and edges
A series of product layouts for end and end scenes, opening up the server odm market. HALTENT data operations focus on data centre and enterprise-it infrastructure product development and production, product-covering generic services, network switches, isomer servers, edge servers, etc., full-scale products with one-stop delivery capacity ranging from l3 to l11
There are various modes of cooperation with self-research products +odm/jdm. The top-to-end services are highly recognized by head cloud computing, the Internet, and industry-to-end clients with a full-store combination of product lines, excellent quality slogans, capacity for scale delivery.
In September, the company successfully launched a new generation of data centre product and service platform launches with a heavy weight of smart computing products, under the theme of the Mountain Sea Plan.
The series, the universal computing product — the serial series, and the Qinghai Lake service platform, v1.0. According to the article "The Chinese technology pioneered the release of the Nvidial 20gpu series of ai servers " , released on 23st of January, 2024, the demand for ani has grown explosively and the need for smart computing has increased dramatically and needs to be strengthened.
Larger and more efficient computing resources and algorithms. The Chinese-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology-Technology.
Huaqingh8230, a powerful and flexible gpu cloud server, supports eight double-wide gpu cards based on the Intel 4th generation, 5th generation to the Powerable Extension Processor platform, provides a variety of flexible hardware configurations such as straight-line, switch, supports a wide range of cpu-gpu and gpu-gpu interconnections, and supports the design of pcie tags before and after providing a rich pcie extension capability.
In addition to excellent performance, h8230 places special emphasis on user experience. The i/o compatible design can be applied to all types of data centre rooms, and the cold-channel feeder design improves the ease and comfort of the air room and reduces the maintenance costs.
In addition, H8230, which supports the autonomous development of internal and external transport tools that can efficiently configure and collect all beos/bmc, etc., and streamline deployment processes and improve transport efficiency. According to the company ' s Investor Activity Record, dated 21 March 2024, corporate-ai server operations are growing rapidly and growing.
Rapidly, the latest Nvl20gpuai server product has been produced in the current quarter, and the Nvh20gpu platform product is also being imported in the process of completing the matchmaking and clustering greyscale testing of Internet clients, which can result in bulk delivery in the second quarter. It is expected that high performance computing data product operations will continue to grow at a high rate this year, and that the company ' s research and development team will follow up and validate the latest platform according to client needs.
The gpu product is imported into the customer, continuously enhancing the application of the training and reasoning side of the Internet vendor data centre cluster and increasing the city’s field occupancy rate. The company has now developed a combination of general servers, artificial intelligence servers, digital switch products, storage servers, and head-to-heads by deepening its partnerships with clients, improving its efficiency and closeness.
As a follow-up to this development, the company believes that, based on the overall growth trend in the i market, the i server will be expected to reach a larger market space. At the same time, the company will focus on the size of the traditional server market, leading by the size of the global smart hardware platform, industry odm.
The advantages of a large-scale, all-storey product mix of services, by taking advantage of the size and product pre-positioning advantages of the headcsp market, could provide wider coverage of the industry channel market and further increase its size and market share.
1. The company ' s high performance computing business includes personal computer business, flat-plate computer business and data product business, which is expected to be broken down by plate 2, corporate smart terminal business includes smart cellular business and smart wear business, taking into account the space for a fast-growing, one-way, downstream market for data products, and an increased share of PC business company, taking into account the global presence of the company
In the future, it will benefit mainly from an increase in the share of the odm, an increase in the share of the company, and an increase in the size of the market for smart apparel.
Newly emerging hardware products, such as pda, face recognition of new retail terminals, are expected to be delivered to a number of well-known terminals. We are expected to select consumer electronics companies that are already listed in the country as comparable companies. They have a neutral message with a sophisticated combination of zero components, modules and systems assembly: Gore shares are mainly in sophisticated zero components such as acoustics, sensors, photovoltaics, 3d envelopes, and virtual/enhanced modules.
Development, manufacture and brand marketing of smart hardware such as reality, smart wear, smart audio, robotics, and the main business package of Thai technology, including semiconductor idm, optical module, communications product integration into three major business plates: Wave Information is China's leading cloud computing, big data, service providers, covering such industrial groups as cloud data centres, cloud services big data, smart cities, smart businesses, etc., for many countries around the world.
Homes and regions provide an item of products and services that meet the full range of government and business information needs. The current technology of fluency is lower than that of business. Given corporate industry leadership and the high profile of downstream operations, such as data centres, we have a low demand in 2024 and downstream: companies are predominantly consumer electronic downstream, and demand is depressed due to macroeconomic downturns.
(a) Increased competition among partners: company-owned business products may face the risk of falling market shares and Maori rates due to increased competition from other domestic producers;
Risks of future growth of companies.