China ' s Nuclear Power (601985) Utilities
Recommended logic: 1) Relying on the China Nuclear Group, the Group's full industrial chain advantage supports the company's business development in all its aspects; 2) firm price increases in company nuclear power holdings, with a projected capacity of 26.1gw in 2025 and a marketized ratio of electricity to 37.1 per cent, with multiple barriers to technology, finance and license plates; 3) new energy sources for the company X
Four-five planned high-speed growth, with 42% of cagr at the top of the industry, strong resource access, and only 3.2% of the financing cost, fully supporting the expansion of new energy projects. Back-to-back with the China Nuclear Group, nuclear power plus wind is driven by two wheels.
China’s Nuclear Industries Group, a major shareholder, is the only company in the country with a complete nuclear technology and industrial system that can support the company’s business in all its aspects. The company has launched a dual-brand chapter on nuclear power, which is still dominated by nuclear power, but which is growing rapidly. From 2016 to 2021, the company’s revenues rose from $30 billion to $62.4 billion.
● A steady increase in the price of nuclear power and a high barrier between license plates and technology. The company’s nuclear power plant was put into operation steadily, and by the end of 2021, the capacity of the nuclear power plant was 22.5gw, which was expected to reach 26.1gw in 2025, with a steady increase in the volume of electricity generated. The average number of hours used by the unit was increased rapidly to 7871 hours, with full performance indicators.
The world is ahead of the ball, with an average capacity factor of 94% in 2020. It also benefits from the market for coal power, which boosts the price of nuclear power. The market share of corporate nuclear power is also increasing further, with a rapid increase from 9.0% to 37.1% from 2016 to 2020.
Increased investment in research and development to promote the construction of small piles of "Linglong One" has been highlighted by the strategic layout. The nuclear power industry has multiple barriers, such as technology, finance, and photo-taking, with companies accounting for about 43% of the market share.
3.6gw, higher than expected rate of increase. According to the 1455 plan, the capacity of the company's wind project is expected to reach 30gw, cagr, 42% by the end of 2025, with cross-cutting growth in wind and light operations. Depending on the group's full-industry chain advantage, take into account the firm's steady increase in the price of nuclear power and the rapid expansion of new energy operations, giving the company nuclear power and new energy, respectively.
China’s nuclear power company, China’s nuclear power company, Inc., is dating back to the beginning.
In 1982, the Qinshan nuclear power plant began construction of the first nuclear power plant on our continent in 1985, leading to a “zero breakthrough” in nuclear power on our continent; in 2008, China Nuclear Power Company Limited was established; after the reform of the stock system in 2011, it was renamed China Nuclear Power Company Limited, which, after four decades of hard work, has entered the ranks of the world's leading nuclear power companies.
The company is under the effective control of the State Finance Committee of the State Council, the first shareholder of which is the China Nuclear Industry Group, which holds 63.9% of the company’s shares in the company, and the Chinese Nuclear Group, which is the only company in the country with a complete nuclear fuel cycle industry, under which China and the North are qualified and capable of processing nuclear fuel assemblies, and which is currently monopolized by the Chinese Nuclear Group.
Natural uranium purchases are carried over by brother companies, China Uranium Industries: nuclear fuel cycle equipment, etc., is supplied by brother companies, China Atomic Energy Company, for engineering work: technology design, etc., is contracted by China Nuclear Power Engineering Corporation. China Nuclear Industries Group Limited, Inc., has a complete nuclear, technological and industrial system, and is a firm back-up for the company, enabling it to consolidate its resources and promote co-development of the nuclear power industry in all its aspects.
The company’s management has worked deep in the field of nuclear power for many years and has had a great deal of experience. The company’s chairman, Mr. Liu Jing, has been working in the Nuclear Industry II, Jiangsu Nuclear Power Co. Ltd., China Nuclear Group Co., China Nuclear Power Co. Ltd., and China Nuclear Power Co. Ltd., and has extensive management experience and deep industrial insight and technological reserves.
Mr. Yong and Mr. Luo Xiaowei have also worked in the field of nuclear power for many years, with extensive industrial experience. 1.2 Nuclear wind power is driven by two wheels, and dynamic energy is developed by two wheels. “Nuclear power plus wind” opens up two major chapters. The company now operates clean nuclear power, wind, solar energy, etc.
In the context of the country's strong push for a two-carbon strategy, future power growth will be dominated by new energy and nuclear power, and companies will have a wide scope for development. With the acquisition of energy transfer energy in 2020, the company became the only new energy market platform for the group, accelerating the development of the company's “nuclear + new energy” industry.
In late 2021, the company owned a controlled nuclear power plant capacity of 22.5gw, or about 72 per cent; the new energy transport unit capacity of 8.8gw, or a total of 28 per cent, of which wind power and photovoltaic power accounted for 2.6gw/6.2gw, or 8.3 per cent/19.7 per cent, respectively, while the company ' s power generation remained dominated by nuclear power, with nuclear power generating capacity of 173.1 billion kWh, or 95 per cent: photovoltaic power generation, or 95 per cent.
With 4.97 billion kilowatt-hours, wind power generated 4.55 billion kilowatt-hours, but wind light increased much faster than nuclear power. The increase in net profits from company collections and homecoming in 2021 was mainly due to the arrival of new nuclear power units, Fukugi 5 and Tian Wan 6, and the acquisition of nuclear transfer energy has led to a rapid increase in new energy loaders.
The increase in operating costs and management costs associated with this expansion is slightly higher than revenue, in addition to the increased investment in research and development. Overall, the performance of the Department as a whole has grown steadily, and the position of the Group’s only new energy listing platform has opened up a wide range of growth space and generated strong dynamic energy.
Corporate profitability has improved and liabilities have improved. Since the three nuclear power plants began production in 2019, the scale effect has been marked by an increase in the company ' s Māori sales rate and net interest rate, from 41.9 per cent to 44.8 per cent for 2019-2021q3, and a decline of 9.9 per cent over the same period, mainly due to lower equity multipliers.
The rate fell from 15.5 per cent to 11.1 per cent, resulting in higher profitability. In the long run, companies gave high priority to the development of the clean energy industry, firmly seized the opportunity period for new energy scale development, and, with the rapid growth of new energy operations, corporate performance will lead to a new round of steady increases in the price of nuclear power, and the building of high barriers to licensing & technology.
The 2011 nuclear spill in Japan caused widespread concern about nuclear safety, and the delay in the launch of the first project, ap1000, has led to a few zero audits of nuclear power in the country. No new projects have been approved.
The year 2020 saw a decline in the rate of increase in the capacity of nuclear power plants to a minimum of 2.3 per cent in six years, with the success of the new global grid of ap1000 in 2018, followed by a three-year review of the nuclear power project, which is expected to be regularized and normalized; and a 9.5 per cent increase in the same rate of installation in 2021, combined with projections by the China Nuclear Energy Industry Association and related agencies that nuclear power capacity is expected to continue to grow steadily, reaching 2025.
According to Global Nuclear Power Development Data 2019, the share of nuclear power in electricity generation is generally higher in other countries than China, with the highest France at 70.6%, compared to just 4.9% in our country, which has a huge development space. In 2021, our nuclear power generation was in the Bida era, and the long-term growth space for the company’s nuclear power was guaranteed.
In late 2021, the company owned 24 nuclear units with a installed capacity of 22.5gw; by the end of April 2022, the company had six ongoing projects with a installed capacity of approximately 6.4gw. In 2018, the company began production at 33.1% speed compared to the previous year.
The company’s nuclear power units are located from the top down in our coastal cities of Liaoning, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Fujian, Hainan and other sites, including Central Liaoning, Jiangsu, Fujian and Hainan.
At the end of the year, the company will have a holding stock of 27 nuclear power units with a capacity of about 26.1gw. In addition, the company owns the country’s richest unit, which successfully joined the network in January 2021 and became the world’s first one: Fukuon 6 in 2022.
In January, the network successfully became the third “Wallon One” crew in the world. Hundreds of kilowatt-hours, 16.7% more than in the same period last year; in 2021, the crew used an average of 7871 hours, 250 hours more than in the same year.
This is mainly due to the overall increase in the load levels of three nuclear power plants, Fu Qing nuclear power, Hainan nuclear power, and the good performance of the nuclear power plant, which is a global leader. The company attaches great importance to the safety level of the nuclear power plant, conducts a nuclear safety culture on a regular basis, focuses on the management of safety quality, optimizes the management of major repairs, continues to break through security performance, and improves the safe and stable operation of the unit.
The average capacity factor for nuclear power has been growing steadily since 2017, reaching 94% in 2020, the highest level of water level ever recorded. Companies are operating safely, have experience in operating, and are leading the country in terms of performance indicators, leading the world’s leading nuclear power department.
Nuclear power, with the advantages of clean and stable energy, can replace fire power as a base charge of clean energy. Compared to other energy sources, electricity can provide a peak value for new energy sources, such as windlight, but the cost of fire power is vulnerable to coal prices and has a strong cyclical character, which, while important in the short term for promoting energy structural transformation, is contrary to the original purpose of constructing a clean energy system in the long term;
As a clean energy source, power generation is a priority and can be used to raise the capacity of peaks, but it is difficult, given the size of the resources, to cover a large area of new energy sources throughout the country; pure wind energy is not stable enough, etc. Nuclear power, by virtue of its advantages of efficient environmental protection and clean and stable energy, can replace fire power as a base charge for building a clean energy system. Companies can seize the opportunities for new energy scale development.
The development of clean energy sources and the creation of a stable energy charge, represented by nuclear power, with intermittent, decentralized renewable energy complementarities open up to 2.2 power-price escalation, with higher levels of marketability. Energy structures continue to be optimized and demand and demand for electricity is tight. Under the two-carbon strategy, the pace of energy transformation has accelerated, with non-fosssil fossils in recent years.
The share of energy continues to rise, with about 19.6% in 2020, and according to data from the National Network Energy Institute ' s China Energy Power Development Outlook, the share of non-fossil energy sources in the primary energy supply structure is expected to reach over 50% in 2040, becoming the main source of energy supply for our country. In particular, the replacement of electricity in the final energy consumption chain has changed the fossils that used to rely on kerosene, among others.
Energy consumption patterns, and energy transformations, show a clear trend towards electrification and cleaning. Double-cycle development has led to a sustained increase in electricity use, with demand for electricity rising from year to year, reaching about 27% of end-use energy consumption in 2020, and a total of 8.3 trillion kilowatt-hours in 2021, an increase of 10.7% over the same period.
In 2021, power consumption was strong, and a few times in individual regions were blocked for market-based changes in electricity prices, driving up the price of nuclear power. Higher coal prices put domestic fire and electricity companies under cost pressure, while domestic electricity demand was increasing and electricity supply was tight, and in order to alleviate the situation, the relevant sectors adjusted the price of electricity, and by---
In April 2022, the average monthly price of the company’s nuclear power plant was higher than the base price for coal, with 20% in Hainan province; and Zhejiang province.
As coal-fired power becomes marketable, nuclear power, which is also used as a base nuclear energy source, is expected to benefit from its marketization, leading to an increase in the price of nuclear power. The increase in the share of marketized electricity trade over the years will lead to a significant increase in corporate performance.
On the ground, the share of marketed transactions by companies has been increasing, with Tian Wan signing up to 24 electricity users and Fuqing signing up to 345 electricity users, increasing rapidly from 9.0 per cent to 37.1 per cent between 2016 and 2020, as a result of the policy of electricity conversion, announcements issued by Zhejiang Soo and others on the 2022 electricity market have been directed to the nuclear power market.
The demand for conversion is high, the majority of the company's nuclear power units are located in Zhejiang and the company's participation in marketization is expected to continue to increase, with a marketized share expected to reach 39.5 per cent/41.4 per cent in 2021 and 2022, respectively.
We measure the profitable growth of the company ' s nuclear power business in 2022, assuming that the company ' s market price for nuclear power participation in 2022 opted for a 10 per cent premium on online electricity prices in the provinces revealed in 2020.
Assumption 2: The company's fleets of Fukugi 5 and 6 are the “Wallon One” and selected the company's average value of nuclear power generation from 2018 to the present date, which is 0.408/kWh. Assumption 3: the average number of hours used by the fleet is the same as in 2021, assuming 7871 hours.
Assumption 4: The amount of electricity connected to the Internet is measured in accordance with the company ' s bulletin " Power generation public in 2021 " , i.e., the share of electricity connected to the Internet in the provinces. Assumption 5: According to the 2022 Zhejiang Province Electricity Market Trading Programme, the proportion of Qinshan Phase II, Fangjiashan Nuclear Power Station City is about 50 per cent, Qinsan III Nuclear Power Station is about 40 per cent marketed and three are about 10 per cent; according to Jiangsu Province Customs
200 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity traded on the trading market in Jiangsu during the year 2022, as disclosed in the year ' s electricity medium- and long-term market transactions, assuming that the share of nuclear power units traded in the market was about 60 per cent and the fleet of Hualong I was about 15 per cent; according to Hainan Province ' s Medium- and Long-Term Electricity Trading Programme 2022, nuclear power companies were not involved
Annual market transactions, with monthly participation in due course, we assume that we will be involved in about 15% of the year’s marketization. Floats are expected to add further performance.
Billion yuan, equivalent to a net profit of $9.43 billion for the mother, is due mainly to the fact that companies are involved in market-based electricity prices for Internet access, which has increased by a combination of high barriers to 2.3 technology license plates, and the industry, which has a double-hatting pattern. Nuclear power technology barriers are prominent and are entering full-scale three-generation nuclear power. Nuclear technology is being updated, and three-generation technology is now globally mainstream.
Only six countries have the capability to export three generations of nuclear power, and three generations of nuclear power have matured, have become truly autonomous three generations of nuclear power, and are developing four generations of nuclear power, and the high-temperature cooler reactor in Stone Island Bay is expected to be a third generation of nuclear power on board (hpr 1000) of four generations of technology, and the six units currently under construction are using a third generation of nuclear power.
For three generations of technology, the reactor uses dual-insurance control systems combined with energy and non-dynamic technologies to protect itself from force majeure, such as earthquakes, and to maximize nuclear power safety. The non-dynamic systems have three main components, the first being a cooling water tank that cools the core in time, and the second is the conversion of helium gas into water to prevent helium.
Corporate R & D investment continues to increase, and the technology services industry has expanded. By 2020, R & D will be scaled up, technological services will be nurtured as new economic growth points, markets for technology services will be actively developed, industrial value chains will be extended, and new technology contracts will be accumulated.
Over $1.1 billion, R & D inputs amounted to 2.6%, and R & D personnel amounted to 17.2% of the company's total, the highest level ever. Corporate technology services have been branded and accepted by industry. According to the company's annual report, nuclear services generated $810 million in 2020, creating more than 2,000 professional nuclear power carriers, with more than a few.
According to the company's 14th Five-Year Planning Target, it is expected to double the value of its nuclear technology services by 2025. The company has advanced the construction of small piles of "Linglong One," which have a strong strategic layout.
Small piles, for example, can be used to power heat, desalinize sea water, make hydrogen, integrate nuclear energy, fully release the potential of nuclear energy for multiple uses, promote synergistic innovation, build power structures for small reactors in synergy with new energy sources, as a stable and flexible base charge, energy and intermittent wind complementarities, forming stable distributed energy systems.
Small piles, which are currently being shipped by the Romonosov in Russia alone, and high-temperature cold reactors in Ishido Island Bay, China, and the Argentine Carem-25, which are expected to be shipped within two years; “nuscale” and “mpower” in the United States, “klt-40s” and “mbir” in Russia, “imr” in Japan, “smart” in Korea, and countries such as the United Kingdom, Canada and Ukraine are intensifying their R & D design,
The company's three-generation nuclear power technology, Linglong One, became the world's first land-based commercial modular reactor, which is already under construction and is expected to be completed by 2026, according to the company's announcement. In addition, the company has joined the three-generation nuclear power technology, State and No. 1 industrial chain alliance, with potential exploitation in the mining areas of the group's greater north-west.
The advantage is that the strategic layout of “nuclear power + wind” is highly superior, and companies will have the opportunity to maintain a sustained and reasonable profit. Figure 27: Tian Wan’s 2 million kilowatts of PV demonstration project development investment agreements are signed on site, technology and license plates are high barriers, and industry has a double-hatting pattern.
The unit investment cost of second generation nuclear power is $12.4/mw, and the company's third generation nuclear power unit is $16.6/mw, after the unit investment cost of offshore wind power, heavy assets in the nuclear power industry, and higher financial requirements. As nuclear power technology progresses and equipment improves, it is expected that the price of nuclear power will decrease further.
Qualitatively speaking, at present only four of us have nuclear power licence plates, and according to the National Nuclear Power Movement (January-December 2021) published by the China Nuclear Energy Industry Association, ... by the end of 2021, China had a total of 42.9 per cent/49.7 per cent/4.6 per cent/2.8 per cent of the capacity of nuclear power, China's mass nuclear power and China's wide nuclear market, respectively, which together exceeded 90 per cent.
Industry is highly concentrated, with a double-hatted pattern. 3 Windlight operations are growing with high relays, with strong dual-nuclear-driven synergies, and 3.1 new energy loads are rising at a high speed, creating a second-growth curve.
Fourteen hundred and fifty-five planned wind-loader 30gw, with 3.6gw installed in 2021. After the company acquired the energy transfer, it consolidated its resources, injected new energy assets, built new energy platforms, and promoted the expansion of wind-loaders. In 2021, the company’s new energy load was 8.9gw, a 69% increase in the same volume, and according to our calculations, it is expected that in 2025 the capacity of the new energy-loader will rise.
By 30.9gw, the growth space was wide. Moreover, the parent company issued a commitment to avoid peer competition, establishing the country’s sole nuclear and new energy platform.
Fourteen hundred and fifty-five wind-loading cagr plans are 42% in the forefront of the industry. According to the fourteen-five plans of new energy operators, China’s fourteen-five-winder cagr is 42%. The company is determined to catch up with the new energy development opportunities, the volume of wind-loading machines has increased significantly, and the cagr ranks ahead of its peers.
Through the acquisition of nuclear transfer energy, the new energy business is being developed across the board. The company attaches great importance to the development of the clean energy industry, and after the acquisition of the parent company's Chinese energy transfer company, the company's revenues from new energy generation and power generation have increased across the board, with the new energy generation rising by 69% to 9514gwh on a year-on-year basis in 2021 and the company's revenues from new energy in 2020 increasing by 850% to 80% on a year-on-year basis.
Three hundred and ninety million dollars, a significant increase in the volume of new energy installed and the high rate of growth in the company's electricity generation and revenues, and a steady increase in future capacity will be an important support for corporate economic growth. Companies rely on the Group's advantages and have a strong access to resources.
Building on the group’s full-scale industrial chain advantage, the company’s “nuclear power + new energy” clean energy layout captures the 14th Five-Year Clean Energy Development Opportunities and develops a wide range of spaces. The company has negotiated and signed agreements with many locals to work together on a new way out of green development.
Table 7: Corporate cooperation on recent new energy projects 3.2 is well funded and stable cash flows drive business synergies
The net operating cash flow of the company 2019-2021q3 is $261/311.28 billion, or 11.19 per cent per 26 per cent, respectively, below the fleet ' s useful life, and is expected to experience a significant increase in net profits at a later stage, a steady increase in the company ' s cash flow, a strong overall financial strength that will facilitate strategic implementation, new energy projects and the seizure of new energy highlands.
The company's money is abundant, and the accumulation of its receivables, if released, will greatly boost investment in new energy projects. At the end of 2021q3, the company has 16.1 billion yuan in monetary funds and a further $14.8 billion in receivables. This increase is mainly due to the increase in subsidies resulting from the increase in the company's electricity generation and the increase in the size of new energy sources, which the State Council implemented in the Central and Local Budget 2021.
This is in line with the report on the draft central and local budgets for 2022, which clearly states that “to promote the resolution of the gap in the supply of subsidies for renewable energy generation” is expected to solve the problem of the return of subsidies. In 2021, the q3 company’s monetary capital amounted to $16.12 billion, with a significant lead partner, has an advantage in the amount of money available in the electricity company, which can fully support investment in new energy projects and further improve the quality of corporate profitability.
Corporate financing has a clear advantage in favour of new energy expansion. By 2018, the company’s financing costs had remained below 2.5%, and financing costs had risen in 2019 and 2020, mainly as a result of the introduction of four units in 2018, which resulted in the full costing of interest costs and the issuance of tradable debt. Corporate financing costs had a comparative advantage in green panels and were relatively low.
Debt costs are reduced each year to increase profitability for new energy projects. According to the company’s bond collection statements from 2020 to the present, the annual interest rate on the company’s face has been reduced from 2020 to 2020 for bonds of the same three-year duration.
Assumption 1: New energy installed capacity is expected to reach 30gw by the end of 2025, an average of 5gw per year, according to the company ' s 1455 plan.
The annual new energy installed capacity is 4, 5, 6 and 7gw, respectively, with wind light as a proportion of wind light as a proportion of 1:3 per cent in 2021 Scenario 2: 30 per cent of the company ' s own financial input for new energy projects Scenario 3: based on data on various power generation costs disclosed in the 2021 Wind and Power Industry Development Study.
The initial investment cost for photovoltaic systems in 2022 is $4.5/w, and the initial investment cost for wind power systems in 2022 is $6/w. Further calculation of the capital expenditure of the company on nuclear power projects is made: assuming 1: Quantities 1, 2 units in Luangzhou are based on disclosure data from the 2020 report.
Assumption 2: The unit prices of the Tian Wan 7 and 8 and the Xu Da Fort 3 units are calculated by reference to the data of the Tian Wan 3 and 4 units also disclosed in the 2019 report as Vver-1200. Assumption 3: Hainan small piles are assumed to contain platforms and accompanying construction, approximately $45,000/kW.
Assumption 4: According to the company ' s annual report of 2020, Unit 1 and 2 is expected to be operational in 2024 and Unit 2 in 2025, respectively, the two fleets have invested cumulatively 10.73 billion yuan, assuming that the cumulative amount of investment is equally divided and invested in the remaining years on an average annual basis, Unit 1 in Suzhou is estimated at $3.70 billion and Unit 2 in Suzhou is estimated at 2.96 billion yuan.
Assumption 5: Based on corporate announcements, fleets 7 and 8 are expected to be operational in 2026 and 2027, respectively, with an average investment of $3.81 billion over six years. Assumption 6: Based on corporate announcements, unit 3 of Xu Da Fort is expected to be operational in 2026, totalling 2021-2026
For six years, capital expenditures are assumed to be invested on an average annual basis of approximately $3.84 billion, assuming that, according to corporate announcements, the Hainan small pile fleet is expected to be operational in 2026 and to be under construction for six years, assuming an annual average investment of about $940 million.
Our key assumptions for corporate profitability projections are as follows: the annual total installed capacity is 31.4/36.6/41.6gw, with the capacity of nuclear power growing steadily with the production of nuclear power units, while new energy sources are growing rapidly according to the 1455 plan.
Number of hours used: projections based on machine history data, electricity demand projections, etc. Electricity on the Internet: calculated on the basis of the company’s projected installed capacity and number of hours used. The expected increase in the amount of electricity on the Internet in part of nuclear power is moderate, while the increase in electricity on the Internet in new energy sources is due to the outbreak of new energy operations.
Based on the above assumptions, we forecast the company ' s sub-operational revenues, yoy and Māori rates for 2021-2023, as follows:
Taking into account that the commercial model of nuclear power is similar to hydropower, the choice of energy-efficient hydropower and Yangtze as comparable companies averaged Pe-Billion yuan in 2022. New energy operations chose the three gorges of energy, dragon power, energy-efficient wind power, and guitar shares as comparable companies, with electricity prices rising below expectations and projects under construction in 2022.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.