Events: Corporate gross operating income of $5.122 billion in 2020, an increase of 5.09 per cent in the same year; operating income: higher than expected growth in 2020, of which q4 accelerated growth. Rapid reports compared to previously published performance (about $5.1 billion in 2020, an increase of around 4.7 per cent in the same year); net return to the mother
Roughly RMB 1550 million, or 6.3 per cent more than the same year), the company earned 908 million yuan in income and profits for the year 2020, an increase of 21.55 per cent over the same year; the net profit on return to the mother was RMB 253 million, an increase of 54.28 per cent, a further recovery from 20q3, with the company paying more than 100 yuan.
The product structure continues to upgrade, with the sub-higher brand "nationality" rising to 75%. \triangleright, under the impact of the epidemic.
The company ' s 300-dollar-plus products showed strong resilience, with a 13% annual increase in its income, the only positive growth in all product classifications, with a 60% increase in revenue, compared to 2019, and continued to grow in the central regions of the province. Since 2019, the company has been strengthening its interior.
In 2020, the company added 35 new distributors in South Sudan and 20 new distributors in Central Sudan, increasing its market share in the province.
Under the Department’s deep-deep farming operations, the Su-China region achieved $654 million in 2020, an increase of 9.35 per cent over the previous year, which was better than the majority of the provinces. It benefited from the company’s continued expansion outside the province, with the company “Bridgeheads” growing 15.61 per cent over the same period in the Huaihai region.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies. Risk factors: rising competition within the province; less than expected expansion of the off-provincial market.
Constellation of the world (603369): very well-structured Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
1. A slightly higher performance than expected throughout the year, with a successful admission to office at 13th and 5th. q4 performance accelerated in 2020. The company achieved a gross operating income of $5,122 million in 2020.
RMB, 5.09 per cent growth in the same year; operating income of $5.19 billion, 5.12 per cent increase in the same year; and net profit on return to mothers of $1,567 million, 7.46 per cent increase in the same year. Compared to the previous performance report, which had been published (about $5.1 billion in 2020, an increase of 4.7 per cent in the same year: about $1.55 billion in net profit on return, an increase of 6.3 per cent in the same year), the company ' s total annual income in 2020,
The performance has improved significantly, with an accelerated growth trend. Of these, 20q4 companies achieved gross operating income of 927 million yuan, an increase of 22.24 per cent over the same period; and a net return profit of 253 million yuan, an increase of 54.28 per cent over the same period, with a sharp increase in product growth, mainly from companies with more than 100 yuan, and a continuous upward shift in product structure.
In 2020, the company ' s overall Māori rate was 71.12%, a decrease of 1.67 ptt, a decrease of 71.11%, a decrease of 1.78 pt, a decrease of 1.78 pt, mainly due to a decline in the price of tons and an increase in the cost of tons. In 2020, the company increased its overall support for distributors, with the end-of-year payment being a concession.
Revenue, coupled with a shift in transport costs from sales to cost subjects, has led to a significant decline in tonnage prices. Adding to the rising costs of raw materials, labour, manufacturing costs, etc. in recent years, the level of Māori rates has declined to varying degrees across all groups of products.
The cost of company sales in 2020 was 17.1 per cent, a decrease of 0.41 pct from the same year, mainly due to the transfer of part of transport costs to the cost of operations, with advertising and employee remuneration rising from year to year, in line with the company ' s expansion in channels; management (research and development) costs were 4.91 per cent, an increase of 0.37 pct from the same year;
The net interest rate rose slightly, with a positive return on sales and a decline in net operating cash flows. In 2020, the company had a good cash flow, matching sales and returns, but there was a decline in net operating cash flows, mainly due to higher production costs and a similar ratio of operating cash flow expenditures.
Figure 9: Business income matched sales return Figure 10: Higher production costs in 2020 led to a decline in net operating cash flows and further upgrading of the 1.1 product structure, with a clear high-end dynamic
In the first half of 2020, affected by the epidemic, high-end products in the public sector were blocked, and low-end products led to reverse growth. As the epidemic was brought under effective control, the economy stabilized in the second half of the year, demand for business and hospitality increased, and sales of more than $300 products accelerated significantly, leading to a reversal in corporate performance.
The company’s sales of more than $100 a year amounted to 89.3%, an increase of 2.22 pct over 2019, of which the country’s national v series was the first to be released in Nanjing and South Sudan, and was endorsed by local consumers. The national V series was officially imported in 2019, with v3 locating 700 and v9 positioning 1,200, helping the company to be even stronger.
In 2020, the v series began to grow up in the Nanjing and Suran regions, with sales revenue growing by more than 50% over the year. The national v9 monomer is a company-developed Qing Yat-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa-sa.
In November, the company ' s new v9 Enterprise, which is not just responsible for the operation of the national v9, will cover the entire v series of products. No, the v series, especially the v9 single item, will be the top priority in the company ' s response to the upgrading of consumption and the high end of its position.
Su-Sun and Sino-China distributors have stepped up their deployment, and the channels have sunk to boost market ownership. The Su-Sun city, represented by Su-Si and Chang, has led the economic development in Jiangsu province, and the mainstream price belt has been upgraded to 300-600 sub-high prices, similar to the Nanjing market, providing a good development environment for the company’s nation-state series of products. In 2020, the company added to the South Sudan region.
Thirty-five distributors, and 20 new distributors in the Central Su region, are increasing their intra-provincial market share. With the company’s deep-dought operations, the Su-Chu region achieved $654 million in 2020, an increase of 9.35% over the province’s vast majority.
The provincial border is the heart of the Huaihai region and the bridgehead that is now driving the atmosphere of consumption in the three provinces. Although it is the least sold in the six districts of the province, in 2019, the Huaihai region experienced the largest increase of 68 per cent in revenues. As a result of the outbreak in early 2020, the company recorded a 4.65 per cent fall in the first half of the year, and the Huaihai region was the only market in the province.
The rapid growth of the Huaihai region in the second half of the year, with a current revenue of $418 million, an increase of 15.61 per cent over the same year. The extra-provincial layout is moving ahead in an orderly manner, with a slight increase in income.
Sub-development of the regional outreach strategy, focusing on the “2+5” provinces around Jiangsu, has already achieved initial scale impact. In 2020, 123 new provincial and overseas distributors were added to the company, generating $329 million, an increase of 6.17 per cent over the same period, exceeding the increase in intra-provincial incomes, which led to an increase in corporate and off-the-road income to 6.48 per cent, and an increase of 0.08 pt from 2019.
Henan, Zhejiang, and Shandong are the company’s priority model markets, and are important breakthroughs in the search for out-of-town growth in the future.
At the 2021 Development Congress, the company proposed four battles: v was a war, k was a war, k was a war, treasure was a war, province was a war.
The new start-upv is a battle to take over the gold track. State v is a key move from being rich to being strong, as companies actively engaged in head-to-head competition, to dealing with business-diversification shifts and consumer-upgrading opportunities.
In 2021, the company will focus on five areas: (i) ensuring high quality development, solidified high-end price awareness in 2021; (ii) making a good focus on the market, creating the Jiangsu market as a core market of 1 billion people and building eight million levels of off-the-road; and (iii) focusing on the three core tracks of 700, 1,200 and 2,000.
Focus v3, v9, commercial version; (4) State v, which will focus on three main systems, will be implemented; (5) Increased emphasis on marketing innovation, integrated operations in 2021, enrichment of the group, widening of channels, optimization of board incentives, etc., and operationalization of the system, focusing on the three objectives of systematization, modelling and innovation.
In January-March 2021, the company's deputy general manager Hujing said: “In 2021, the company will upgrade the four lines and strengthen the market position of the nation.” In January-March 2021, the four parties opened a 30-dollar/bottle-out price increase and set the quota system in motion.
Meta+, for the m3 crystal. We will also keep track of the new four-way replacement from the "severe price increase" and "stable increase in sales".
The company's strategy of “focusing on the promotion of d20, strategic development of d30” will lead to a re-enhancement of the world's brand image, and radiation will drive the existing series of products to achieve both the present and the present.
The goal is to accelerate the process of nationalization by winning out-of-the-way breakthroughs.
(i) State branding: rising to lead the corporate nationalization brand, actively seizing sub-high-end expansion and super-high-end differentiation opportunities, actively planning the nationalization expansion path in line with the “National Impact, China East Field, Critical Long Triangle” city strategy. (ii) World-Word branding: taking advantage of differentiated features and upgrading innovation.
In November 2020, the company created an extra-provincial department to optimize the structure of its marketing organization outside the province and to improve its efficiency; developed a hierarchical authorization mechanism to improve the speed of its response; and promoted the enthusiasm of its efforts through the good marketing of its accompanying services. The company plans to start with 4 heavy jobs: Anhui, Henan, Zhejiang, Shandong.
A model market, with a target of about 20 per cent of out-of-town income by 2025, 2.2 innovative policy mechanisms that stimulate change and dynamism, sustained and comprehensive reforms that add momentum to the development of the present world.
Quality. Deepen process change, improve vendor responsibility, and deepen the “1+1+n” community of interests building. Deepen the process, decentralize the process, improve the flexibility of the process. Deepen the compliance changes, create a mechanism for retroactive inspection, and ensure a steady improvement in the quality of market operations. Deepen management models and improve overall efficiency.
. Deepen three institutional reforms, with full enthusiasm for officers. Improve the personnel system, develop the pool in an orderly manner, and create incentives and protection mechanisms for the performance of a full cadre. Optimize the pay mechanism, raise staff incomes in an orderly manner, raise priority positions, deepen all-round farming and work together with distributors and core terminals. (1) Build a business union, highlight ownership by manufacturers and businesses.
Subjects, stimulating end-to-end dynamism, joint work-sharing, business division coordination, moving beyond game-thinking, multi-dimensional, sustained dynamism. (2) Stimulating performance growth, consolidating stocks, catching up on growth, two weeks of hardness, and strengthening incentives for diversity. (3) Improving marketing efficiency, avoiding waste, making continuous improvements, and deep-sealing for manufacturers, managing 20% of core terminals as distributors, and equipping them.
Conditional distributors boost their autonomy by improving their subject matter and putting the company's strategy on the ground. 2.3 Productive capacity-building guarantees the 14th Five-Year Plan objectives, enabling them to complete production in the first half of 2024 and complete production in 2026.
The company ' s current packaging capacity is 85,000 tonnes/year on a 24-hour basis and 40,000 tonnes/year at actual working conditions (the plant and equipment packages are complete and all owned). The company has one (and a warehouse and logistics centre) in the pipeline for the construction of an intelligent irrigation centre, and the design product would need to be sold at around 60,000 tonnes if the revenue from the sale of 10 billion dollars in the year ahead is to be realized and if the sale of the finished wine is to be achieved at 15 billion yuan.
The company now has a stock of 100,000 litres of alcohol, which is expected to meet the demand for finished wine packaging needed to meet its sales objectives.
Cost forecast: We expect a combined increase in sales and management costs in Jiangsu between 2021 and 2023, respectively.
Exploiting, companies face a slowdown in income growth, or lower short-term performance due to higher costs being invested, out-of-town market openings are poorly managed, with state brands representing more than 75 per cent of the income of the dominant product, which begins to be saved as national brand power rises.
In the process of laying out goods in foreign priority markets, where poor management of channels leads to price disruptions, national brand power will be undermined, leading to more uncertainty about the growth of revenue.
Production, taxation, etc. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, focusing on the industry and its shareholdings, with in-depth research and follow-up on such sections as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with emphasis on valuation and inclusive thinking.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.