The world's future (603369.sh)
One of the leading figures in the development of the wine industry is: (i) the famous wine gene: the present world sits in the town of Gou, the famous town of wine brewing, Jiangsu province; (ii) the pre-positioned high-priced segment: a. The brand of the nation (created in 2004), which is known as the brand of the high-end white wine brand, which is now in charge of the $300-2500 price belt and currently accounts for the total revenue.
More than 70% weight: b. The brand of the present world (1996) was set as Chinese wine, and the main prize was $100-300, representing 28% of the income: c. The high-trenched brand is the "old Chinese word" and is known as the real Sioux old wine, with the main focus on the low-end white wine consumption scene. (3) Growth is strong, with the product structure rising: the company's white and wine camp is gathering on a large scale.
Cagr reached 28.44 per cent and 27.61 per cent, respectively, and achieved rapid development. The product series, dominated by national and present-day interests, accounted for nearly 90 per cent of the total, and the product structure rose from year to year.
Consumption rises, structure is good, and as people's standards of living rise and the sense of consumption of “less alcohol, better alcohol” rises, the white wine industry enters a cycle of consumption-led growth in the long term. (4) Subhigh-end expansion is on the way: the low-end price is moving steadily, opening up other high-end white space while also filling sub-high-end price belts.
In addition, the sub-supplier part of the sale of the high-end white wine has been carried over, while also expanding the part of the sale of Chen Jinzhi low-end consumer consumption. (5) Jiangsu market consumption has risen to the top: Jiangsu has a high level of economic development.
The stronger business base, the wealth effect of house prices, and the higher disposable income that powered consumer consumption have also pushed up the consumption of white wine, spearheading the mainstream price of 300-600 won.
We expect to benefit fully from sub-high-end gradual expansion and rapid upgrading in Jiangsu. Brands/products/channels are fully empowered, with competitive advantages. (1) Nationals raise brand heights, upgrades, and upgrades.
Product structure: From a product brand perspective, the company's products are medium-sized, showing the world's origins in medium- and high-end white wine: 20 years of solid targets, short-term effects of the epidemic are not different. At the end of the product, the country line is used as a strategic catch, in line with the upgrading of consumption in the province and the domestic soy sauce.
Heat, gradual high-end layout and refinement of sub-high-end price belts, expansion of the product life cycle through upgrading, strong momentum and clear planning over the next five years. (2) Group purchasing power and profit margins are strong: on the one hand, firms enter the market through group purchasing channels, and different channels compete differently from the ocean river to compete.
On the other hand, from the point of view of the sales model, the company promotes 1+1+n in-depth marketing to sink the channel (i.e., ownership, division of labour, cooperative development by distributors) by “controlling bottom prices, reducing sales, controlling stocks, controlling prices, raising profits”
Measures to fully safeguard the interests of distributors and end-users and to consolidate the pull of the brand. (3) No changes in ocean rivalries, price mismatches, and still have a competitive advantage.
Intra-provincial cities account for about 10 per cent of the total, and deep-farming is still open: (1) by managing the convergence of the national and present-day chains, focusing on mainstream prices, precisely cutting down the market, continuously upgrading their brand power and raising their brand profile. (2) From the regions with the highest purchasing power per capita, intensive farming is carried out.
It is hoped that the share of vulnerable regions in the provinces will continue to grow through a sustained increase in inputs from vulnerable regions, coupled with a well-developed system of integrated manufacturing channels. The determination to expand beyond the provinces is strong, and a sustained breakthrough is being actively pursued: (1) companies are in the process of becoming full-fledged, with an out-of-town income share.
Compared to the growth in the number of distributors, there are more and more efficient terminals to roll out the product by increasing the level of marketing and engaging with the larger players outside the region. (2) From 2019, Shandong has worked well as a model market, sales have doubled in 2019, and there is hope for a breakthrough in the future through aggressive extraneous efforts.
The regional market for the rehabilitation of Shandong market, and the development of help companies out of the country. Investment proposal: We believe that the prices of the company’s products are in the price belts of expansion, branding can be enhanced without interruption, channels well constructed and products matched, and there is much room for sinking in the province, as well as out-of-country expansion.
One step at a time, the epidemic slowed down but did not disrupt the company's long-term growth.
The company is located in the town of Gou Gou, Jiasu County, Jiangsu Province, a famous wine brewing town, where the history of wine brewing originated in West Han and was rich in Myung Qing, and where the company's predecessor dates back to 1949 at the Gang Su Go Gou wine factory, with its famous wine genes that have been deposited in history. While the High Gou wine factory has been honoured for a while, such as in 1956, when the Gou Goo won the "Wine First" honour of Jiangsu Province, and in 1984 at the fourth national conference on wine.
It won second place, but it was suspended because the brands were not adapted to market developments and the wine industry was not well run; and the wine industry came into a state of emergency with the creation in 1996 of the brand of “The End of the World” and the creation in 1997 of the company of the world's wine industry. In 2004, the brand of “Nationality” was introduced, which tied the culture of the future and the culture of the wine, and the company acquired it from the introduction of the new brand.
The company now has three famous brands of white wine under its flag: "Nationality," "Fortune of the World," "Grands of the World" , and "Golden" – a brand that has been created by Jiangsu's leadership of white wine.
(ii) Main business: brand matrix perfected, products upgraded, three brands differentiated to cover the consumer population and the product system intact. Jiangsu consumer preferred low-degree, strong white wine, talk soft, sweet, and company-resilient, focusing on 42 degrees of white wine (except for national v3, v6, v9 40.9 degrees,
49 degrees and 52 degrees). The company has started from national, present-day, high-trenched brand differences, with medium-dense white wine, covering full price bands from the low end to the high end. (1) The national origin: brands were created in August 2004 and can be further divided into the k series, the yarn series and the v series.
In the middle, the final retail price segments of the yarn (soft, light) range 100-300, with the main consumption scene being the mid-end feast consumption; while k is the main product, the prices of the new k (k3, k5) and the old k (separate, synchronous) are set at 200-600, of which the diagonal and quadruple are the main product.v The series has a price band of 800-2500, of which the sauce fragrant type was launched in 2019.
State v9, setting the price belt above $2,000, which represents the company's official entry into the military sauce industry. (2) The world's fate: brand was created in August 1996 and is based on the colour of red hymns, cheerful parties, wines, "China's Ten Cultural Monuments", "China's First Brand for Marriage" and "The world's future brand for 100-300."
The annual collection series is the largest, accounting for more than 50% of the income of the brand series. In 1995, at the fourth national wine review conference, the second place in the country was in 95.13 places: it was recognized by the National Technical Supervisory Authority in 1995 as a standard sample of the national fragrance white wine, and it became the "Twigs, Trench, Trench and Ocean River" of Jiangsu's wine.
In the company’s statement, the product was revealed that the price of the factory’s guidance was higher than $300, mainly for brands of national origin; that it was 100-300 dollars for brands of national and international origin; and that it was a product of 20-100 bits, mainly brands of the present world.
The rest of the cds are below $20-bit-bit products, which correspond mainly to high-trenched brands. Product structures are significantly optimized, and the share of the country is increasing.
Based on the data disclosed in the company bulletin, we estimate that, as of 2020h1, the share of national income in total income is higher than figure 5: the company ' s tera and tera+ products have grown rapidly in recent years (iii) with sufficient incentives and high managerial and employee motivation
The former is a high-trenched liquor factory, a national ownership enterprise founded in 1949; the latter was founded in 1997 in the Kansu County, where Jiangsu's wine industry company was replaced in 2005 by a State-owned company, which was converted from full-time to State-owned holdings, after which four replenishments, four transfers and the introduction of a military campaign led to the diversification of property rights.
As of the third quarter of 2020, the controlling shareholders in the company were Constellation Group Ltd., holding 44.72% of the shares, and actually controlling the people’s government in the county. The company’s executives and middle-level cadres held shares in the company, with a total of 7.78% of the core executives, and 6.56% of the other core employees held shares in the company through Xiaoyu and Quijin Trading Limited.
A deep-seated firm, with sufficient incentives, is conducive to increased managerial and employee motivation. Figure 7: The company’s main equity structure (as of the third quarter of 2020) prior to listing, the company bound and incentivized its core workforce through equity incentives and employee ownership.
Ten thousand stock options, accounting for about 0.996% of the 12,545.0 million shares of the total stock of the company at the time of the announcement, were awarded for the first time 11 million shares, or 0.877% of the total stock of the company at the time of the announcement. The first incentive granted under the scheme did not exceed 360 persons, including mainly senior managers of the company (5 persons), core technicians and managerial cadres.
Work is motivated, but it also demonstrates management’s commitment to governance and companies’ long-term confidence in good governance. The current equity incentive program is fully demonstrating the confidence in development as a result of the epidemic’s annual effort to collect over 10 billion dollars (for $15 billion).
(i) Industry development: White wine structural growth, expected to continue at the lower end, total sales growth is slowing, and white wine structural growth, according to statistical data, in 2019 a total of 785.95 million litres of wine produced by white wine enterprises of national size and above, compared to the same year
A decline of 0.76 per cent; the realization of sales revenue of 561,782 million yuan, an increase of 8.24 per cent over the same period; the realization of a total profit of $14,409 million, or about 26 per cent; and, according to the Bureau of Statistics, the scale of overall sales of white wine = 0.26 per cent, with a rapid increase in the size of white wine at the lower end and above.
The consumption structure of white wine is tilted toward medium-to-high-end products. The market is now expected to be close to 70 billion and will continue to grow at the lower-end as middle-class growth increases and residents’ incomes rise in the future.
2. Good consumption structure, with white wine entering a new round of long-term consumption restrictions in 2012, has severely hit public consumption, which has gradually shifted from public consumption to commercial consumption; from 2012 to 2017, public consumption declined from 40% to less than 1%.
Consumption accounts for the vast majority of the consumer population, and the wider consumer population, coupled with more stable consumption scenes, has reduced the cyclicality of white wine. At the same time, since the industrial recovery in 2016, consumer awareness of consumption of “less alcohol, better alcohol,” has gradually increased, with the white wine industry entering a long-term cycle driven by rising consumption.
In the process of rising consumption, high-end and sub-high-end white wines have been relatively beneficial during this round, owing to the rise of the middle-cost groups and rising levels of consumption. The most important aspect of this period is that it is based on consumption patterns dominated by commercial and public consumption, which have helped boost the price of top-down white wine.
The price space for the wine, the price of the five grain fluids and the cellars, has been moved to a thousand-dollar price, and the price belt has been given to the sub-higher end of the 1,000 dollar, driving the sub-higher price increases. Inter-zones have become the most competitive sub-high price segment. For example, the single crystal sword, the best sold in the sub-highest price segment, 2017.
The annual market price was $428 per bottle, and the real price was between 300 and 400, and by March of this year, the price of Sword, $489 per bottle for the South Spring retail price, had risen to over 400. At the same time, the standard of consumption for business hospitality had also risen as the economy developed, and in the past, business hospitality had been dominated by the consumption of 200+/bottle products, and now most of the region had risen.
There are 300 +, 400 + price bands, and mainstream prices are moving up. Thousands of bits of product are out, with sub-higher space for price increases. The rise in consumption has been slower for white wine, but the epidemic has pushed up the price increases, with high-end, sub-high-end alcohol companies adjusting prices through various channels, Price V, The National Castle 1573, Sunflower 30 Renaissance,
On the one hand, high-end liquor companies have introduced higher-priced products, such as ocean rivers m6+, treasured crystal swords, green flowers 30, national origin v3, etc., taking the price belts through the structural upgrading of products; on the other hand, sub-high-level alcohol companies have taken up prices through price increases.
Recoupling the product system, increasing profit from the channel, maintaining brand power. $550 per bottle, $269 per bottle. High-end white wine has stronger gift properties, less high-end drinking, and high-end white wine production time leads to speed.
There are short-term supply and demand contradictions between the rising demand for high-end alcohol and the limited production of good alcohol: In the run-up to the rising price of high-end white wine, sub-high-end prices absorb some of the sales that result from price increases and consumption scenes, and expand some of the medium- to low-end. Overall, the sub-high-end price belt is expected to continue to expand as high-end prices continue to rise and consumption rise.
(ii) The growing dynamism of companies that are able to take positions at the higher end of prices. (ii) The rise in consumption in Jiangsu market is evident, with the price of mainstream white wine rising to sub-high,1 and the revival of wine, which is a major province for the sale of white wine.
In 1998, Jiangsu Province issued the Opinions on Revival of Soo Wine, which set out its development goal of revitalizing Soo-Win, with Jiang Su-yu and rising per capita consumption, so that Su-Wu has now emerged as an important pole in China’s white wine map. According to Jiangsu Province Bureau of Statistics, 38,000 litres of wine were produced in 1998 and 69,000 litres were produced by 2018, ranking the second highest in the country.
Thanks to the growth in production, Jiang Su-bhai consumption has also increased. Jiang Su's 2019 food-power ranking shows that Shandong is the largest province in white alcohol consumption. According to the Industrial Information Network, the market for Jiang Su-bhai in 2019 was about the size of the market.
55 billion yuan, with a growth rate of about 11 per cent in market size over the past three years and rapid annual growth.Figure 15: White wine production per cent in the main provinces and municipalities of the country. Figure 16: Size of the Jiangsu White market (in billions of yuan)
The rise in consumption in Jiangsu is the main driving force behind the growth of white wine, as seen from the national map. This is mainly due to the higher level of economic development in Jiangsu, the stronger business base and higher disposable incomes that drive up consumer consumption.
With regard to the level of economic development, in 2019, Jiangsu province achieved a combined annual growth rate of 11.2 per cent for the past decade, with a combined annual increase of 996.1 billion yuan for the same period, compared with 6.9 per cent for the same period, and the national increase of 98,651.5 billion yuan for the same period for the same period for the same period for the same period, compared with 7.3 per cent for the previous decade, with an average annual compound increase of 10.9 per cent for the first quarter of 2020, which, in terms of quarterly growth, was affected by the epidemic, with Jiangsugdp and 4.2 per cent for the better.
In terms of disposable income, the population of Jiangsu in 2019 had an disposable income of $51,056, up from the national average of $42,358 for the same period. The average per capita consumption of food in Jiangsu was $7,981, up from the national average for the same period.
Figure 19: Average annual disposable income per capita in Jiangsu and the country ' s average urban population, Figure 20: Average per capita food consumption expenditure in Jiangsu and the country ' s average urban population
With Jiangsu’s booming economy adding a large population base, the process of rising consumption is ahead of the other provinces. With regard to the white wine price belt and the layout of the product, the river launched the blue classic in 2003, especially the blue of the ocean, which became the best-selling single item at that time, with a 100-dollar price, which belonged to the mid-end of the price belt at that time.
By contrast, the Guaigon series, which was launched in 2008, began to promote the ancient 20 in the province of Anhui in 2017. Overall, with higher economic levels, faster consumption, combined with the wealth effects of rising house prices, Jiangsu began to grow.
The current sub-high-end price segment of the product is much higher. By 2012, Jiangsu’s main consumer price was 150-300, and in recent years has gradually completed a shift to the main price band above $300, from the ocean’s dream series to the oceanic series, where the present-day series of tera+ and tea are growing faster than the other low- and medium-end product series.
In view of the current rise in the prices of the ocean rivers and products of the present world, the price of 300 yuan is now more saturated by rising consumption, and we expect that the price band will gradually decrease. The mainstream price belt has risen to $300 and $600, and its advantages will benefit fully from the overall sub-high end of the expansion and consumption escalation in Jiangsu province.
III. Competitive advantages: branding/products/channels empowerment, river rivalries of the ocean, etc.
In 2004, the company created a national brand, which set prices at 300-600 yuan, and became the Jiangsu brand of the first high-end white wine market to rob the beach, at a price of only 20 yuan below the price of the five grains. According to the microscopic wine, the value of the 2008 national singles sales band was $469 for the same period, the terminal price was between 580-600 and the company pre-positioned high-price belt.
And, as a major product of focus, it took a better turn in politics through early high-end and group purchasing, and the industry went through the 2013-2015 winter of white wine, and the company suspended the promotion of nationalism, while Jiangsu's owner was at a price of around $100, so the company focused its development first on the promotion of the present world. The industry began to warm up in 2016.
Then, in response to the upgrading and expansion of the high-end price belt of Jiangsu, the company continued to focus its efforts on returning to the country, achieving nearly 40 per cent of the growth in the province in 2016, the share of the national income line in the first half of 2017 was more than 50 per cent.
According to the company bulletin, we expect the k series to account for about 59% of the company's alcohol revenues and the v series to be 5%. The company has placed the main products of the nation at the lower end of the price, along the lines of the product “Empowerment of the new v department, making the big k department, tactical additions to the new k and yams.”
(1) Strengthened v series layout, cutting into high-end markets. V series consists mainly of v3, v6, v9, with different price bands. The 2009 V series was first listed, and the original V series was upgraded to crystal version in August 2018, allowing the nationality to enter the 1000-dollar high end by selecting the old silos and their own unique processes for more than 300 years.
Super-high-end price belts. The company's current strategy for the V series is to supplement the "v9 image, v3 sales, v6" production figure 25: the state through the v series to the high-end market, the national crystal v system: v9, v3 sales, v6
No: Qui-A-No No No: Xu-Agnostic thickness Fragrance: Soft
Degrees: 40.9% voltage: 49% voll channel operation: opinion leaders and high numbers around the political and business world
Channel operations: main distribution and circulation channels, channel operations: mainly supplemental to price belts, end-of-end elites in precision marketing
The v3 market has a price belt of $600-800, marked by m6+ from the ocean river, plus m6+ for market openings and price belts, with higher consumer acceptance, and v3 is expected to enjoy growth together. V3 is also a consumer group that naturally takes over from the rise in national boundaries and benefits from higher and larger prices in the Jiangsu sub-region, mainly for sale.
In 2001, the company started testing and researching the sauce-like white wine, which enabled the introduction of the Qing Ya sauce-type v9 product in 2019. The company is now promoting the v9 in the most economically advanced cities in the province (South King, South Sudan, etc.) and in some of the high-line cities outside the province. In terms of the soy sauce boom, the health properties of the soy sauce are as follows, with the upgrading of consumers and the rise of the new Chinese product.
More and more consumers are taking over, and more and more consumer groups are focusing on the sauce and white wine, especially in high-end and ultra-high-end consumers, whose consumption is more than 50%. But at the supply end, the sauce process is longer and, as demand grows, the base alcohol is becoming scarce, the supply and demand will remain in a tight balance for some time to come, and the sauce is hot or will continue.
On average, the profits are higher than the fragrance, and the development prospects of v9 are clearer through the push of channels and terminals, combined with branding of the brand name Quai. The company also aspires to open the ceiling of the company's product price by taking up the position of “China's Qing Ya Wine founder” in V9.
The company has set up the v9 Enterprise, which plans a development strategy for the v series through the Ministry of Industry and Industry system. The current v series is doing well. According to the company announcement, v series sales in 2020 amounted to about $260 million, of which v9 generated about $128 million.
(ii) To be a big, big, big, high-end consumer sector, with a sub-high-end, high-end, high-end, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-speed, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-profile, high-level, high-profile, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-quality, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-level, high-scale, high-level, high-level, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-level, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-level-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-scale, high-
In order to adapt to rising consumption and nationalization in the province, companies have continued to raise prices for large, large, and large products over the past few years, increasing brand value, occupying higher price belts, and increasing market pricing.
Extending the product’s life cycle; and, on the other hand, stabilizing the profitability of distributors and end-users. The company’s owner, who pushes on each other, is also active in the new k system (300-600) and the yarn (100-300), and continues to benefit from the intra-provincial high-end consumer-price-up dividend, mainly as a product that completes the product’s price belt and consumption scenes.
3. To upgrade the worldly branding and open up the middle-to-high market The company launched the worldly branding in August 1996 with the idea of “the present world has a future, with forever” and to break into a relatively empty market for wedding wine; today, the world's worldly branding accounts for about 22 per cent of the company's income.
Since its launch in 2008, the present-day collection series has been completely upgraded. Since its launch, the collection series has held a certain market share in weddings, feasts, etc., with a better consumer base, the company repackaging of the collection series in 2018, and the year 2019, with a special emphasis on the introduction of d20 new products, and the orderly introduction of end retail prices.
The product approach of selling and d6-stakes is helping to create a differentiated competition between the world's current interests in markets within and outside the province. Figure 26: High-end and middle-end products in the province of the present generation are well developed.
The company will continue to promote high-quality development in the country through its mastery of brand promotion, product structure, etc. in recent years, and will continue to promote high-quality development through the precise positioning of different consumption scenes and consumption groups. According to the microbarrel news, the company presented its 14th 5th Strategic Plan at the 2021 Development Congress, which is also the 14th 5th Regulation of the company in 2021.
In terms of product planning, (1)v series highlights v9, v3 sales, plans for 10 billion-year-old engineering work; (2) k series, in line with "Expanding Faces"
The concept of increased tolerance, controlled price increases, reasonable profits, is based on a clear increase in prices, a marked increase in sales, and a marked increase in quality as an indicator of operating equivalency, ensuring that k is a strategic upgrade to achieve real strategic results. (3) With regard to the branding of the world, it is necessary to organize a collection to activate the war in order to celebrate the rise in consumer mind, to accompany product upgrading, and to introduce d20/30, which will guide the image of the world's brand.
We believe that the company uses national brands as a strategic catch, national/current brands as a combination of power to capture the middle- and sub-high-end markets, price rankings, and a clear idea of how the product works. By 2025, the company is planning to achieve a target of 10 billion, of which v-series receipts are 2 billion (up from the current 5% to 20%), k-series 5.5 billion, and 1.9 billion.
Table 6: Company ' s 1455 product planning elements and key elements 1) highlights v9 single product status, Deep Farming Business Group acquisition; 2) development of diversified channels system; 3) design v series
We're going to launch the new V series, 10 years of 10 billion dollars in engineering, v9 in image, v3 in sales, v6 in addition, in the Long Triangle and the extra-provincial high-energy cities, and we're going to take over the gold track.
(b) Development and end-building of v9. 2; k-scheming is an upscaling battle; 1) the strategy of “enhancement, control of price increases, reasonable profit-sharing”; 2) product upgrading of the four sides, and continued expansion of sales performance; 3) determined stockpile and quota management
(ii) Channels: strong group purchasing, deep-collaboration builder integration
In addition to the development of product series versus target, firms enter the market through closed-buying channels and compete differently from the ocean river to gain market space, while upgrading the brand value of their products to match the development of group buying and circulation channels to lay the foundations for new markets.
1. Long-term adherence to development channels, where profits are reasonably motivated, is categorized according to different channels, where companies start mainly through the channels, which then develop into channels of circulation, where current acquisitions are well under way, and where profits are very strong.
The company, which is owned by the local government, started in the province with the company's acquisition of government services, and the country, when it was launched in 2004, was the price range suitable for public service purchases, while the blue series of the Byront River did not launch dreams; although the demand for government purchases was significantly affected during the three-public consumption period, the company instead increased the number of business purchases.
To maintain long-term and stable cooperation with different enterprises, using a wide range of venues, especially for weddings and weddings. Prior to 2005, the company set up a special group purchasing commissioner to promote employee motivation through policy and incentive support; To follow up with differentiated group purchasing strategies tailored to different needs, to ensure that some high-end consumers become consumer leaders, and to adopt a nuclear approach.
Consumers’ public relations, wine delivery, and trades, among others, have a better reputation as high-end reception alcohol in Jiangsu province. Companies believe that large-scale shops, 4s shops, businesses, state companies, small-scale village health centres, village councils, etc., can all be group clients, benefiting from years of development in the distribution channels, maintaining the diversity of the group’s clients, and maintaining the stability of the channels.
The company’s products are in circulation late and grow faster. According to branding, (1) the interstate series is dominated by political and consumer groups, most of which are marketed through group purchasing channels, giving high priority to hotel development in the ab category, building up a group purchasing and distribution alliance, and strengthening the business super-regulation.
In the face of intermediate consumption, sales are made mainly through catering and distribution channels, combining online and offline platforms, surrounding the shop, and the interactive promotion of the reception sites through the main lines of the current world brand. The public sector has a comparative advantage over competitions, and the distributors and terminals are more aggressive and motivated in promoting their products.
2. Price-control benefits, a well-established system of integrated channels for manufacturers, which, according to the marketing model, is supported by direct marketing and distribution, are currently being implemented mainly through the introduction of 1+1+n in-depth marketing, i.e., through a distribution model led by the manufacturer, coordinated division of labour among the producers and developed by the distributors.
The company was initially dominated by a large channel, and since 2015 it has promoted the 1+1 deep distribution model (one manufacturer and one dealer) to take on development risks through the manufacturer, the distributors to take charge of logistics and liquidity, while bearing part of the development costs, and the company sales team to direct, assist and supervise the distributors.
Progress; in 2019, replace the word “1+1” with the word “1+1+n”; the vendor-led position remains unchanged, with changes in the system of services that integrates the terminal into the distributor and improves the customer classification and classification management system so that the company can provide special support and increase efficiency to end-users that are well supported by the resource mix.
Direct sales are complemented by active efforts to build new retail outlets. Direct sales, which involve companies selling priority groups, such as shopping units, and other priority areas such as Huai An, Nanjing City and Suzhou City in the province, and Shanghai and Beijing outside the province. New retail sales, which began in 2017, have been active in setting up new retail outlets, working with the mainstream platform of Qui Qing's micro-businesses and electricity suppliers, largely completing “1+5+”
A network of channels for new retailing has been set up, actively shifting to “distributors + direct sales + sales on the line.” In tandem with orderly distribution, the introduction of price-fixing models has been introduced. In the process of growing companies, on the one hand, the price of channels has been confused by different return policies, such as cash promotion, cost-investment, etc.; and, on the other hand, as the distribution network of distribution channels opens up.
In order to deal with this problem, the company proposed measures to “control bottom prices, lower sales, control stocks, regulate prices, raise profits” in 2020, especially with regard to channel prices and profits, and to import the price-sharing model in an orderly manner, emphasizing that profit distribution is based only on the sale of goods, setting a red line for price regulation, while at the same time putting the profit behind it.
Vendors are active in maintaining and stabilizing market prices, with companies taking the lead in allocating the tripartite interests of distributors, terminals and consumers, fully safeguarding the needs of distributors and terminals and creating a healthy and equitable marketing environment. (iii) Ocean river rivalries contribute to long-term growth and the logic of provincial growth remains unchanged.
The ocean river has expanded throughout the country, but the relationship has not changed. Since 2012, as the harvests in the province have broken down by 10 billion degrees, the river has introduced a strategy called the “New River Sou Market”, which has gradually opened the way for expansion. With the recovery of the industry, corporate strategies and human resources have been stagnating towards the provinces in 2015, with annual compound increases of 3.02% in inter-Yan River province in 2014-2019.
As the ocean’s nationalization expands, the company’s development within the province has opened up. Price mismatches have not changed. The world’s fate and the ocean’s system of product prices are not exactly the same, as shown in the figure below, the national v series’s dreams of the oceanic river6 and 9; the interstate k is a structural upgrade based on the old k series, with the k5 price slightly higher.
In four places, the price of k3 is higher than the price of a double, and is set under a dream 3 and equal to the price of dream 1; and in the ocean, the sky, the ocean, the ocean, the ocean, the ocean, the ocean, the ocean, the ocean, and the world, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sky, the sea, the sea, the sea, the sea, the ocean, the ocean, the ocean, and the world.
From the second half of the year 2019, the river began to work on the market issues of the ageing of existing products, low profit margins, high stocks, etc., and to restore the momentum for healthy development. As the ocean recovers, the river will continue to be carried out in Jiangsu province together with the present world.
Next high-end banners. The upturning of high-end white wine continues to open up price space, the rise in consumption continues to drive the public sector, and there has not yet been a full-scale competition in the world for the river, nor has there been a crowding-up of the two companies’ dominant monolith. And, with the dream 6+, the river's more focused on the 600-800 price slots (actual deal).
In addition, the company has developed a joint 600-800-bit market between the ocean river and the present world. (iv) Development has broken down, with the city of Néti in the province and the city of Néti out of the province increasing; (i) the city of Néti in the province has upgraded its product structure, and there is still room for sinking in the weak areas.
In Jiangsu's current volume of 55 billion white wines, the current market accounts for about 10% and 40% of the river. As can be seen above, Jiangsu's main price is now over $300, with the present date and river as its representative, and is positioned in Jiangsu's dominant sub-high price belt, with a more significant branding advantage.
The company ' s ability to upgrade the product ' s brand by operating in the province ' s dual brand, upgrading the product structure, while also expanding the profitability of the product ' s channels, boosts end-of-end motivation: in the context of regional operations, it is also possible to achieve further improvements in the market ' s share and profitability by increasing its investment in the weak regions, while continuing to refine its niche markets.
Focus I: Intra-provincial product strategy for trend management and continuous upgrading of product branding, as requested by the 2021 Congress, the company will use the “Empowerment of the New V” system as a "Big K" product strategy, tactical addition to the new K-Atholic system, clarity of brand class levels, focus on mainstream prices, precise cutting breakdowns for national brands.
Markets. (1) Main k-products, based on the concept of “Step Run” Quarterly Round-up, stabilizing the profits of distributors and terminals, accelerating the spread of the region through more intensive cultivation, and continuously increasing the rate of occupancy. (2) National v-systems, using the concept of “v9 image, v3 sales, v6” as a different product layout. Companies will continue to use the first line in Nanking and South Sudan.
The developed regions have accelerated the strategic nurturing of the layout to promote the focus; at the same time, they have focused on the value of the different product categories of the national bond v9 “China’s Qing Ya's Wine Starters” and have actively infiltrated into traditional high-end sauce consumer groups, rising consumption from high-guiding traditional high-end fragrances. (3) The new k & Ya's department, which will continue to focus on the extended development of high-end consumer groups, continues to strengthen the low-end conglomerates.
For the world-class brand, the company will further focus on the 15th, the 20th and the 30th editions of the Strategic Reserves, opening up the 180th-dollar price belt. Of these, the 20th editions will accelerate the selection of the sub-consumption sub-susan, the 20th.
In addition, in keeping with the upward trend in consumption, the market in Su Central District focused on fostering the layout of the market, actively entering the last high-end price band of $300, and further maintaining a sense of value, stratification and readiness for the introduction of the 30th.
In 2019, the company cancelled 13 local marketing centres in the province and established 6 districts divided into the regions of Huai An (Liaoan, Hoi-Jing), Nanjing (Nanjing, Jinjiang), Sonan (Sushu, Tin-less, Chang-zhou), Sino-China (Yang, Tai, Nantong), Salt.
The city (Saline City, Lianyun Harbour) and the Huaihai region (Suzhou) among them are the company’s main companies, which achieved revenues of $1,053 million in 2019, an increase of 15.22 per cent in comparison with the previous year. The Nanjing region has increased significantly in recent years, exceeding the Huaian region in 2019 and has become the largest revenue-contribution area.
In 2019, Gdp per capita in Jiangsu municipalities was the largest, with 18, 17.9 and 156,000 yuan, respectively. Nanjing ranked fourth in the annual Gdp per capita of 165,000 yuan. The ranking was relative to Liain and Residency, with 78,000 and 63,000 yuan per person in 2019. Local municipalities generated higher income per capita, driving the consumption climate and consumption.
On the one hand, the Nanjing market has grown rapidly in Nanjing, with incomes outpacing Xiaoan. On the other hand, the Nanjing market has been characterized by long-term company maintenance with high-end consumption leaders.
On the other hand, in the previous two years, the company had increased its recruitment efforts in the Nanjing region, stimulating the motivation of dealers and door-to-door terminals with higher channel end profit rates.
And the wine market in Nanjing is very inclusive, and alcohol and water consumption is in the forefront of the national wine market. As a famous white brand in the province, the city is second to the ocean, but it is still relatively low, with companies farming in the province and in the Nanjing market for many years.
Focus three: Weak regions, such as South Sudan, are still developing, and the volume of inputs is increasing. Companies start from light, where the dominant regions in the past were more than in North Sudan, in the areas of Huai An and Cebu and Nanjing.
Over the last few years, companies have invested more resources in regions with a weaker base, mainly by increasing the recruitment of distributors, helping dealer clients to build a team that meets the needs of business collaboration and development, leading to the growth and upgrading of distributors through training in learning, channel marketing, incentives, etc., and increasing the operational capacity of their business teams. As of the first three quarters of 2020, in South Sudan,
There are 107, 86, 38 and 49 dealers in Su, Salt City and Huaihai, respectively. In recent years, the company has increased its investment, and the company is still developing in vulnerable areas. The growth in the number of distributors in the company's market is partly due to the growth in sales in the region. This shows that, in the context of increased corporate recruitment, the channels are filling the gap and sinking.
We expect that, in line with the company’s increased brand visibility and continued enrichment of the product price belt, the company will continue to grow in vulnerable areas, and it is expected to become a new impetus for increasing the city’s presence in the province. The dominant market has not been saturated, and there is much room for development in the vulnerable market.
With a combined growth rate of 15%, the company has made a major breakthrough in regional development through pooled management, sub-brand operations, and city occupancy rates have been raised, and we believe that revenue growth in the provinces is expected to continue in double digits.
As in the Nanjing region, there is still room for continued upscaling as consumption upgrades and product structure rises. With rapid revenue increases and product structure upgrades, profitability is expected to grow steadily.
(ii) Extra-provincial incremental: model market developments and replications to continue to break through the early layouts in the provinces and beyond (1) early: three marketing centres in the north and the south were established in 2009 as a result of the present world, in more than 20 provinces of the country
Marketing; 16 marketing centres were set up outside the province by 2013 to organize the main layouts around Jiangsu ' s surrounding area; however, as a result of factors such as restrictions on public consumption in 2013-2015, the out-of-town pace slowed down. (2) Following the company ' s listing in 2014, a renewed emphasis on out-of-town sales began in 2015 with the proposal to create a "focusing zone" outside the province.
Breaking the past face layout, gradually moving to a point layout: As the overall industry recovered and entered a new growth stage in 2016, the company's external provincial layout focused first on the immediate vicinity of the more advanced economies of Beijing, Shanghai, Shandong, Henan, Anhui, and other markets for white wine, and on the perimeter radiation and priority breakthroughs.
(3) By 2018, the company used Beijing, Shanghai as a model market, Shandong, Zhejiang, Anhui, Henan, Jiangxi as a market for the Rim Jiangsu, in addition to the piloting of the Shandong region and the opening of six major marketing centres and 13 offices in Shandong. By 2019, the company continued to refine and the concept of expansion in the province revolved around "Backlight Breaks, Perimeter Radiation, Trail Development".
To change the layout from 2+5+n in 2018 to 1+2+4+n in 2019 (1 for Shandong, 2 for Shanghai + Beijing, 4 for Henan, Anhui, Jiangxi and Zhejiang, four provinces around Jiangsu); in line with the 14th Five-Year Plan, the provincial layout will take the lead in surrounding Jiangsu and long-triangular integration. The Shandong market will continue to operate according to its original resource and focus, but the company will continue to operate.
Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Shanghai as a more important market.
Priority one: Continue to promote branding capacity and increase recruitment The firm determination of companies to expand out-of-town and rising out-of-town incomes continued to rise. By 2019, revenues had increased by $309 million, from 2014 to 2019, at a compound rate of 19.68 per cent, representing an increase in total revenue from 5.3 per cent in 2014.
Real-estate wines go out of the country on the basis of their brands and products, and marketing is the basis for branding. From 2010, the company launched an advertisement to the public eye, and continued to run a public-interest search program under the name cctv-1, with public-interest resources, a lot of good talk, and the transmission of positive energy, together with a culture-renewal perspective; Xinhua was selected for the National Brand Project at United Nations Headquarters.
In comparison with the share of advertising, national publicity and local advertising were equally active, with national advertising accounting for 47% of total advertising expenditure in 2019 and local advertising 53%.
The company is in the middle of a long term, with an increase in the share of out-of-town income relative to the number of distributors, which increased by 55.68 per cent in the year 2019, and by the end of 2019, with a net increase of 152 subscribers.
There are 425 cumulative dealers outside the province, and for the first time more than within the province. As of 2020q3, the rate of increase outside the province has remained high at 34.03 per cent. According to company announcements, the number of dealers outside the province will reach about 1,200 by 2025 and more than 1,500 by the year 2025, while the number of developing municipalities outside the province will reach more than 230, with an average coverage rate of more than 70 per cent.
More than 1,100 districts, with an average coverage rate of over 40 per cent.
In May 2018, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed with Zhejiang, in April 2019, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed between Yutsu and Begawa, and in October 2019, cooperation agreements were signed with seven Shanghai traders, such as Shanghai Jianqiang. (1) Zhejiang is a leading Chinese business in the liquor and water industry, and after more than 20 years of cultivation, it has been achieved by wholesalers and brands.
The transformation of operators, conduits, and supply chain value-added service providers has multiple advantages in resource matching and operational experience. As one of the priority segments of the company’s out-of-country expansion efforts, the river has been able to form a joint market with commercial sources, setting up a series of national affiliations, starting with Hangzhou, Ka Heung, and Lake County, to gradually roll out the layout of Zhejiang. (2) The Begawan brand is a famous bottle of wine and glossy.
According to the network of officials, there are 22 Beichuan Channel Operators, including one municipality in the three provinces of Gaijiang, with more than 600 direct service city-level distributors, more than 200,000 control terminal points, and strong access control, supply chain systems, and extensive experience in drinking and water operations in Anhui market. It is also one of the most important out-of-town layouts of the world, and since the company's collaboration with Begawa,
Mainly based on the national line, consumer development is carried out through the development of a core door shop and a small network of points, with the aim of creating depth in the Suzhou market, a breadth in Shanghai, and a breadth in Angkor to find breakthroughs in the East China market.
In 2019, in various regions of the provincial and extra-provincial markets, sales income from Shandong, Shanghai and Beijing was close to $1 million.
The six markets of Jiangxi, Zhejiang, Hunan and Guangdong generate more than $30 million. By 2020, the company plans to sell more than $1 billion in the five regions of Shandong, Shanghai, Beijing, Henan, Anhui, Jiangxi, Hunan, Guangdong, Hubei, Guangxi, and Guangxi.
In 19 years of expansion outside the province, the company opted for the first market, a marketing centre in Shandong, and an excellent regional manager from within the province to develop the market. From the size of the market, Shandong is the province of the population, the province of white wine, and the province of white wine.
The market is more than $40 billion and the market space is larger; the drinking habits of Shandong border Jiangsu, where the spirit of alcohol is the highest in the country, and the local drinkers prefer the medium white wine, with the main price remaining between $100 and $300. The company’s strategy is to push 42 degrees of the world’s 100-200-bit product, in line with the preference of the main consumption population in Shandong, and purchasing power such as Qingdao.
The market in Shandong has been growing exponentially since 2019.3 The idea of a breakthrough outside the province was clear, and efforts were made to create a second growth pole for companies. At the 2021 Congress on Development in the World, the company had a clear plan for a breakthrough outside the province.
Speeding up the layout or upgrading of the world's brands also requires the effective landing of three major brand campaigns, except for the fact that markets within and outside the province are at different stages of development because of the need to strengthen the holistic thinking of a game of chess within and outside the province, focus on the stage of market development and regional client differentiation, the systematic implementation of the three major trades campaigns, the classification of the product lines, the continuous optimization of the replication model, and the acceleration of the promotion of provincial replication.
In 2021, in particular, the company will gradually set up an intra- and intra-provincial support mechanism, choosing out-of-provincial priorities. Market-focused clients will set up matchmaking mechanisms with provincial regions and high-quality senior clients, and actively explore business models in enclave markets.
The company is still under development in the provinces, with a small per capita sales income from distributors, but with an upward trend in volatility. We believe that, with a sustained focus on the development of out-of-provincial markets, differentiated inputs, the company’s brands and qualities, brands, and channels will become available.
With positive feedback, it is also expected that the company’s products will gain a sustained and strong push from outside the province to achieve a gradual increase in consumer purchasing rates. According to the company’s target of “purchasing some 1,200 out-of-town distributors by 2025, over 1,500 specialized stores”, fourth, profit forecasting and investment advice.
Looking back at 2020, the epidemic made it impossible to reach the target for the beginning of the year, but historically the company's goal was higher. The company sent billions of yuan a year earlier, an increase of about 6.3 per cent. As a result of the epidemic, corporate sales in the first half of the year were blocked, and positive growth was achieved by catching up in the second half of the year, but it was not consistent with the goals set by the company at the beginning of the year.
The accuracy of the agreement is high, and we have reason to believe management’s certainty about each year’s performance and the company’s actual ability to market. By product, according to the company’s announcement, the year 2020 V was an annual income of $260 million, which continued to grow at a high rate, k was a revenue of about $3 billion, the national series continued to grow at a rapid rate, and the world-end series generated revenues of around $1.17 billion; and from the disclosure point of view.
In a way, the sale of ta+ products has grown well, with incomes rising by more than 13%, the share of companies rising to 60%, the product structure is still rising, the company is gradually gaining ground at the lower end and the higher end of the price band, and the company is handing over a product structure that continues to improve at a significant test of the epidemic, with revenues/profits remaining growing at a fast rate. Foresight, 1455, the company proposes a revenue of 10 billion.
At the same time, the company’s branding capacity has been growing both within and outside the province, and its product structure has been increasing, under the assumption that the company’s product structure has been constantly improving, replacing it with a new one, and that the higher-end and above ratio of products has contributed to the company’s increasing Māori ratio. On the other hand, at the cost side, the company has achieved remarkable results in the past five years in terms of precision farming and out-of-country expansion.
The company is now at the beginning of the new five-year journey, and we expect to continue to increase the demand for cost inputs as it expands beyond the province, engages in business and upgrades brand power; and in the province, as the input of brands of white wine increases and local competition increases, companies have declined each year, but have maintained a sales cost rate of around 17 per cent in 2021-2022.
In our view, the prices of the company’s products are in an expanding price belt, brands are growing, channels are well constructed, and products are matched, there is much room for depression in the province, and extra-provincial expansion is taking a step forward. While the epidemic slows down but does not undermine the company’s long-term growth logic, the company is still at a high pace.
The growth of white wine is more relevant to economic levels and purchasing power, and a slowdown in macroeconomics and a decline in purchasing power levels will have an impact on rising consumption in the price belt, with industry growth at less than expected risk. Competition increases the risk.
Competition has increased, firms have not responded adequately, and there are less than expected risks in terms of growth in corporate revenue within the province; the off-provincial market is still in the early stages of expansion, and if branding is not favoured by consumers, there is less risk that out-of-provincial expansion will increase.