The product is rapidly upgraded, the depth of the economy is sunk, and the target is five years high. The world is one of the world's leading wines, with state-owned holdings but flexible mechanisms. The product is rapidly upgraded, and the speed is ahead.
There is still much room for improvement in the city and city of the province, and it is expected that the market outside the province will be one of the most powerful, State-owned but flexible mechanisms. (1) The world is one of the most powerful, known wine genes, and formerly a high-trenched wine factory, one of the representatives of Jiangsu's “Suchu I”. (2)
Incentives are constantly improving. The company’s governance structure is state-owned, managed, managed, employees and executives have a combined share of more than 15%. (3) The core management team recognizes the industry.
The product is rapidly upgraded, leads the industry, and fully enjoys sub-high-end expansion. (1) Jiangsu province is well-developed, with high per capita consumption and consumption upscaling.
Intra-mainstream consumer prices have been raised to over $300, while the share of products in the world today whose prices are over $300 has exceeded 60%. (2) The company now owns three major brands: high ditches, present-day and national, covering low, middle and high price bands.
The income ratio is more than half, while the national origin v is a promising growth point. According to the company’s five-year strategic plan, the company plans for 20-25 years.
The Bureau is relatively simple. Moreover, the company’s large monolithic state has just been upgraded, and the provincial branding can be formed and is still in the long term. (4) State v is a price belt of over $700, and the internal fractures have become v3, v6, v9, v3 and the dream 6+ will share the expansion of Jiangsu's high-end prices.
So far, the v3 channel is more profitable, the provincial interior is still incomplete, and there's still more room for improvement. National v9 is the white wine of Qing Ya, and the price is right in front of the first line of the white wine, and we think the company will take advantage of the warmth of the sauce and catch the super-high machine in the province.
In Jiangsu province, the size of white wine is around 50 billion, with the net debt ratio (%) for the world economy and the world economy, respectively.
30%, 10%. Nanjing, Huai An, Salt City is a powerful market for companies in the provinces, with the provincial capital city, the Constellation Group Ltd., having a virtuous circle, mainly in terms of price stability, low stocking, rapid sales, with brand power.
There is much room for future upgrading in weak regions of the province. (2) Outside the province is still under development, and it is difficult for regional brands to expand their markets outside the province, but the 14th Five-Year Plan has a clear path and provides room for imagination to make a breakthrough out of the province.
As the company's sub-high-end brand, the internal incentives are expected to move forward, with excellent product structures, competitively squeezed, under-saled products and a backlog of channels in the province.
Qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations Food beverages: Beverage manufacture
History has changed: one of Su's leaders, one of Su's leaders, one of Su's leaders in the world, and one of his own. This world is located in the town of Gou, Jiaqua, Jiangsu province, formerly a high ravine factory, and one of the representatives of Jiangsu's “squares” (twigs, ditches, high ravines, and ocean rivers).
In 2005, the company converted its state-owned shares into state-owned holdings, effectively controlling the people’s government in the county. The company continues to improve its governance mechanisms, and its performance is improving year by year, with a shareboard listing in 2014.
Chart 1. The main wines in the six major areas of Chinese wine production. Chart 2. History, income and profits.
In 1949, local State-run factories were set up in Suhua County at 24 per cent and 24.6 per cent.
In 1996, a brand name for the present world was created, and in 1997, a new body corporate was created.
In 2004, the brand name of the State was created, and in 2005 the company was fully owned by the State and managed by the State.
Corporate governance: State-owned ownership but flexible mechanisms, looking forward to incentives to move forward
The governance structure of the company is State-owned, operating a layer of participation, and the combined shareholding of employees and executives exceeds 15%. The company is a state-owned holding enterprise, with real control over the people’s government of the county.
Through the company ' s late and continuous capital build-up, in February 2010, the company ' s executives held 8.89% of the total shares. In addition, the company ' s employees and executives held more than 15% of the shares. In our view, the company is a country, although it is a country.
In April 2020, the company launched a draft equity incentive, and looks forward to further progress. According to the company announcement, in April 2020, the Department issued a draft equity incentive scheme, which proposes to grant 12.5 million stock options to the incentive audience, which is around the time of the draft announcement.
Senior managers of the division (5), core technicians and management cadres. The first stock options were awarded at the price of $29.06 per cent. At the performance statement for the third quarter of 20 years, it was stated that the options incentive programme was currently at the communication stage with government authorities, and that it was important to address the adjustment of the base period, and if progress was made, it would be announced in a timely manner.
The core management team leads the company's rapid growth, the core management team is well aware of the industry, is good at keeping track of the industry's trends, and the products and channels are prioritized. The core management team is good at seizing the industry's opportunities and setting up the high-end white wine industry many years ahead. Looking back at the company's development, we think it's been a high-speed company in recent years.
Developments have benefited from early strategic deployments by management in early years, as well as from a grasp of trends in the industry. (1) In terms of products, the present world is located in the banquet market, and in 2004 a “state” brand was created, leading high-end price belts, laying the groundwork for sub-high-end upgrades during the 13th Five-Year Period.
From 2016 to 2020, the company ' s a+ (plant offerings over $300) product, cagr, was 35%, with a 75% national branding ratio, and the company fully enjoyed the jump-up dividend of the current round of alcohol consumption structure. (2) On the channel, the group purchasing channel was pre-arranged. The group acquired its home, selling 60% of its product mainly by group buying resources through a consortium.
From 2016 to 2020, the provincial capital market, the capr in Nanjing, was 38.5%, and we believe that the provincial capital city, as a high point of intra-provincial consumption, has a strong leadership role in other regions of the province. (3) In terms of capacity, in view of the future medium- and long-term development of demand for quality raw wine, the company has been investing in expanding production to ensure a higher level in the later stages.
In 2008, the company invested 1.2 billion in expansion; in 2019, it again invested 1.47 billion in the construction of “50,000 tons of pottery”, “intelligent irrigation centres” and “Automated 3-storage logistics centres.” With the completion of the project, the company’s capacity for storage of high-quality wine pots will be raised from the existing 50,000 tons to 100,000 tons. The packaging workshop’s irrigation capacity will be 85,000 tons per year closer to the theoretical capacity from the present 40,000 tons/year.
According to the company announcement, in November 2020, Mr. Zhou So-ming resigned from the post of Managing Director of the company for reasons related to the restructuring of his work, but still held the position of Managing Director of the company. The company hired Mr. Xiang Jing to serve as Managing Director of the present world.
The changes will not have a significant impact on the direction of the company’s business.
In 2015 - 2020, income and profits in the white wine industry were 10% and 20.2%, respectively, and we judged that per capita consumption was likely to decline, but consumption structure jumped and industry concentration rose significantly. With the continued leadership of the mast at the super-high end, the next two to three years of high prices and the 1,000-dollar band will expand rapidly.
The class is above the wind, and more importantly, the main price card is at the sub-higher end, and the product is at the same level as the price. We believe that the main product, the price of which is in this zone, has the opportunity of all kinds of fragrant wine, including fragrances and kernels.
According to the Jiangsu Industry Association, by the end of 2019, the size of the province’s 200-600-bit price belt was close to 50%, and the second-high-end price range ranked ahead of the industry. According to mainstream consumer prices in the province, since 2015 the main price belt in Jiangsu has risen to over $300.
In the course of the year, in Jiangsu province, the cognac price was 10.9 per cent, 13.9 per cent, in the year 2020, 129,000 yuan per ton, 160,000 yuan per ton per ton and 3.8 per cent per ton per ton per year, respectively, respectively, and we believe that, in the context of sub-high-end expansion, the performance elasticity resulting from the upgrading of the structure of the product in Jiangsu is fully enjoyed by the world.
The three brands of the company cover different price bands, taking advantage of the rising trend in the industry, the company now owns three brands, one for the low, the middle and the high price bands. The three brands contribute to the development of the world at different times.
One of the representatives of Su's “Su's Trench” (the Trench, the Trench, the Trench, and the Ocean River) has made good preparations for the company's early development. The world brand was created in 1996 and the director of the company, Zhou So-ming, after taking office in 2000, wrote about the worldly brand around the family, highlighting “China's weddings”, upgrading the brand claim of “the family is happy, drinking the world's secrets” and focusing on the development of a detailed market for weddings and weddings.
In 2004, companies responded to industry trends by launching high-end business wine brands. This round of white wine, rising consumption in Jiangsu, changing the structure of public goods, and the early launch of national brands paved the way for companies to take the second-high-end rise.
In order to raise brand heights, the brands highlight the word “country” and position the value of the “more comfortable medium-high-end white wine” and the brand claim of “a big deal.” In the future, the department’s leading brands will gradually be upgraded from provincial brands to national brands, and sub-high-end expansion and super-high-end differentiation opportunities will be seized.
China's first brand of wine, branding: daily consumption by the general public, Chinese high-end medium-level business wine.
Marketing strategy: community breeding, town farming, weddings, weddings, weddings, day-to-day promotions, nationalization of dominant brands.
Price range: 10.0% of the public price. According to the company ' s public exchange with investors in November 2020, the share of the company ' s three brands in total revenue is about 65%, the prices of the product are set at 300-600. The national vs (v3, v6, v9) is the first competition.
With the transition to the upper end of Jiangsu province to the upper end of the border, the leading price belt will be upgraded in the national v series, and the national k system will gradually be upgraded to the v. The national origin will be upgraded in the future, and the national v will be expected to become a new growth point in the future.
From 2019 to 2020, the Dream series and the State k series were upgraded. In December 2020, the present generation issued a notice of adjustment to the State: (1) from January to March 2021, the price of the plant was adjusted at $10 per bottle per month and the price of the product was adjusted simultaneously.
Retail prices and group purchase prices. (2) From February 2021, the company will gradually reduce its current sales orders at the end of the market, in preparation for the opening of the fourth generation of the fourth generation. In the first half of 2020, the price of the fourth generation is also running low, at a minimum of $380-385, and the profits of the end-end and distributors are lower than before.
As a result of the company’s announcement that the 2020 k series achieved sales revenues of $3 billion, which represented nearly 60% of the revenue, four of which contributed half of the income of the old k, to the company’s first single item. After the price of the product has been adjusted upwards, the closing price for the four countries will be adjusted from the previous $410-420.
In the first half of the 20 years, there was a decline in the price of the first batch, and in the third batch of the ocean's dream and the final offer.
The price of the country’s opening line is relatively simple. The price of $400-500 in the province is a major collection of more than 1 billion people selling wine, in the Ocean River Dream 3, the present world, the sword and the south spring. The price of Seng Namchun is a country-wide 10 billion singles, the size of the Ocean River Dream3 is about 2 billion, and the price of the world has grown to over 1 billion singles in recent years, so it is a competitive environment.
Inversely, the $100-300 price band is a red-sea competition for local wines, and the share of the market in this price band is divided between the sea, the sky, the lightness of the country’s origins, the jua, the museum, and so forth. The state-wide open system, with its control-sharing model, is still in its long term, and there is much room for improvement in the city’s share.
In September 2020, the company introduced quota management based on the original control fee, while using information to ensure the stability of the price system. According to the announcement of the Department, the sale of 3 billion United States dollars in 2020 and the company's planned sales target for 2025 were 5.5 billion United States dollars.
The share of income is close to 60% as a single item of the company, but there is still room for a much higher share of the city than in the province. At present, the branding and customer base of the state-owned province is strong, and the path to future sales growth is mainly from the continued expansion of the sub-high end and the filling and sinking of the weak regions.
The rise in market share and the expansion of mainstream consumption on a day-to-day basis, the old k department continues to dig deep into the dominant consumer groups that consolidate pre-existing political businesses, creating a resonance between the purchase and circulation channels. The 14th Five-Year Plan sets higher-income targets for the national v series, and the future of the national V series is expected to become the next growth point for companies.
In terms of the rate of consumption escalation in Jiangsu province, there is a trend towards sub-high-end transition to high-end prices along the border, and the strategic layout of the world economyv is based on an improved product structure. According to the company’s 1455 plan, the company received 100 billion dollars in 2025, with a share of products, v and 10%. In terms of the planned target, the income ratio of the national v series will increase steadily, and the income ratio will rise from 5% to 20% in 2020.
It's the next growth point in the chain. It's a single item. From the structure of the product, it's a price band of over $700 for the current series V, with a total income of 5 per cent for 2020, and the firm's position as the first competitive strategic system. V series has broken into v3, v6, v9, with a final exchange price of 700-730, respectively.
From the distribution of product price bands, v3 and Dream 6+, while competing in different places, will in the future be large single items for around $700, enjoying the enhanced quality of Jiangsu's high-end price belts. The company’s strategy for V3 is also high, and the end profit is now high for V3, the provincial channel layout is not complete, and there is much room for improvement in the future.
In August 2019, State v9 came to the market, with an image price set at $2299 for the Qing Ya's style, and in the province of Buang Jiangsu, wine produced in the high end. According to company announcements, 2020 and State v9, sales of $128 million were made.
The Ministry of Industry, for its part, will increase significantly in volume in the future as channels are better configured and marketing is enhanced. In the 14th Five-Year Plan, the sales of the national V series are targeted at around $2 billion (about $260 million in 2020). For the world, using the warmness of the sauce and the alcohol, it is expected that the high-end opportunities in the province will be seized by around $2,000, which will be an important complement to the product line.
The company’s current production capacity supports the future normal functioning of the national v9. The company currently has three workshops where the southern plant area will be operational in 2021 and the southern sector will be used mainly for the production of the varnish products.
Intra-provincial markets continue to grow, extra-provincial markets break out, provincial markets continue to compete, and there is still much room for improvement in the weak regions. In terms of the region’s reputation for alcohol and income, there is still much room for improvement in the provinces.
White wine is about 50 billion, of which the cities of Yoyo River and Today account for 30% and 10% respectively. There are six regions in the province: Huai An, Nanjing, Sunan, Su, Salt City, and Xuzhou, of which Nanjing, Huaan, Salt City are the most powerful regions of the world today, with incomes ranging from 28%, 22%, and 14% respectively.
The city’s cagr is over 18%. This is thanks to the company’s early deployment, which began in 2004 with the creation of the national brand, in the Nanjing and Huaan regions of the provincial capital, and later in the provinces of Neo-Sunan, Huai-hai, etc. As brand power rises, there is still much room for improvement in the weak regions of the province.
Figure 23. Share of income within and outside the province of present-day life, which has created a solid base in Nanjing, the provincial capital market. Nanjing market, as the capital market, has a market capacity of more than 7 billion people in Jiangsu province. Nanjing became the company’s largest market in Jiangsu province, with 27.6% of the company’s income in 2020, compared to 27.6% in Nanjing.
There's an extra 5.0 pct on the market, and the present world's position in the Nanjing market continues to be strong. The market's share of the present world is around 20%, and we still think there's some room for upwards. Since 2018, we believe that the company's continued high growth in the Nanjing market has been due mainly to the following reasons: the early deployment of the Nanjing market, the deep roots of the channels, and the firm's solid work in the consumer chain.
In the area of public and commercial consumption, national brands have been promoted, the round of white wine consumption has been upgraded, corporate opinion leaders have been raised in early years to lead conglomerates, and the trend towards national branding has become popular, and companies have fully benefited from the growth of product structure has led to performance growth. As the channels have been more powerful, they have led to price stability, low inventories, and better sales, which in turn have strengthened the channels and led to good growth.
The success of the Nanjing market has helped to expand deeply in other regions. The provincial capital city represents a regional high point in consumption, leading consumption trends that help the weak regions of the province to sink and build brands.
The Division is in a clear upward trend, adding to the successful spillover effects of the provincial capital market, and other regions of the province are expected to show a faster increase. (1) Channel end: "Short buying plus circulation" resonance, which helps to keep up the volume. As the channel layout continues to improve, the company's image in terms of channel reform becomes a resonance of the channel of acquisition and circulation, the company's disclosure in the public exchange of investors, the core items of the world's past two years, and the opposite.
At the end of the product: there is a clear structural advantage in the product, which is growing faster by the wind of rising consumption. Prices for products of the present world are extended more widely, with firms at the lower end and above accounting for 60% of their earnings, and product lines are configured with competitive advantages.
In 2019, companies increased their presence in the weak regions, where incomes rose significantly, from 640 million to 600 million, compared with 21 per cent.
South Sudan is the leading region in terms of economic development and, in the long term, more important in terms of strategic development. (1) In other regions of the region’s leading economy, businesses are using alcohol than in other regions, and consumption is expected to increase faster than in other regions, with mainstream prices either leaping to 400-600. (2) South Sudan’s consumption per capita is the highest in the province, and foreign wine is a necessity, such as the Jiangsu market being the size of the wellhouse sales.
The market is ranked first, mainly in South Sudan. This is the natural advantage of the world as a land-based wine in terms of opening channels, drawing on the successful experience of the former province’s markets in terms of sinking channels, product structures, terminal network layouts, and opinion leaders’ nurturing.
Figure 25. The number of dealers in the South and Central Sudan regions has risen faster. Figure 26. The share of income in the world economy is higher than in the top three markets. Regional branding is difficult to expand out-of-country markets, but companies have a clear path to implementation and plan to make a breakthrough in five years.
As of 2020, there were 948 company dealers, of whom 548 were out of the country, double the number in 2018. Over the last two years, companies have increased their advertising fees and sales personnel, and we have judged that this is related to the company’s acceleration of its outreach. In 2020, there were 1074 salesmen, up from 2018.
In terms of income, there has been no significant improvement. We have judged the world as a regional brand, adding the product to the "China's first brand of hymn", so there are limitations, both in terms of brand height and consumption. The company has been setting up the market outside the province since 2017, but much of its energy and resources are still being saved. In the last two years, as the market position within the province has become stronger, the company will come up with one.
The distribution of energy and resources in the out-of-town market is one-by-one breakthrough. The product side, with the continuous fission and upgrading within the national v series, and the introduction of the national v9 by companies in response to the popular trend of soy sauce, breaks the previous limitations on brand positioning and creates the concept of “out-of-the-box” ten-year old wine in terms of product quality, which is consistent with industry trends in the medium to long term.
Figure 27. The growth of the extra-provincial market since 2018 shows that the company’s strategic approach to the off-provincial market is relatively clear. During the 14th Five-Year Period, the off-provincial market is expected to enter (1) 2017-2018. The company implemented the “2+5+n” strategy of building the Beijing, Shanghai Model Markets to further expand Shandong, Henan and Shandong.
As far as the market is concerned, the company has developed a strategy of “neighborhood radiation, priority breakthroughs” and has made steady progress. From the practical implementation path, the company planned a local market for the business of Begawa and Zhejiang in 2018, based on the “counties are the focus” of its precision target.
According to the results, the company’s 13 local marketing centres and 70 municipal and district offices were fully growing, according to the company’s deputy general manager, Wu Fung-hoo, at the conference on the development of the world’s future 2018. In the Shandong market six marketing centres were set up, upgrading Shandong market to the first region outside the province, and allocating resources to the province.
According to an open exchange between corporate investors, in 2019, the revenue collection in Shandong was largely in line with corporate expectations. (3) In 2020, the company took the initiative to create regional plates outside the province, speed up the Director's triangle, build on the long-triangular, large strategic market perimeter irradiated areas, continue to strengthen Shandong and Henan markets, build a 500-70 million dollar model provincial market and use Kyoto, Pearl Triangle,
Jiangsu has a well-developed economy, with high per capita consumption, and rising consumption at the national level. This round of white wine, with the main consumer prices in the province, has risen.
Over $300, the size of the province’s 200-600-bit belt is close to 50%, while the current generation’s value of more than $300-plus products is over 60%. In the last two years, there has been a marked increase in the tonnage of ocean rivers and the present world.
In terms of product planning, the country’s opening line is still the company’s first-largest, while the country’s v is a promising growth pole. In terms of regional planning, the company accounts for 10% of the total number of cities and towns in the provinces, and there is still much room for improvement.
In summary, we believe that there is still much room for companies to move up and have a valuation advantage. The company, as a sub-high-end wine, has an internal incentive that can be expected, the macro-environment is not as fast as expected, consumption is not as fast as expected, consumption demand is falling, competition is squeezed in the provinces, products are not sold as expected, and there is a backlog of channels.
The outreach outside the province was not as fast as expected and the previous plan was not completed.