Capital growth, technology empowerment, transformational development to enhance competitive advantage - In-depth report by the Huatay Securities Corporation (WAS) In-depth study/non-bank finance
• A significant increase in capital strength, technological empowerment, $14.2 billion, and net capital size is expected to reach the fifth largest in the industry. (2) Business collections, technology endowments, in the first quarter of 2018, continue to improve the competitiveness of the industry.
• Implementation of a strategy to transform wealth management and investment systems have continued to increase the size of the financial assets of our population, which are expected to increase to $2.2 trillion in 2021, with significant demand for specialized and personalized wealth management. The share of the market in corporate stock-based transactions is currently 7.7 per cent.
The company plans to expand the size of its workforce, focusing on the system of investment, to begin with the B2b2c model of wealth management and accelerate the implementation of its wealth management transformation strategy.
The unit is ranked fifth in the industry in comparison with the 300-degree trend. In a highly regulated environment, the company's investment industry has severely shut down its quality, with 92% of the project overperformance in 2018 leading the industry, and the company's net revenue of $407 million a quarter.
+4.2%, which is better than the overall level of 29% of listed securities, and is expected to maintain robust business income during the year. • Maintain a proactive management direction, while managing business income keeps growing.
The firm’s commitment to increasing capital capacity will help expand the size of the business, benefit directly from capital intermediation, and further leverage the advantages of M & As restructuring and proactive management of business.
The leading brokerage cities provide a solid foundation for the transformation of wealth management. Autonomous research and development inputs to enable companies to achieve technological empowerment, including through the use of accostmark investment in services, and the synergy of strategic investors in leading domestic power suppliers, are expected to accelerate the implementation of the transformation strategy.
1. People for Life, Silver Weekly 2018006: Trade frictions Volatility in capital markets, flat valuations back down Good for healthy development, focus on reported performance in AfDB
3. Stable market expectations with new rules, AfDB valuation repairs, significant capital growth, and information-building to enhance competitiveness
In November, with the approval of the CSRC, the company as a whole changed to “Walthai Securities Co. Ltd.” and increased its registered capital to 4.5 billion.
As of the first quarter of 2018, the company’s top ten shareholder structures were owned by the Jiangsu State Finance Committee, which effectively controls the company’s executives.
Locally developed economic resources in the province of Totjansu, driven by regional advantages and the Internet voucher development strategy, have rapidly grown from regional to national consolidated bond dealers over the past decade. As of 2017, the company had 242 branches and 29 branches.
The offshore agencies include fully-owned subsidiaries, Hua Tai King (Hong Kong) and holding stocksetmark. The Equity South Fund, the Wah Teibury Fund, Jiangsu Bank, and the Kimpo Industrial Investment Fund have significantly increased capital strength and industry dominance.
Since 2007, when the company was transformed into a joint-stock company, the firm’s capital size has grown rapidly through a+h listing. In February 2010, it was placed on the board, raising $15.7 billion in funds, and in June 2015, when it was made public, raising about $4 billion in net assets.
The participants in the increase are Ali Baba network technology, Sunning Repurchase Group, Anshin Securities, China State-owned Enterprise Structural Adjustment Fund, Shanghai-North Shin Shwe Investment Management, Sunshine Risk. After the increase, Ali Baba, Suning-e-purchase, An Xin securities holding 3.25%, 3.16%, and 3.00% of the pre-enrollment.
Ten major shareholders. With the implementation of the firm increase in Huatai securities, the net capital size will increase significantly, and it is expected to reach the fifth largest marketer.
Level. Corporate revenue, net profit and interest, increased by 13.4 per cent and 43.1 per cent in the first quarter of 2018, better than listed bonds, by a quarter-0.5 per cent, and figure 7: The performance of thehua-Thai securities in 2017 increased significantly better than the industry level, covering the entire business chain, with the net asset return remaining at the forefront.
Four major segments of financial management and international operations. Industry leadership in brokering, merger restructuring, capital intermediation, asset management, and asset securitization. Net asset returns ranked first in 2017, showing good corporate self-employment, management of business revenues doubled from year to year, leading to significant improvements in corporate performance by the first quarter of 2018.
As a result of fluctuations in market dynamics, the share of self-employment income has declined to 21 per cent, the brokering business has risen to 23 per cent, there has been a significant increase in operating income, other business income, the release of investment returns from joint ventures and joint ventures, and the promotion of a 13 per cent and 43 per cent increase in corporate revenue on a first-quarter basis, with positive growth, with robust performance expected throughout the year.
Figure 9: A decline in the self-employment ratio of the corporate business structure in the first quarter of 2018, an increase in the share of other businesses (iii) sustained autonomous R & D investment, technological empowerment for competitiveness
Over three years, cumulative expenditures amounted to 996 million yuan, ranking first among the listed dealers.) With autonomous R & D as the main instrument, IT built up to upgrade and strengthen the capacity of integrated financial services: 1) upgrading the marketing services platform using financial services technology to optimize client services; 2) optimizing the investment advisory work platform and strengthening integrated financial services; 3)
The introduction of smart financial terminals matic and an insight platform constantly upgrades professional service capabilities to meet the needs of a large number of clients. Continuous investment in research and development to build an efficient medium- and back-office IT system for companies can reflect the company ' s own business needs in a timely manner, avoid the lag in outsourcing systems and reduce the company ' s operating costs and efficiency. 2017
Companies have a strong Internet development strategy, and there is a strong on-line advantage. In 2014, mobile-end applications of “Growing Wealth” were introduced, and monthly e-show data show a monthly activity of 6.04 million people, with a 2% ring growth rate, projected for 2018.
Second, wealth management: accelerating the transformation of brokering, increasing the size of the workforce (i) focusing on investment advisers and accelerating the pace of the transformation of wealth management
There is a clear space for wealth management development, and the provision of specialized services is key. The size of the financial assets of our residents has continued to grow, and the disposable income of one person has continued to rise. The wealth of China’s individuals and high-value persons (with financial assets exceeding 6 million yuan) has been the second largest private wealth in Asia and the Pacific and the second largest in the world in the past decade, and the total amount of personal investable financial assets is 126 trillion yuan.
In 2016-2021, the number of high-net households was expected to maintain an annual growth rate of 15%, with private investable financial assets expected to grow to 2.2 trillion yuan in 2021.
In response, the securities have adopted a differentiated system of services designed to strengthen the central role of the financial products sector, and to respond to the needs of different client groups by providing specialized, differentiated, personalized wealth management services.
The leading industry in managing transformational development was widely concerned with the acquisition by its wholly-owned subsidiary of an ensetmarkfinal holdings, inc. and the achievement of absolute ownership in 2016, which was an important step in implementing the transformational development of wealth management, drawing on best overseas experience 2) 2016-2017, building up a client hierarchy of services and improving the service architecture.
The core of these is the Financial Products Department, which assumes the function of creating products and is a key sector in the provision of comprehensive, high-quality product services. Sub-firms, the Department of Brokering and Wealth Management, and the cyber-finance sector provide personalized and standardized services for a large client base.
3) The year 2018 is an important stage of development, with a system of investment at its core, strengthening the investment workforce. With the fast-growing trend in private investment demand, the Voltaic securities of 2018 have a central strategy for accelerating the transformation of wealth management. By the end of 2017, the number of corporate investment advisers had reached 1,700, with a 25.4% share, well above the industry 11.8%.
As of June 2018, the number of investment advisers registered in the Huaitai securities was close to 2,000, and the company launched the 1,000-person scheme in 2018. The plan is to expand the size of the investment advisers to 3,000 and is expected to reach a level of industry leadership. Currently, the wealth management strategy is the company's top development strategy, with the size of the clientele expanding in 2018 and turning around.
A key step in this development, with the goal of providing specialized asset allocation services and business-wide (ii) brokering, guided by client demand, keeping industry at the forefront and laying a solid foundation for the transformation of wealth management, maintaining Internet voucher margins over the long term, and using IT technology to reduce operating costs.
As of March 2018, the share of the market in the stock-based stock exchange was 7.7%, ranking highest in the industry. Most of the benefits were from companies’ pre-existing low commission strategies and Internet-based flows.
In 2014, it became the second largest industry with 6.1% of the market share. In 2014, it became easier to start strategic cooperation with the Internet to increase client attraction.
At the same time as maintaining low commission rates, Huatai securities, while reducing the cost of receiving customers and systems through the Internet, the use of IT technology, is a key step in the transformation of brokering. Capital intermediation benefits from the advantages of brokering, and the expected increase in completion will drive further capital intermediation.
At the same time, there has been a significant increase in the size of the Chinese portfolio, which in 2017 was close to $150 billion. Of this total, the size of the business was 58,813 million yuan, with a market share of 5.73%, the second largest in the industry. The stock of stock pledge buy-backs in companies contributed to the growth of the size of the business.
(iii) Harnessing the co-benefits of the assetmark, the initial B2b2c business model, looking forward to the transformation of wealth management, and the co-benefits of the assetmark are to be expected. The acquisition of the assetmark is a key step in the transformation of wealth management and internationalization of thehua-Thai securities, and is an important platform and technology support for future transformational development.
The country ' s assetmark is the leading Tamp platform in the United States (turnkeyassetmanagementplatform, one-stop wealth management full-service platform), providing third-party financial services to investment advisers, including investment strategies, portfolio management, customer relationship management, asset hosting, etc.
The total assets ofassetmark in 2015 were $381 million, net assets $138 million, operating income was $158 million, representing a 31 per cent increase in comparison with 31 per cent, a 9.5 per cent market share in the United States Tamp industry, ranked third, with services over 7,100 independent investment advisers, an increase of about 4 per cent compared with the previous year; platform services amounted to 19,96,000 terminal accounts, an increase of approximately 21 per cent compared with the previous year, covering about 21 per cent.
The logic of profit in the tamp model: more efficient investment and a fee for services. America’s personal investment system is unique in that it allows it to fight alone without a team, but it means that it requires a lot of basic research work.
Instead, the position of investing in real wealth creation lies in direct interface with clients and personalized customized services, thereby charging high commissions, and thus investing in basic jobs can be outsourced to Tamp, focusing on personalized services. The application of the b2b2c model is a focus, and the mature experience of the assetmark will play an important role.
The leading investment services and technology solutions will help to transform the wealth management of thehua-Thai securities. The initial B2b2c model was developed in 2017 with a service platform that provides third-party financial services to investment advisers and helps them to position their clients accurately. The service model of the tamp platform is essentially “b2b”, which provides third-party services to investment advisers.
Using market-based co-mutual products, and using efficient methods, individualized packaging services are provided to each client, tailored and customized asset allocation packages are achieved, but do not directly serve the final customer. Thus, the middle ring of b2b2c provides wealth management services to investors through voucher dealers.
The company actively builds on the mature experience and technology of the setmark in the construction of its investment platform, provides technical support and services to the WAPI system, helps the WAI consultant focus on targeting a variety of investors, stratification and positioning, and provides specialized and personalized investment advisory services. The "b2b2c" model is therefore a "tamp platform and investment watch " .
Questions about the integration of the platform into an investment adviser-centred investment services system for individual investors, promoting effective communication between investment advisers and investors through the provision of wealth management solutions and platform technical support, and improving wealth management of thehua-Thai portfolio, figure 16: b2b2c models can enhance the efficiency and quality of investment advisers' services
Technology can develop and build core competitiveness in the future. The US Tamp market has a 13% annual compound growth rate, and our wealth management market also has a huge space: 1) in retail operations, there is an increasing demand for specialized investment for high-net customers.
As of May 2018, the size of our private fund management assets was 2.5 trillion yuan, equity rights and investments of 7.9 trillion yuan, and other types 2.1 trillion yuan, with a total size of 12.5 trillion yuan and 2 yuan) and the scale of securities management was growing steadily and the pace of change was accelerating.
With the new regulations in place, the evolution of proactive management of securities will accelerate. The country’s need for professional and personalized wealth will become increasingly evident in the future, with the upgrading of the industry’s regulation of securities.
The scale of management will accelerate the pace of proactive management transformation and drive the development of a business model centred on investment. Huatai securities are now in a leading position in the industry, already pre-empted by the wave of transformational wealth management, and core competitiveness will continue to emerge in the future.
(i) Merger and Reorganization (M & As) business remains industry-led and stock resource adjustment capacity is significant. In our case, in recent years, as the new economy and the new industry have developed rapidly, M & As have become more active and the volume of transactions has continued to increase. The cumulative volume of transactions from 2013 to 2017 was 12.6 trillion yuan, the average rate of increase has been maintained.
Domestic M & As transactions are worth 2.9 trillion yuan a year. Mergers and acquisitions using capital markets have played an important role in restructuring our economy, stock and resources. It is expected that the number of M & As transactions will continue to rise rapidly in 2018.
In 2016 and 2017, the number of projects with independent financial advisers declined, but because of the high quality of M&As, which included the re-marketing of 360 million, the total value of the transactions reached $50.416 billion, the gold horse shares acquired 11.6 billion in cars, and the cashiers restructured 43.3 billion on the market.
The growth of corporate financial consultants ' revenues has been sustained, inter alia. (ii) The quality of the project has been strictly controlled, the volume of the underwriting is stable, the income is expected to remain stable, and the income from the underwriting operations has remained stable in a more regulated environment.
In the second half of 2017, the volume and size of market equity financing at the first level continued to decline. By July 2018, equity financing had returned to $176.5 billion, as a result of a sharp reduction in the quality of investment projects and the industry ' s leading pass rate.
In the first quarter of 2018, the net revenue of the Chinese securities was 407 million yuan, a steady increase of 4.2% over the previous year, which was significantly better than the 29% decline in the total number of listed securities, mainly due to strict project quality controls within the company. As of 6 August, the total revenue from the Chinese securities portfolio was 407 million yuan.
The Board ' s pass rate of 92 per cent was the highest among the top 10 examiners, 7 of which were over-executed ipo projects, 4 were over-executed by M & A projects, and the bulk was kept above a monthly average of more than $10 billion.
Based on regional advantages, the whole business chain system, and the integration platform of the big bankers, investment income is expected to remain robust. As of the beginning of August 2018, the number of subscribers to the joint Chinese securities was 128, ranked seventh in the industry, and 63 in the joint Chinese securities ipo project reserve. As a result of the outstanding competitive advantages of the merger and repurchase operation, equity financing was significant.
In a declining market environment, investment excellence and client resources will be expected to keep business income steady.IV. Investment management: maintaining a proactive management orientation and a robust investment trading capacity (i) maintaining a proactive management orientation that is consistent with home-grown requirements
Under the new regulations, the securities management business returned to active management. Following the official issuance of the new regulations in April 2018, the industry entered the transition phase, and the agency was required to adjust it in accordance with the Guidance Opinion, and to reduce it in an orderly manner, while controlling the overall size of the stock, so as to prevent the transition from being interrupted.
By the end of 2020, the transition period was completed. Data show that the total size of the securities firm’s portfolio at the end of 2017 was in the direction of proactive management development, with continuous improvement in revenue. The new regulations “de-routing” opened the regulatory period for the smooth development of the industry, with active investment management becoming the core competitiveness of bond dealers’ investment management.
It is divided into four main sections, namely, subsidiaries, private equity funds, public funds and futures funds. The total amount of entrusted assets at the end of 2017 was US$ billion, with a special fund of US$ 62.6 billion, with a targeted share of 80 per cent and an overall increase of 3.9 per cent, depending on a diversified business structure, with better investment capacity, product creation capacity, and a net collection of entrusted funds in 2017.
The average monthly size of DMA assets reached $24.190 billion, ranking fourth in the industry, showing a strong proactive management capacity, and business size and income are expected to continue to grow robustly in the context of the new regulations on joint venture management.
• Revenue from targeted asset management operations (millions of yuan) • income from pooled asset management operations (millions of yuan) — right axis
(ii) Effective management of investment transaction risks, first-level trading qualifications to drive the growth of derivatives operations Information building inputs will enhance investment transaction business capacity and risk management capacity. In investment transactions, the three main categories of equity-inclusive, solid and otc products: 1) equity investments are moving forward with the development of large data platforms, plus
Strong strategic openness and business model innovation; 2) customer-oriented and continuous optimization of ficc operations in the context of solid investment; enhanced value pricing capacity; 3) openc financial products and transaction-oriented product design and customer services that provide an off-site market platform that combines investment, finance and trade.
Main risk management initiatives undertaken: 1) Daily warehousing and liquidity risk monitoring. Effective identification, measurement, monitoring and control of mobile risk is implemented through information systems to ensure that liquidity risk is measurable, manageable and affordable. Regular and irregular pressure testing: 2) In off-site derivative operations, companies issue several rounds of structured revenue vouchers.
The company hedges the issued revenue vouchers to keep the overall market risk of the business within the bounds of affordability. (3) In the case of commodity options, the company conducts small-scale arbitrage operations for soybean options and white sugar options, which generate price differential gains through hedges for futures and options, subject to the control of delta openings.
In March, companies exchanged 448 million yuan in nominal capital, the fourth largest in the industry. According to the Association’s May 2018 statistics, there were 283 Chinese securities certificates issued in that month, issued at $3.358 billion and ranked ninth in the industry.
The company ' s classification rating in 2018 continued to be a class aa voucher, and on 1 August it acquired a level I trader qualification as one of the seven first-level traders. Based on the customer resource base of the Totohua tai securities, the scale of the annual off-site derivatives trading business is shown in figure 24: The monthly nominal principal increase in the exchange of revenue from the Chinese tai securities in 2018.
(iii) Long-term equity drives a sustained increase in corporate investment returns, for example 45 per cent), the Waterbury Fund (49 per cent shareholding) and Jiangsu Bank (55.4 per cent shareholding) recorded investment returns of 405 million yuan, 86 million yuan and 0.05 million yuan, respectively, representing 92 per cent of investment returns from joint ventures and joint ventures throughout the year.
In 2017, the company changed the accounting methods of Jiangsu Bank from available financial assets to long-term equity investments on an equity basis. The company invested $5.05 billion in Jiangsu Bank, which held 5.54% of the shares. Under the influence of the change in accounting methods of Jiangsu Bank, the return on Chinese securities in the first quarter of 2018 was $1.350 billion, an increase of 46.5%.
Investment earnings from business and joint ventures were $580 million, or more than four times higher. It is expected that, with the impact of the new accounting standards, investment revenue will be collected throughout the year. Figure 26: Jiangsu Bank’s performance will increase robustly, with the prospect of sustained growth in investment returns on thehua-Thai portfolio. V. International operations: active overseas placement and rapid growth in business income
(i) Assetmark: The beneficial growth of the market tmap, the continued synergy of the US market tamp continues to grow, and assetmark is gaining momentum. Tamp is now almost three years old in the United States, mature, playing a very important role in the area of management, and its client assets are in total.
The value was over $250 billion. According to company reports, the United States market has grown since 2011 on an average annual composite basis.