Industry integration and company restructuring, performance growth and valuation repairs!
The share economy triggers changes in the structure of tyre demand, and China’s tyre industry will take a larger share of the global share. China’s tyre industry competes for competitive wheel tyres (601058.sh).
The share economy changes people’s mobility patterns, shares car scenarios, consumers have more rights to use than to own cars, and the ownership of cars will shift upstream. Car tyres will be converted from consumer goods to production resources. This segment of market demand falls into the competitive advantage that Chinese tyres are good at.
China’s tyre industry will grow faster than the global industry, thanks to the adjustment of demand structures. China’s overall market share in the tyre industry has rapidly shrunk over several long-runs.
In fact, the tyre industry in China has been undergoing supply-side reforms in recent years in the context of overcapacity and low rates of start-up. Although this has not been as fast as other chemical industries have been driven by safety, environmental protection, and relocation, it has been solid and firm, and has not been repeated. Only a few of the leading players in overseas production have been deployed.
The Chinese tyre industry’s share of the global market will be combined in the future to absorb fewer than domestic tyres, and the company’s governance structure will show a relatively deep depth of 300 per cent.
Similar to another industry, but the level of valuation is significantly lower than that of the rest of the tyres, and even lower than that of the publicly listed ones. A major difference between a race tire and a comparable company is the equity structure. The company’s first shareholder, the realist, and the head of the board of directors are in a different position, limiting the value level of the capital market for the company. On April 15, 2020, the company announced Unpublicated 2020.
Development of stock plans, if the stock release is successful, and the company’s first shareholder, controller, and chairman join together, will contribute to the stability of the corporate governance structure and the implementation of a long-term corporate business development strategy to reduce potential risks. The company’s valuation level will be gradually repaired to match the comparable corporate valuation level.
Risk factors: (i) the risk of lower profitability due to the excessive growth in the overseas production capacity of Chinese tyres; (ii) the risk of new trade sanctions for factories in South-East Asia: (iii) the risk of a new coronary pneumonia epidemic affecting tyre demand: (iv) the risk of fluctuations in natural rubber prices.
The tyre industry is not a good track, the global tyre industry is a mature and stable industry, and the tyre industry as a whole is needed at a time when the risks of global economic growth are on the rise.
But the investment value of one of China’s leading tire industry’s wheel tires is solidly supported by a strong sense of certainty: sustained growth and restoration of valuation levels.
China’s tyre industry has a competitive advantage in creating advantages to meet global demand for high-priced tyres. The share economy changes people’s mobility patterns, shares the car scenario, consumers have more rights to use than to own cars, and the ownership of cars will shift upstream.
China’s tyre industry will grow faster than the global industry, thanks to the adjustment of demand structures. China’s tyre industry has opened up a room for certainty growth, not for all Chinese tyre businesses.
While not as fast as other chemical industries are driven by safety, environmental protection, and relocation, this reform is solid and firm, and has not been repeated. Only a handful of leading firms that have deployed overseas production can participate in sharing future growth space.
The product level, scale of business, profitability, growth of wheel tyres are similar to that of another industry’s flagship, but the valuation level is significantly lower than that of the rest of the tyre listing companies. A major difference between wheel tyres and comparable companies is the equity structure. The company’s first shareholder, the realist, the chairman of the company’s company, is in the lead, limiting the value of the capital market to the company.
The successful issuance of shares and the convergence of the company’s first shareholders, controllers, and directors will contribute to the stability of the corporate governance structure and the implementation of a long-term strategy for corporate business development, reducing the potential risks. The company’s valuation level will be gradually repaired to the same level as that of comparable companies.
In South-East Asia, factories are exposed to the risk of new trade sanctions.3 The risk of a new coronary pneumonia epidemic affecting tyre demand.4 The risk of fluctuations in natural rubber prices.4
The company has modern tyres in Qingdao, Dongzhou, Shenyang, China, and Xining, Viet Nam. Manufacturing plants, distribution networks and service centres in Canada, Germany, Malaysia and other regions serving the Americas, Europe, South-East Asia, where tyre products are sold well.
More than 100 countries and regions in the United States, Asia, and Africa. Production plants established by companies in Viet Nam are growing and operating more efficiently, becoming companies that respond to international markets and building new tyre production bases jointly between companies in Viet Nam.
Since its listing in 2011, the company ' s operating income has increased from $6.39 billion to $15.13 billion, with an average compound annual growth rate of 11.4 per cent and a net return to mothers increasing from $105 million to the impact of the epidemic, resulting in an operating income of $3.24 billion, or 3.9 per cent less, and a net return to mothers of $272 million, or 48 per cent more.
The company’s operating cash flow has increased by 1.6% of the year to the current 8.3%, creating its own barriers to competition.
A tyre is a circular, circular, elastic rubber product that is mounted on a variety of vehicles or machines. It is usually installed on metal wheels, which carry the body, cushion external shocks, make contact with the surface and guarantee the motor performance of the vehicle. Tyres are often used in complex and demanding conditions, and it undergoes all kinds of transformations, loads, forces, and so on.
The tyre industry, which we usually discuss, refers to tyres used in common motor vehicles, including cars, aircraft, engineering, etc.
Tyres are now made of rubber (natural, synthetic rubber) or bone-coated materials (swipes, fibres) and have not been classified for a considerable period of time in the foreseeable future.
Tyre products usually have two taxonomic dimensions, one by structure and the other by use. Tyres are divided into slashed tyres and meridian tyres by structure. Tyres were born more than a century ago with slashed structures, Michelin invented meridian structures more than half a century ago. Our country has been introducing meridian tyre technology since 2000 to improve the meridian rate of tyres.
Tyres are divided by use into car tyres and commercial tyres, which include car tyres (passengertirre, short pcr) that we use on a daily basis, suv tyres, commercial tyres including truck tyres (truckandbustrere, short tbr), non-road tyres (offtheroad, shortotr), and otr includes engineering machines, pneumatic tyres, agricultural mechanical tyres, aircraft tyres, etc. Special purpose tyres. About 1.8 billion tyres were consumed globally in 2018, of which pcr was about 1.58 billion, commercial wheel tyres.
The average unit price of a commercial tyre is much higher than that of a passenger tyre, so the sales ratio is not so different. The global tyre market is based on sales, with more than half of the wheeled tyres and nearly half of the commercial tyres.
The country’s car tires pcr has been fully slashed, there are no slashed tyres, the pcr of the noon structure is called semi-steel meridian tyres, or the usual semi-steel tires, and the national car tires pcr and half-steel tires are basically a concept. The country’s truck tires tbr are close to all noon, the slashed tires are about to disappear, the tbr of the noon structure is called the whole steel meridian tyres, or the usual all-stamp steel.
The country’s non-road tyre otr is less than half of the country’s midday rate, and the slashed tires are somewhat competitive, but the high end product is already an otr of the meridian structure. The slash otr has had almost no new capacity in recent years, and as the existing production age, the total capacity is gradually decreasing.
The whole steel giant is a branch of the otr, large-scale otr, which is usually used in open-air mines above 100 tons of weight. Global sales of pcr, tbr are in the order of millions, and the number of otr is in the order of millions, while the number of steel giants is in the order of 10,000.
1. Global demand for tyres has grown upwards over the medium to long term, with a global tyre market of $70.6 billion in 2002, growing to $16.86 billion in 2018, with a combined annual growth rate of 6 per cent. Steady and rapid growth has been maintained between 2002 and 2008, thanks mainly to the start of the Chinese automobile market. On 11 November 2001, China joined wto, committing itself to reducing its imports year after year from 2002 to 2002.
Import tariffs on cars and spare parts. 2002 also became the “well blowout” year for the Chinese automobile market.
Despite the cyclical nature of global economic development and the volatility of new global car sales, global vehicle holdings have continued to grow. Global vehicle holdings in 2004 were 850 million, growing to 1.28 billion in 2015, with an annual compound growth rate of 3.8%, and there is still much room for growth.
And with the long-term growth of the global economy, logistics demand will continue to grow. In the absence of alternatives, tyre demand will continue to grow over the long term, and global tyre markets have declined in concentration.
Between 2002 and 2017, the global tyre industry did not show an upward trend in integration. On the contrary, industrycr3 fell from 56% in 2002 to 37% in 2017; industrycr6 fell from 70% in 2002 to 51% in 2017.
In 2002, the top Chinese industry on the global tire business list was 12 of Taiwan’s positive-news, 13 of the Shandong Triangle, and 14 of Shandong Sungshan. In 2018, five of the top 20 Chinese companies were the 9th, the 10th, the 10th, the 17th, the 18th, and the 18th.
Number 19 Shandong Heung Fung. China’s tyre industry ranks up, and the city’s share rises. Figure 5 Changes in the global share of tyre manufacturers in the market (%) Michirin
♪ Priston ♪ ♪ Land of Germany ♪
I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend, I'm a friend.
♪ To the east ♪ ♪ To the west ♪ ♪ To the west ♪ ♪ To the west ♪ To the west ♪
It's new. It's a triangle, mrf.
♪ Apollo ♪ Nokia ♪ ♪ The global city share of Top3 and Top6 has declined in the last 15 years, but their incomes have not declined. ♪ The global economy is better by 2008.
In 2008, the total revenue to Top3 was $83.5 billion, in 2008 it was $64.6 billion in 2008 and $62.2 billion in 2017. Michelin, Pristom, solidity, horseplate, Bejong, Dunlop, the brands still hold consumer demand at the upper and middle end of their advantage, in the tyre market.
The Chinese brand does not yet have the capacity to challenge it effectively in this market. Figure 6 Changes in the global share of tyre manufacturers in the market (%), and China ' s tyre companies have taken advantage of their advantages to increase their global share.
The world’s big tyre companies, while solidly holding their own niche markets, have seen a significant increase in the income and market share of China’s tyre businesses as the global tyre market grows. In 2002, China’s tyre firms accounted for only 5% of the world’s market share of $3.8 billion in the world’s top 75 list of tyres.
To achieve this growth, China’s tyre industry does not rely on product power, brand power, and international tyre companies, but rather on China’s production and efficiency advantages. Commercial tires are the production information of downstream customers, so they are more sensitive to prices, and Chinese tyres already account for more than half of the global market share of commercial tyres.
This includes the 32 top-ranked Chinese tyre businesses, with the highest share of 2.3 per cent, with considerable scope for individual development in China.
Our tyre production statistics generally refer to data from the National Statistical Office and the Tyre Industry Association, which include the production of international tyre companies in Chinese factories. From 2013 to 2018, our car tyre production rose from 550 million to 650 million, and the rate of middayization rose from 90% to 94%. The export of tyres increased from 440 million to 490 million during this period. As trade sanctions against the tyre industry increased, exports hovered and domestic consumption increased.
Thus, China’s tyre business is also a global market, and researching the growth space of China’s tyre industry requires a study of trends and preferences in global tyre demand. The same is the Chinese manufacturing story, where differences exist in different industries, for example, a glycerine, a global air-conditioning boss, who owns 20% of the global air conditioner market, but 85% of the glycerine is sold in the domestic market.
Figure 8 Our car tyre production, export volumes and sub-snapization rates (100 million)2 and our whole steel tire competition pattern increased from 107 million to 133 million from 2013 to 2018, the main market being exports. 88.17 million of them were exported in 2017.
China’s total steel production is already more than half the world’s output. Figure 9 China’s total steel production (billions) includes 37 member companies in the tyre branch of the Chinese Rubber Industry Association, which produced 98 million steel tyres in 2018, accounting for 74% of the country’s total production.
Ten thousand, 5.48 million wind tyres, 5.11 million wheel tyres. 2019 industry-wide statistics, though not yet available, show an increase in production capacity, while three or four wheel tyres do not, and are currently on a full-scale sale scale, and in figure 102018, they rank as the country ' s total steel production (ten thousand).
Chuan Dongdong Lake.
Excerpts The State of the Far East .........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
Williamchi Mei-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-Sa-S-S-S-S-A-S-S-S-S-S-S-A-S-S-S-S-A-S-S-S-S-A-S-S-S-S-S-S-A-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S.
We're all under pressure. Exmin, linen.
Between 2013 and 2018, the production of semi-stoves increased from 369 million to 476 million, but in 2018 it fell slightly from 2017 to 2017. Domestic consumption of semi-stoves accounted for more than half of the cost, of which 201 million were exported in 2017 and 210 million in 2018. It is important to note, however, that not all semi-stoves are produced and consumed domestically.
It's a domestic brand, the top ten tyre companies in the world have plants in China, and now we still have foreign brands for the bulk of the tyres consumed in cars. The domestic production of semi-steel is about 30% of global production.
The Chinese Rubber Industry Association has 37 member companies that produced 260 million steel tyres in 2018, accounting for 55 per cent of the country ' s total production. The first of these, Ling, produces 46.17 million steel tyres, the first of which is the first. The second, third, and fourth rankings are closer to the second, third, and fourth, which are 36.57 million rubber rubber, 32.19 million fine-tone Chinese, and 31.79 million tires.
The comparative advantage of China’s tyre industry in the next 15 years is that it has grown rapidly over the last 15 years, both in terms of income and in terms of its share of the global market. Today, the bad news is that the global tyre market has entered slowly.
Rapid growth, the good news is that China’s tyre industry does not have a high global share, far from the ceiling. So can China’s tyre industry capture a larger share of the global market in the next 15 years?
If you divide demand by multiplying it with tyres or commercial tyres, ancillary markets or maintenance markets, you just stay on the surface. And if you distinguish the market by China’s demand and foreign demand, you fail to capture the substance. Tyres are fully competitive at the geomarket level, China’s tyres are exported globally, and the world’s older tyre firms, whether producing or marketed, have achieved a full global distribution.
High-end demand for tyres refers to customers who are most security-oriented, typically private owners and truck drivers who transport dangerous chemicals. A distinct feature of tyres that distinguishes them from other consumer products is that they cause huge losses to consumers when they have quality problems, far exceeding the price of the tyres themselves.
The first priority is quality (safety), but for ordinary consumers, the best-quality catcher is branding. When consumers choose other big brands of consumer goods, brands often have additional demonstration effects, but tyres are obviously not, and few people look down on what brand tyres are in other people’s cars. Consumers’ choice of brand tyres is actually an outside expression of the quality of 100-year brand endorsements.
Middle-end tyre demand refers to the customer most concerned with value for money, the typical client group being the truck driver who transports ordinary goods. The three biggest operating costs for truck drivers are petrol, transit costs, and tyres. Drivers are very sensitive to the cost of using tyres. And tyres are not occasionally purchased consumer durables for truck drivers, but often purchased production information, and, after a long time of recording and calculation, Chinese truck tyres can be found to be shorter than foreign-owned tyres, but unit mileage.
Low-end tyre demand refers to a customer who is more price-oriented, typically a host plant and some of the primary premature areas where tyres are consumed. The demand is the least expensive, less concerned about quality, or even three packages of guarantees for low prices.
This logic is clear enough to prove some of the tyre market phenomena: (1) our tyres, in terms of unit prices, are gradually taking up high-value markets from the low to the middle end. In the short term, it will be difficult to penetrate the high-end market visibly. (2) Of the world’s 200 million or so total steel demand, China produces 130 million, the vast majority of which are Chinese-owned enterprises. China’s tyres occupy more than half of the world’s total demand.
China’s semi-styren market share is smaller than the total steel, because the demand for the semi-styren market is higher than the demand. And we see in the domestic semi-styren consumer market that the country’s product-plated tyres are far less likely than China’s share in the global market.
The reason for this is that car consumption is also a higher-end consumption than in countries like Europe and the United States, where China’s passenger owners are more likely to opt for higher prices. At this stage, our tyre industry has a competitive advantage in manufacturing advantages, offering higher prices than tyres.
Compared to the changing trend in demand in the tyre market, the space for growth in the tyre industry is available.2 The new trend in the shared economy behind the decline in global passenger traffic sales, China’s turning point at the end of 2017, with 2,367,000 vehicles sold in 2018 down 4.5 per cent from 2,474,000 in 2017.
A further 9.5% drop in sales in 2018 compared to the same year. The decline in vehicle sales has had a number of effects, such as a drop in the gdp acceleration during structural reforms on the macroeconomic supply side, and a decline in consumer readiness due to high population leverage, one important factor that could be the negative impact on our real economy of the Chinese-American trade friction that began at the beginning of 2018.
Global commercial traffic, which has been growing from 1.91 million vehicles in 2009 to 2.696 million in 2019, is consistent with the logic of global economic development driving logistics demand. With the global economy moving forward, it has declined for two consecutive years, from a peak of 70.6 million vehicles in 2017.
Although in the long run the trend towards a growing global economy and rising per capita income is not questioned, per capita car ownership should also increase in terms of meeting people’s mobility needs. Although the ratio of car prices to per capita income is declining, it should become easier to consume cars, but land and road resources are.
Shared cars include traditional car rentals, taxis, and recent Internet subscriptions, p2p rentals, time-sharing of b2c, and unmanned vehicle services when future auto-drive technology matures. Sharing cars facilitates travel on the one hand, and on the other.
The world’s largest share automobile company was established in 2009 and has grown rapidly in recent years as the network infrastructure matures and now maintains close quarterly traffic orders in figure 15 (millions)
The American authors Kevin Kelly, known as the “Father of Silicon Valley Spirit” and the “Godfather of the World Internet” in their book Reciprocally, which analyses trends in science and technology, say: “When we advance all these aspects of dematerialization, decentralization, instantity, synergizing platforms, and clouds, the right to use will gradually replace all rights. For most of our daily lives, things will be used more than they have.”
There have been many such cases in our daily lives, such as cars, bicycles, accommodation, high-end clothing, and even battery-filled treasures, where consumers can easily enjoy their rights of use without having to own their property rights. Sharing personal transport is one of the largest and most successful products of the current trend, with repeated use increasing its efficiency and reducing user costs.
Among the reasons for the decline in the volume of vehicle sales, shared cars may not be the most important today, but the most threatening factor in the future.
In the case of shared cars, consumers have more rights to use than to own cars. The property rights of cars will be transferred upstream. The proportion of operators among car owners will increase.
The TDR’s research shows that private cars travel about 15,000 kilometres per year in Beijing. The annual mileage of operational vehicles is around 100,000 kilometres.
The global tyre market is growing slowly, but the share of China’s tyre industry in the global tyre market will continue to rise over the next five to ten years, and overall sales in China’s tyre industry will increase faster than industry. Of course, the logic of sharing the economy’s demand structure changes does not affect the continued strength of China’s tyre brands, which is not in conflict.
The value of branding is high, and in fact the prices of products such as Michelin are high, but the net profit is not higher than that of the Chinese dragon-headed tires. The branding of high-value brands is also a global leader, and this has been demonstrated several times in such industries as home-based electricity, mobile phones, etc. Sixthly, the market share of the Chinese tyre industry has been rapidly reduced to a few.
The logic of shared economy also supports China’s tyre business to continue to score even more in the next 15 years. But, China’s tyre business is not a whole business, and it is not for the time being to say that China’s tyre industry is clearly divided.
The main markets for Chinese tyres exports are the United States, the European Union, Russia, India, Brazil, etc., with high or low anti-dumping duties on Chinese tyres. For example, the United States applies to Chinese semi-steeds and entire steel tyres.
Countervailing subsidies, anti-dumping duties, depending on the enterprise, ranged from 40 to 70% of the tax rate, and did not begin with the Chinese-American trade war, but with a tax increase from the Obama regime in 2009: truck tyres exported by China to the EU are subject to an additional double counter-tax, with a fixed charge of Euro62 per tyre. Heavy surcharges have led to a gradual decline in China’s global competitiveness of exported tyres.
China's tyre industry is no exception. The export market is blocked, and the average rate of start-up in the domestic tyre industry is currently only 60%.
Since 2015, the country’s tyre industry has embarked on spontaneous supply-side reforms. Unlike other chemical industry supply-side reforms, the tyre industry is less environmentally friendly and safe at risk.
In 2019, it surged to 36. The tyre industry has become increasingly integrated.4 Trade barriers give rise to profit opportunities in overseas deployments, and now most of China’s tyre businesses are either struggling or on the way to closure, if measured by the number of firms.
Trade barriers have blocked China’s low-priced products and raised the price levels of the world’s major tyre markets. For Chinese tyre companies that walk out of the country and internationalize the layout, they can enjoy high profits from the market protected by the barriers.
We analyzed the net profitability of overseas plants and domestic factories in the company where a tyre was listed (the medium-sized Thai factory took the middle of the Hangfork Group announcement for the first four months of 2019, while the rest of the companies took the first half of 2019), and found that it was divided into two distinct stages. The net profit rate of overseas plants was about 20%, and most of the net profit of the domestic tyre factory was net.
The rate of lubricant is below 10 per cent, mostly in a state of microfiche.5 The division of the industry has led to a stronger leader deciding on the branding and price level of a tyre factory product, not the longest mileage, but the shortest one.
The reliability and uniformity of tyres is the most important competitiveness of tyre products. International first-class manufacturers guarantee that product uniformity is controlled by the fine management experience and production processes that they have accumulated over decades.
A new, old plant in a coal industry produces the same product, but at different costs. A tyre company produces the same product at the same cost, but with different quality resulting in different prices. Investment in new production capacity, production of better-quality tyre products, better profits and cash flows, and the ability to sustain capital spending to build new production capacity, make up the domestic wheel.
As a result, the strategic long-term and early deployment of overseas capacity for domestic tires has built up on healthy cash flows and increased market share. Domestic tyres at the centre and tail have been struggling in recent years, with insufficient cash flows to maintain their productive capacity, making the product less competitive, leading to poorer cash flows.
With eight tire companies listed for nearly five years, it was found that the largest and stronger increases were in the earnings of top-heavy and wheels of overseas factories. The rest of the companies with less than 10 billion incomes were able to maintain their size, but growth was a priority.
Summarizing the trends in the tyre industry in China, the main trends in the current tyre industry in China are not cyclical. The main industrial trends are polarization, with most SMEs unable to reverse the downward trend and will eventually exit the market; while the overall manufacturing advantage of the tyre industry in China will gain an increased market in the future for changes in the structure of demand for tyres on board, and the share of small and medium-sized enterprises out of the market, will be held by a small number of leading companies in the tyre industry in China.
The growth space in the next few years is very certain. The world is only about 2% of China’s tire business leaders, and in five to 10% of the world’s two-to-three companies will be out of the range of 5% to 10% of the world’s cities in five to ten years after the continued deepening of industry-side reforms.
The current production capacity of round tyres is divided into two main categories, domestic and foreign, with three main production bases, Qingdao, Toshishima and Shenyang, respectively.
The Qingdao production base is the largest and most varied production base in the race for wheel production, with 2.7 million full steel births per year, 10 million steel tires per year and 60,000 non-road births per year (under construction, expected to reach the age of 2020), and the Eastern production base is mainly responsible for the production of half steel, divided into two periods of 12 million steel cases per year and 15 million cases per year for two periods, for a total of 27 million steel cases per year.
In Viet Nam, by the end of 2019, the round had a total of 10 million steel/yearly, 1.2 million steel/yearly and 50,000 non-road-yearly births.
Starting with the construction of 2.4 million copies per year of production in Viet Nam in a joint venture with selenium (65 per cent share in the race wheel), with technical changes, Viet Nam added 3 million in phase I + two, capacity utilization by base, and the start-up rate of different production plants over the last three years (2016-2018), Qingdao and Shenyang have had a higher rate of start-up of their plants, compared with the start-up rate of the Eastern Battalion.
At a lower level, the start-up rate at factories in Viet Nam was lower in the early stages of construction, and the start-up rate increased as the project progressed. In the range of tyres, the rate of start-up rates for different tyres varied considerably.
The rate of start-up in Qingjia was only 80% at the highest rate in 2016 and declined gradually to 73% in 2018 with the start-up of the Eastern Camp factory. The rate of start-up in Qingjia was only 50% at the beginning of construction, rising to 75% by 2018, but was still significantly lower than the rate of full steel. The rate of start-up in Qingjia at an earlier stage of construction of non-road tires was around 80% due to the low overall capacity of non-road tires. The rate of start-up in Viet Nam is less than 50%.
Race tire tyres, although not the largest and most profitable company in China, are the most specialized company in the country because of their management characteristics (detailed below).
The following table shows the base, product type, capacity, and investment that China’s tyre companies have expanded in the last five years. We have converted pcr and otr into tbr, a common algorithm in the tyre industry.
After tbr produces its capacity, it can be seen in a visual way by calculating the “millions of tbr investments” using the total investment and output of the project. See the figure below: It can be seen that the intensity of investment in the unit capacity of each enterprise is still relatively different, although there may be a number of factors, such as different land costs, different product structures, or different levels of “intellectual” investment. The emergence of smart factories, i.e., increased automation, will increase the volume of investment in equipment and lead to higher unit investment.
The decision-making of enterprises is different, and investment is high when it comes to the pursuit of extreme automation rates, even black-light plants; if it is only for critical processes, and non-product quality-related processes reduce automation requirements, it can be saved. This, of course, also takes into account the different levels of human costs in different parts of the country. We can see that, whether in domestic or overseas projects, the unit investment in wheel tyres is the most economical.
In the last three years, the net return profit year, after deduction, has grown at a compound rate of 214 per cent for the race round and 25 per cent for Linglong. In the past few years, there has been no large-scale M&As and asset restructuring by the wheels and Linglong.
From the latest quarter of 2020, the wheels were almost identical to Linglong's two leading companies in terms of income and net return to the mother. They were significantly higher than the other tyre businesses in a stock market. In terms of the growth rate, the three companies, the wheels, the Linglong and the triangle, were ahead of the others.
Tyres are a final consumer product, and consumers accept the final market price as the best wind sign of product location and hierarchy. We take the wheels, Linglong, Michelin and the same specifications of the wheeled tires (mainstream specifications, all of which are evaluated on the website at more than 10,000 products).
Groups. The price difference between the wheels and the Linglongs is not obvious and is at the same level. Linglong's product specification is richer, with multiple regulations below 195 mm surface; the wheels have a greater price advantage in large-size specifications and there are a few more specifications in sales over 235 mm. VIII, tire valuation levels are underestimated.
In particular, companies with upswing performance, which reflects normal valuation levels, do not differ significantly from international valuations. At the cut-off price of 30 April 2020, the average market gain for Michelin, solidity, Pristoon, mainland Germany, Japanese residents, solid pegs, Yokohama 7 companies
11.3 The market gain on wheel tyres was 9.43 per cent. 7 international companies had an average net market rate of 1.1 and a net market rate of 1.56 per cent. 7 international companies had an average market rate of 0.6 and a market rate of 0.74 per cent.
The average number of v/ebitda times was 5.0 for seven international companies and 6.62 for wheel tyres.
The product level, scale of business, profitability, growth of wheel tyres are similar to that of another industry, but valuation levels are significantly lower than that of the rest of the tyre listing companies. A major difference between the wheel tyres and comparable companies is the equity structure. The nominal equity structure of the wheel tyres is fragmented, with the top 10 shareholders holding 48% of the company and the top 10 shareholders holding nearly 15% of the company’s shareholdings, but Xinhua Federation’s first major shareholder holds nearly 15% of the company’s share.
In 2017, Xinhua Union Holdings became the single largest shareholder of pyrotechnic tyres by means of fixed- and secondary-market purchases. Founded in October 1990, Xinhua Holdings continued to grow rapidly over 29 years, and became a large modern consortium covering a number of industries, including chemicals, mining, cultural property, new energy, investment, finance, ceramics, alcohol, etc., with a total business asset of over $130 billion in 2018.
The rest of them, including 12 holding and listed companies, have more than 10 prominent brands, such as the Xinhua League of Unions, the Xinhua League of China Refrigerants, the Xinhua United Ceramics, the Xinhua Federation of Chinese Ceramics, the Xinhua Alliance of Xiaoyang, the Shangri-La Tibetan Secretary, the Red Bureau. The Xinhua Federation of Holding Holdings, the Fu Fu Fu Fu-jun Army, born in October 1957, the Hunan Mahal, a member of the Chinese Communist Party, studied and studied for academic qualifications. Currently, the Vice-President of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce, the Chairman and President of the Board of Directors of the Xinhua Federation Group, the Thirteenth National Committee of the Association of Political Ministers, and the Commission for Social and Rule of Law.
In the last two years, the Xinhua Federation’s macroeconomic deleveraging process led to a restructuring of the Xinhua Federation’s property-based and multi-equity investment model, with increasing liquidity and entry.
At the end of the year 2019, the company announced that Dutyu’s direct holdings, together with 24% of the company’s total holdings entrusted to be managed, would be the firm’s real owners.
The head of the company is Yuan Junyuki, the current chairman and president of the company, who is an expert in tyre manufacturing techniques.
• Awarded ten high-tech entrepreneurs in Shandong Province in 2001 and the City of Qingdao to be a top-notch professional in Qingdao City in 2003;
• Elected Permanent Committee of the Eleventh Executive Committee of the All China Federation of Business and Industry on 10 December 2012;
The high-tech product auto-loading system, the tyre enterprise control network system, the tire balance test, etc., developed under the title of Yuen Yuen, has been included in the national priority new product plan, the priority national torch programme, the priority technology innovation programme for Qingdao City, among others, and has received one award each for scientific and technological progress in Shandong Province, two prizes for excellence in machine applications in Shandong Province, and one award for scientific and technological progress in Qingdao City.
In addition to serving as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the National Centre for Rubber and Tyre Engineering Research, Yuen is currently serving as the Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the China Rubber Industry Association, the Senior Vice-President of the China Rubber Industry Association, the Deputy Director of the National Engineering Laboratory for the Advanced Equipment and Critical Materials of Tyres, and the Director-General of the Committee of Experts of the Rubber Industry Association of Shandong Province. The leadership of the company’s first shareholder, the physical controller, and the chairman of the board of directors was misplaced, constraining the level of valuation of companies in the capital market.
After this release, Yuan and Tsuyuki will be released from concerted action; and 11 shareholders will be released from ownership. Thus, after this release, the share of Tuyujing control will be reduced to 9.69% and will no longer be held against the public.
Directly and through Swe, Swe holds 95,998,681 shares in the company, while Yang Deokhua, his spouse, holds 4,007,969 shares in the company, and his son holds 26,977,228 shares in the company. In accordance with the Measures for the Management of Equity Incentives in Listed Companies, after the issuance of this report, the company will no longer meet the conditions of the equity incentive audience, and the company will repurchase the restricted shares of Yuan and Qing, which have not been lifted at that time, and currently the restricted shares of 42,477,228 shares.
Assuming that in the future companies will buy back 42,477,228 shares in the sum of 488.506650 shares, or 14.13 per cent of the total equity of the company, and that they actually have the highest voting rights. This non-public release has been considered by the company’s fifth board of directors and has yet to be submitted to the shareholders’ assembly for consideration.
If the stock issue is successful, the company’s first shareholder, controller, and chairman will come together to contribute to the stability of the corporate governance structure and the implementation of a long-term strategy for business development, reducing potential risks. The company’s valuation level will be repaired gradually, in line with the comparable company’s valuation level.
X. Profit projections, valuations and investment ratings The company’s domestic production capacity is mainly distributed in Qingdao, Dongbang, and Shenyang, while foreign production capacity is mainly distributed in Viet Nam. The 2.4 million full steel tires of Vietnam’s joint venture were completed in 2020. In 2019, the entire steel production capacity of the Qingdao factory increased by 100,000, the non-road tyres of the Qingdao factory actually increased by 0.6 million tons per year, and Shenyang increased production capacity by 0.6 million tons per year.
In 2019, the company returned to its mother ' s net profit of 1,195 million yuan, of which race wheels (Viet Nam) Ltd. contributed 950 million yuan in net profits, and overseas factories have become the company ' s largest profit (1).
(3) The price of the main raw materials remained stable. (4) Other operating income and the Maori rate remained stable. (5) The exchange rate remained stable.
(6) Without taking into account the impact of public distribution, using the above-mentioned profit assumption, we take the risk-free rate of interest at 2 per cent, the market rate of return at 10.7 per cent and the sustained rate of growth at 1 per cent, using the dcf model as an absolute valuation of the company, taking into account the risk of lower profitability due to the excessive rate of growth in the overseas production of Chinese tyres.
In South-East Asia, the Chinese tyre industry now has about 9 million steel tires, with 7.6 million in the plan; and about 43.8 million semi-steams, with nearly 42.5 million in the plan. From the experience of the first excursions, the first trip to the sea and the first trip to a new destination country, it often takes four to five years to build the project and to achieve the release of the capacity, and the expansion of existing capacity by those already in the sea is much faster. So, we estimate that it will take at least five years for the Chinese tyre company to double its current capacity overseas.
In 2018, there were about 91 million whole steel tires and 210 million half steel tires exported from the mainland of China. In the case of exports to the United States, China exported half steel to the United States at the peak of nearly 60 million each year, with a total of more than 17 million steel tires. Although in the last two years the volume of exports declined rapidly with the increase in tax burdens, some of them were replaced by Chinese foreign output in the sea, and some were replaced by higher-grade international branded tyres (China has lost its value after taxes).
The demand for high-priced tyres in China is also the first market to be taken back by Chinese tyres. The European market, which began at the end of 2018 with a fixed tax of Euro62 per tyre on all steel tires in China, is also rapidly shrinking the total number of steel tires exported from China to Europe on its own soil, and Europe’s demand for all steel tyres in China is about 10 million a year.
It can be observed that, even though the profitability of Chinese tyre enterprises abroad is evident and has triggered a symmetrical planning of overseas production capacity, the number of Chinese tyre enterprises with overseas plans has fallen by two orders of magnitude compared to the number of tyres in China’s peak period. We judge that the current process for China’s tyre enterprises is far from saturated, and that the dividends from overseas factories are still sustainable in the medium term.
In South-East Asia, where factories are at risk of new trade sanctions, more than half of the profits of the wheel tyres are now from overseas factories, benefiting from trade barriers to Chinese tyres in major markets, such as Europe and America. If the trade restrictions on Chinese tyres are lifted, China’s mainland remains the lowest-cost manufacturing base, and the tyres are exported smoothly, the level of profits from overseas factories will be significant.
But the risk is very low. Trade barriers to China’s tyre exports have a long history of trade barriers, not caused by frictions between the US and China in the last two years, nor have they been negotiated.
The global tyre industry has a long history in South-East Asia, with Michelin, Pristom, and solidities in Thailand, and has a long history. Trade sanctions have not been introduced in major markets. The Chinese tyre industry has been laid in South-East Asia for almost a decade, but in absolute terms it is far less concentrated than in mainland China.
Of course, the best way to avoid the risk is for China’s tyres to internationalize as quickly as possible and not put all the eggs in the same basket. 3. The risk of a new coronary pneumonia epidemic affecting tyre demand
But many countries and regions around the world outside China are still in a more severe state. More than 70% of the revenue from racing tyres comes from overseas markets, particularly in North America.
On 24 April, the American Association of Tyre Manufacturers (ustma) published a forecast of US-wide tyre exports in 2020, as a result of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic. As can be seen, the market for the replacement of tyres is less affected than the market for original tyres.
Accidents. The original tyre market corresponds to the sale of new cars, and the emergence of a crisis will reduce consumers’ desire to buy large quantities of durable consumer goods. The replacement market corresponds to the traffic of the stockcar, the transport needs, and the elasticity of this part of the life. And, as can be seen, the replacement market for truck tyres is the smallest, with only 7.3 per cent.
The American Association of Tyre Manufacturers consists of 13 tyre members operating 58 tyre factories in 17 states of the United States, with annual sales of $27 billion (one-sixth of the world ' s tyre market), including: Pristom, mainland, solid platinum, Gatong, solidity, Hantai, Kanko, Michiri, Nokia, Belong, Amigo, Toyota, Yokohama. Past data show that the projections of Stma are quite professional and accurate.
The downside of the vehicle shows that the overseas market has risks and certainty this year, but it does not have to be overly pessimistic.4 The risk of fluctuations in the price of natural rubber (1) is a natural rubber profile.
Natural rubber has excellent combinations with high elasticity, strength, long-extension, grinding, tear-resistant, shock-resistant, oil-resistant, alkali-resistant, corrosion-resistant, and good insulation, sealability, siliconity, and glue, and is widely used in various fields such as industry, agriculture, defence, transport, health care. There are currently more than 50,000 industrial products based on or related to natural rubber, the most important applications of which are tyre manufacturing. Natural rubber and oil, coal, steel and known as the four main industrial fields.
Since the 1950s, we have built natural rubber plantations in areas of latitudes 18-24 degrees north, including Hainan, Yunnan West, and other regions. But, subject to natural conditions, the country’s rubber-friendly areas are very limited in size, and our Government has been promoting the natural rubber industry with a variety of industrial support policies in the context of safeguarding the security of national strategic resources.
Natural rubber, as we usually refer to, is a natural emulsion from rubber trees, made out of processes such as condensation and drying. Natural rubber is a natural high-molecular compound with a concentration of epentadiene as its main ingredient, with a molecular formula (c5h8)n with a concentration of more than 90% rubber hydrocarbons (polypentadiene) and a small amount of proteins, fatty acids, sugar fractions and grey fractions.
Natural rubber has high elasticity at constant temperatures, slightly plastic, very good mechanical strength, very low lag loss, low heat during multiple deformations, and is therefore very resilient and, because of non-polar rubber, very good electro-insulation.
The chemical properties of natural rubber, because of the unsaturated double-keys, make natural rubber a chemically resilient substance, which can be fuelled by metals such as light, heat, ozone, radiation, scratching and copper, manganese, etc.
The natural rubber has better alkaline resistance, but is not resistant to strong acids. Since natural rubber is nonpolar rubber, it can only be resistant to a number of polar solvents, which are soluble in nonpolar solvents, it is very oil-resistant and solvent-resistant. Hydrocarbons, halocarbons, carbon dioxide, ethers, high-level ketones and high-fat acids are generally soluble for natural rubber, their solubility is influenced by the degree of plasticization, and low-level ketones, low-level esters and alcohol are soluble for natural rubber.
Demand for natural rubber The natural rubber industry, which is the backbone of the national economy, has a wide range of needs and is closely linked to macroeconomics, especially with the rapid growth of the automobile industry in emerging markets, which has created a wide range of space for demand for natural rubber. From the 1960s to 2008, global consumption of natural rubber grew at an average annual rate of over 3.1 per cent, from the 1960s to the 2008s.
More than 2 million tons of consumption in 1960 grew to 11.7 million tons in 2008. Global natural rubber consumption declined by 7.67% in 2009 as a result of the global financial crisis that affected the second half of 2008 to 2009. Natural rubber consumption increased to 1,081 million tons in 2010 as the global economy recovered slowly.
The Asia-Pacific region, especially China, is the largest demand market for natural rubber. The global tyre industry consumes natural rubber, broken down by downstream demand sectors.
70 per cent, the most important downstream industry, with 30 per cent consumption in the non-tire rubber industry. (3) Supply of natural rubber. Natural rubber is more demanding for natural conditions such as geography, soil, climate, humidity.
90%. Producers are mainly Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, India, China, Viet Nam, and Sri Lanka. Thailand, Indonesia, and Malaysia, together, have maintained their share of total global natural rubber production at over 70% in recent years. Traditional theory suggests that natural rubber cannot grow north of 15 degrees north.
However, under the conditions, the global area under natural rubber cultivation grew at an average annual rate of 3.4 per cent from 1961 to 2018, from about 2.1 million tons in 1961 to 1,388 million tons in 2018.
In alphabetical order, Cambodia, China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Papua New Guinea, the Philippines, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Thailand, excluding Papua New Guinea and Singapore, we counted nine natural rubber-producing countries, with a total area under natural rubber cultivation of 12.14 million hectares in 2019. The annual compound growth rate of total area cut by rubber trees between 2019 was 2.8%, which is roughly equal to the increase in demand for natural rubber during the same period.
The price of natural rubber is affected by supply and demand, but in the long run the price is still based on supply and demand. The demand side is affected by the global economic cycle, but by
On the supply side, rubber prices affect the incentives of rubber-growing countries, businesses, and rubber farmers to grow and cut them, while growing increases in supply lags due to the six- to nine-year maturity period for rubber trees. Natural rubber is an important raw material for tyre production, and fluctuations in the prices of natural rubber affect the profitability of tyre enterprises.
Large volatility, which had a significant negative impact on the profitability of the tyre industry in the year, showed that Malaysia ' s smr 20 rubber futures settlement price (US$/tonne) observed the price of natural rubber for nearly 20 years, with a major volatility trend being a wave of rising and falling stockholders in supply and demand relations, as well as a large trend in 2008 and 2017.
In 2002, China joined the wto, which is also the year of the blow-out of Chinese automobile sales, with a sharp increase in demand for tyres, a disruption in the balance of supply and demand for natural rubber, and a rapid upturn in the prices of natural rubber in the event of demand;
Since 2009, the country’s economic stimulus, which led to the construction of real estate and infrastructure, rapidly boosted transport demand, stimulated tire production, and led to a rapid upturn in rubber prices, which reached a high of $5,000/tonne. After 2011, the economy slowed down after the stimulus, resulting in a decline in the demand for natural rubber, which was added to the year-on-year growth of rubber trees that began growing after 2005.
At the end of 2014 and the first half of 2016, the price of natural rubber began to fall. At $1,500 per ton, rubber farmers began to give up rubber cutting due to production and cost of living, and the price of natural rubber The dollar was historically high, but the rebound from the bottom to the peak of $2,500 per ton in February 2017 was also amazing.
After several years of continuous decline, chemical cycles were reversed in the second half of 2016, when the tyre replacement market maintained low stocks for several years.
The U.S. launched a double counter-investigation of Chinese car tyres, and the U.S. distributors accelerated the delivery. Butadiene was removed, supply was tight, and prices rose by more than 300% between the second half of 2016 and the beginning of 2017, leading to higher prices for synthetic rubber.
The use of natural rubber instead of synthetic rubber. The blow-out in the shared bicycle short-time window dramatically increases the demand for rubber. (5) The future price of natural rubber is forecast.
Demand: Downstream demand growth has stagnated, although global trade has increased, but the overall economic situation has continued to grow, as has global commercial traffic. But there have been different trends in the volume of car sales, which peaked in 2017 and declined slightly in 2018 and 2019 as a result of rapid growth in the economy.
In fact, global sales of tyres have fluctuated slightly in recent years, growing at an instant rate, with global sales of tyres growing at $167.5 billion in 2017 and $16.86 billion in 2018. Tyres are downstream applications with more than 70% of global natural rubber, and demand for wheels is growing at a weak pace, making it difficult to see a bright growth in demand for natural rubber over the next few years on the current basis.
The cost of natural rubber cultivation, harvesting and processing is analysed first. The rubber plantation can grow 30 rubber trees at a cost of about $2 per seedling, which takes seven years from planting to starting. The amount of complex fertilizer and herbicides will be required over the seven-year period, as shown in the table below.
The rubber plantations have historically been deserted and have no land costs. Of course, there is a transfer deal for the existing rubber plantations, so there is an opportunity cost to own them. As a result, precise rental prices are difficult to obtain. China’s Hainan rubber is renting rubber plantations to maritime reclamation groups at an annual rent of about US$ 10/acre. We use the lease level for the next analysis.
At the time of rubber cutting, we used 30 years of linear depreciation to amortize the cost of planting, since the normal rubber tree has a shelf life of 35 to 40 years. The main component of natural rubber is polymetaladiene, which is made up of hydrocarbon oxygen, which is obtained by photo-cooperative use. Additional inputs into agrochemicals are generally no longer required during the period of rubber cutting. The main cost of rubber cutting is human labour costs, 50 acres per plant per plant, and average annual production of rubber plantations in the main South-East Asian country is 90 to 100 kilograms per acre, one is lower in our country.
Like 70 kilograms, we use 90 kilograms to calculate. The wage levels of the glue farmers, the income levels of the countries in South-East Asia, are very different, and we can tell from the data published by governments that the average income of farmers in Thailand, the first rubber-producing country, is about $200 per month, while the average daily salary of farmers in Indonesia, the second rubber-producing country, is less than $3 per day, and we use 200 dollars per person per month to calculate it.
After cutting the rubber, it is processed into dry rubber that can be transported and sold at a cost of approximately $150 per ton. A full production cost of $1189 per ton of natural rubber, of which the depreciated amortization cost is the sunk cost of $395 per ton, the United States dollar and the processing fee of $150, totalling $683 per ton of natural rubber.
We also use rubber cutting and land leasing as variables to conduct a sensitivity analysis of the full cost of natural rubber, as shown in the table below. Since rubber cutting rates are estimated to be between $100 and $200 per month, and land rents are estimated to be between zero and $10 per acre per year, the full cost falls on the green zone below. In 2019, the average annual price of natural rubber was $1,400 per ton, while in the orange zone below, rubber cultivation suffered losses.
We also use rubber cutting wages and land rents as variables for a sensitivity analysis of the transformations of natural rubber, as shown in the table below. Cash flows are negative in the orange zone, where the production of natural rubber should cease at a price of $1,400 per ton of rubber, which means that most of the time in the last four years has hovered between $1,100 and $1,500, and most of the time in several major South-East Asian producers of rubber.
In recent years, several governments in South-East Asia have complained about low rubber prices, claiming to combine production-limit prices or cut rubber trees for alternative cash crops. However, data show that rubber production in most of the South-East Asian rubber-producing countries in 2016, 2017, and 2018 has been rising year by year, with no price cuts or cutting trees.
The “opec” organization anrpc is more difficult than the “opec” to achieve a combined production limit. A different point is that oil production cuts are still buried in the ground, while natural rubber, more like photovoltaics, can’t be stored if it is dumped, can only be a net loss of production.
b In 2021 or 2021, or a natural rubber-capable caption in Asia, rubber trees that have served until the end of their life become economically uneconomical and growers have the option of replanting new rubber trees. In Asia, nine countries, the total replanting has fluctuated and remained largely stable over the last decade, but the proportion is declining compared to the growing area of cut-off. Over the last three years, the replanting area accounted for around 1.5 per cent of the area.
In addition to replanting, there are new areas under cultivation, which, as can be seen from the following graphs, were more active in the year of high rubber prices, with 560,000 hectares under cultivation in 2012, the highest point in history. As rubber prices go down, the area under new cultivation also falls year after year, reaching ice points in almost two years, with only 70,000 hectares under new cultivation in 2018, 9 million hectares under cultivation in 9 countries in Asia in 2019-2019, and 7 years of cultivation meaning cultivation between 2013 and 2019 in 7 of the seven years between 2020 and 2026.
But it cannot be calculated that nearly 30% of the capacity is awaiting release in the next seven years, because a portion of the current capacity of 9.28 million hectares may have been destroyed. The reason for our analysis is not the systematic reduction or conversion of other crops, as discussed above, but the assortment effect of the secondary sector.
With the growth of South-East Asian economies, especially in the context of the Middle-American Trade War, South-East Asian countries have seen rapid growth in manufacturing, which has accelerated the absorption of labour. The agricultural population has continued to decline, and the manufacturing population has continued to grow. We have calculated that in 2017, 2018, and 2019, nine Asian countries have lost nearly half a million metric tons of rubber cutter a year (not a net decrease), which may be due to a reduction in the volume deficit (i.e., a reduction in the area to be converted less than the area to be converted), and may also include a portion that can still be removed.
The reduction in the area of cutting is not a transfer of crops, as it is not accounted for in the total area under cultivation in each country and should be part of a return to productive capacity. Figure 38 Indonesia’s agricultural and manufacturing workforce (thousands of people)
In the next seven years, the area that can be added is known, and we assume a reduction of 500,000 hectares per year.
The labour force will be able to recover from waste because the total area under cultivation has not decreased.c New low-cost production capacity is ready to go with the rods. There are no technical and capital barriers to the cultivation and production of natural rubber, and the most important component of the cost is land and human capacity.
The cost of natural rubber cultivation in traditional rubber-producing countries, such as Thailand, has risen, reducing the willingness to grow when prices are low, but there will be other low-cost countries and regions willing to take over the relay rods produced by natural rubber. In South-East Asian countries, Myanmar’s economic development is significantly weaker than in countries like Thailand, Malaysia, and Indonesia, where it was harvested between June 2017 and June 2018.
242,000 tons of natural rubber came from about 310,000 hectares of rubber trees. 350,000 hectares of rubber forests in Myanmar are not open. The annual production of natural rubber in Myanmar may exceed 500,000 tons in six years.
Africa is expected to produce 960,000 tons of natural rubber in 2019, doubling its output over a seven-year period. Natural rubber production in Côte d’Ivoire is about 60% of that in Africa.
In the coming years, the global economic situation remains challenging, and the rapid growth of large economies like China between 2000 and 2007, combined with the negative impact of shared economic trends on the demand for tires in passenger cars, will sustain low growth in demand for natural rubber, even in aggregate terms. On the supply side, the signs of stagnant demand will also reduce the willingness to grow new crops, but due to the inertia of previous cultivation, the supply capacity of the traditional South-East Asian rubber-producing countries in the global master zone will grow by two years, in 2022.
In aggregate, natural rubber prices are likely to remain at a low price of $1,100 to $1,500 per ton in the coming years. In the end, natural rubber supply capacity is not a hard constraint on mineral-like resources, and the potential of suitable areas for cultivation is large, and as an agricultural product with no threshold, its price is still high.
Coincidences other than supply and demand may cause short-term fluctuations in rubber prices, but they do not affect the long-term value of tyre assets. Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and China Chemical Group seven years of management experience.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.