The old engineering machine has been rejuvenated, internationalized + diversified pilotships have grown, and Xu's machine has been covered for the first time in history.
As the founder of the Chinese engineering and machinery industry and the founder of the company on 28th of August, 2024, Xu was the only company to be listed as the company's only platform to host the group's high-quality industrial resources.
Xu is currently the lead company in the country for engineering machinery, with a variety and series of products, covering such things as Liu Yangdong lifting machines, earth machinery, concrete machinery, mine machinery and high-altitude operating platforms.
According to the UK’s khl group’s latest edition, the world’s top 50 manufacturers of engineering machinery, Xu’s fourth highest ranking in the world, ranked first among the domestic firms and first in the world’s industry for many years in a row.
Wang Yachi, the industry of engineering and machinery needs to be built and globalisation continues to be a melody. 1) The domestic market is stable from time to time or from time to time, and the signs of recent marginal improvement are clear, and data are sold in excavators and loading machines.
This month's improvement and positive growth is expected to start a new up-to-date cycle in the domestic engineering and machinery industry as the replacement window moves up and down to a large-scale equipment upgrading policy. (2) In recent years, our engineering and machinery manufacturers have been active in opening up overseas markets and completing the “products out of the sea” to “industry”.
The scale of exports of engineering machinery has continued to rise. In 2023, the value of our exports was 12 mtha shares of the price range.
Infinite a share/total share capital rises, offshore channels are being better placed, post-service markets are being built up, national product medals are being competed, and overseas market penetration is expected to continue to grow.
Institutional rejuvenation, internationalization + diversification to build long-term growth dynamics. In recent years, the Department has promoted its integrated competitiveness by: (a) completing the mix and consolidation of corporate assets, stimulating the dynamism and dynamism of companies; and establishing medium- and long-term incentive systems that support corporate executives.
Long-term development. 2) Companies work as strong traditional advantage industries, develop strategic innovation industries, guarantee long-term success in emerging business such as Chinese company mining machines and high machines, with revenues from mining machines/high machines increasing by 14.17 per cent/35.62 per cent on a year-on-year basis. 3) Internationalization of companies achieves a “go” from products to people to capital.
Out, moving into a high-quality "go-to-go" segment, into deep-farm localization, which has developed into an internationalized development model of overseas marketing, cross-border M&As, offshore construction and global R&D "four-one-size-fits-all." In 2023, companies earned $37.220 billion in sales abroad.
With only 5.8 per cent, and with the deepening of the global strategic layout system, there has been a significant increase in the share of companies in the market. Xu is the leader of domestic engineering and machinery, and as internationalization and diversification continue to deepen, we have less market demand than expected, less expansion of overseas markets than expected, exchange rate fluctuations.
Risk, market competition, risk of price volatility of raw materials, etc..1 The engineering and mechanical industry is a veteran, rejuvenating and rejuvenating. 1.180 years of history, the old Xu is at the forefront.
The company was founded in 1943 as the founder and founder of the Chinese engineering and machinery industry.
Xu was founded in 1993 and co-financed by the Xuzhou Group and its affiliated Engineering and Mechanics, Loaders and Marketing Company, and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 1996. Xu, as the only listed company of the Group, took over quality group financing.
Source: In 2020, Xu Xu Xu was limited in its mix and successfully invested US$ 21,056 million; in 2022, Xu Xu Xu Xu absorbed all assets under the limited flag of Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu X Xu Xu X X X X X X X X Xu Xu Xu Xu X Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu X X X X X Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu X X Xu Xu Xu X X X X X X X
Xu's share of the global engineering and machinery market was 5.3% in 2023, the fourth highest in the world. Of the top 50 rankings of 2024 global engineering and machinery manufacturers released by the khl group in the United Kingdom, Xu's share of sales in the global engineering and machinery market was 5.3%, ranking first in the country.
The world's fourth largest industry in a row of years. Companies have a full range of products, many of which are the largest in the world. Companies are the most diverse and diverse, full-fledged, global manufacturers of industrial machinery.
Traditional pillar industries such as earth machinery, crane machinery, pillar machinery, concrete machinery, surface machinery, and strategic and emerging industries such as mining machinery, high-altitude platforms, sanitation machinery, agricultural machinery, port machinery, rescue and rescue equipment.
(b) Road machinery, vehicle cranes, tower cranes, high-altitude platforms are among the top three: excavators are the sixth in the world, and China is the second in the world: loaders jump to the second in the world.
The company is controlled by the Xu Workers Group, which injects new dynamism into the transformation. In 2022, the company completed the mix-up and brought on the market Xu Workers Group core business as a whole, with the controlling shareholder changed from Xu Workers Limited to Xu Workers Group. By the end of 2023, Xu Industries Group held 20.83% of the company's shareholdings.
The company has a large number of wholly-owned and controlled subsidiaries. There are over 40 wholly-owned and controlled subsidiaries of the company, covering a wide range of operations, such as manufacturing, trading, marketing, technical services, asset leasing, etc. The company’s main wholly-owned subsidiaries include Xuzhou.
Heavy Machinery Co. Ltd., Xu State Gear Co. Ltd., Xu State Engineering Co., and Xu State Engineering and Machinery Group 1.2 mixed business dynamics, company profitability continued to increase Company revenue and profits increased double income from company operations in 2016-2023
For example, after 22 years of limited integration of Xu-geun, new operations have been introduced.
Diggers, concrete machines, mining machines, tower cranes, etc., and reclassification of the main battalion operations, merging excavator and shovel machines into earth machines, and crushing machines and road machinery into road machinery.
Improved profitability of companies with 2.17 percentage increases in Māori/net interest rates over 23 years and an increase in Māori rates from year to year, we believe that the company's Māori rate has increased, mainly as a result of digging.
High-quality assets such as machines, towers, etc., drive better product structure, higher overseas Māori rates, higher sales revenue, and so on. Net corporate interest rates rose by 1.06 percentage points in 2023 on a year-on-year basis, mainly because Māori rates rose significantly, and company costs were well regulated.
Companies focus on innovation in product R & D and market expansion, both within and outside the country, with higher R & D costs and sales costs. Companies value technological innovation and product R & D, with R & D rates at 3-4%. In addition, companies have continued to increase market openings, and sales fees have been increasing in recent years.
Figure 8: Changes in corporate Māori rates and net interest rates
2.1 The domestic cycle is at its bottom, with a renewal cycle and policy resonance 2.1.1 The engineering and machinery industry is downstream mainly of real estate, infrastructure, and its industry is home-grown
The size of the capital and capital investments is significant. Engineering machinery covers 21 major categories, with excavators being the first equipment in the market to be used extensively and to be built, and we consider them to be the wind cursor for measuring the industry's landscape, so that they are represented by excavators and re-opening the country.
Intra-engineering and machinery industry cycle: 1) 2008-2011 h1: 4 trillion investment plus national environmental standards shift industry scale-up. The "4 trillion" investment program stimulates a rapid increase in domestic fixed-asset investment.
At the same time, the country’s second environmental policy has been implemented, releasing prices from competition. Domestic real estate and capital investment has slowed down, and demand for engineering machinery has slowed, with the introduction of a zero down payment and low down payment sales policy at the mainframe plant 11 years ago.
Taking advantage of markets, pre-dumping market demand, falling market sales, cyclical and structural overcapacity in the industry, and entering a period of deep adjustment in the industry.
The engineering and machinery industry is in a state of adjustment, influenced by a variety of factors, such as upgrading and accelerating trends in machine generation. Capital investment is weak, property starters are accelerating, and slips, and high industry stocks affect the domestic consumption of excavators.
2.1.2 Real estate and infrastructure policies have been active, domestic demand for bottom engineering machinery and, since 2022, a steady growth policy has been in place in the country, with sustained support from both the real estate and the capital.
The cumulative decline of 10.1 per cent over the same period was slightly larger, with the “Three Works” policy accompanying the long-term healthy operation and steady growth of real estate, which had a positive impact on steady investment and demand, with real estate data available as the policy continued to progress and be implemented.
Looking forward to steady growth. From the capital side, the 100 billion-dollar increase in national debt has been gradually advanced, resulting in a more in-kind workload as the disbursement of funds within the budget and the issuance of specific debt have accelerated, capital investment has continued to grow at a steady rate, with 24m1-m6 of the country's infrastructure development investment completed.
The same ratio (excluding electricity) + 5.4 per cent, and we believe that, as the construction project stabilizes, there is an expectation of upstream engineering machinery requirements. Figure 11: China ' s cumulative capital investment is on a year-on-year basis (%)
The monthly sales of excavators have continued to grow in a positive way, with clear characteristics at the bottom of the cycle. We believe that, compared to the previous cycle, the sales of representative products of engineering machinery in this round have dropped to the bottom, with sales of about 90,000 domestic excavators in 23 years, down by 67.2 per cent from 21 years.
Hours are improving month by month, and in May they are positive, reflecting steady downstream terminal start-ups. According to sales data, 24m3-6 Chinese excavator sales were 9.3%, 13.3%, 29.2%, 25.6% respectively.
Improvements, with sales growing at a rate of 22.6 per cent in June, we believe that, with the recovery of the bottom of the demand for engineering machinery, data on the sale of non-diggered equipment late in the entry order will continue to improve. Figure 13: Data on hours of work in China (hours)
Figure 14: Reduced utilization of t-tons in the Ponze rental towers in March-June: Figure 15: 24m3-6 sales of domestic excavators equal to normal sales: Figure 16: sales of domestic loaders equal to +22.6 per cent in June
2.1.3 The updated cycle window is starting to add policy support, and a new cycle will be launched, which will be phased out as a result of ageing and reduced performance, and the market will purchase new machines to replace older ones: second, the market will be driven by environmental constraints, policy subsidies and product upgrades
The amount of equipment held in engineering and machinery is large, and a new cycle of equipment will be launched in 24 years. According to the Chinese Engineering and Mechanical Industry Association, the excavator industry has held more than 1.7 million shares over eight years.
Large-scale equipment upgrading policies have intensified and environmental protection requirements have accelerated the upgrading of old equipment. Since this year, the central levels of the State Council and the Ministry of Trade and Communications have been updating the relevant policies. In April, the Ministry of Housing and Construction issued Advancing Construction and Municipal Infrastructure Equipment.
In addition, Shanghai, Zhejiang, Shandong, etc., have introduced policies for the replacement of older and older equipment for engineering machines.
We believe that market demand for engineering machinery products is more strongly influenced by the size of the country's fixed-assessed investment, and that, given the low rate of economic growth and the upward trend of the transition, there will be new demand in the future.
Small space. At present, the domestic market for engineering and mechanical products, which is the foundation of domestic property and infrastructure policies, and the country's large holdings of engineering and machinery, is being implemented as the percentage of equipment upgraded, environmental requirements tightened and large-scale equipment upgrades are being implemented.
The mechanical industry is expected to start a new up-to-date cycle. 2.2 The offshore market is vast, with national product plates moving globally from product exports to industry, and our engineering and machinery are showing a bright start abroad.
Our engineering machinery, which has continued to pull together in a “one-way” infrastructure, has taken a ride out of the sea by means of an external charter, and, after many years of development, the country's pioneer manufacturers have made the transition from “product to “industry to sea”, and the strategic configuration of globalization has continued to deepen.
In 2021, with the accelerated recovery of demand in overseas markets following the epidemic, our engineering and machinery manufacturers took advantage of their combined competitiveness, taking advantage of the opportunities to travel to the sea, and the scale of their exports continued to rise. In 2021-2023, our exports rose to 48,552 million.
By region of export, our exports in Asia/Europe/North America accounted for 40.47 per cent, or 26.10 per cent, or 10.55 per cent, respectively. In addition, countries along the “one-way” route remain the main regions of domestic exports of engineering and machinery, and have been out of countries along the “one-way” for 23 years.
Figure 20: China ' s regions of export of engineering and machinery products in calendar years, Figure 19: China ' s exports of engineering and machinery and the same ratio (US$ billion)
According to China's Chamber of Imports and Exports of Mechanical and Electrical Products, 24m1-5 China's main engineering machinery and spare parts accumulated exports of $21.22 billion, an increase of 3.74 per cent over the same period.
Countries along the road together accounted for 61.35 per cent of exports, a significant increase from 23 years; Latin America and the Caribbean and Africa accounted for a higher and higher share of exports, with 24m1-5 increasing, respectively; Digger exports were reduced by a smaller volume; and some non-digger items continued to grow from exports.
Product structure, excavators, lift-and-drop platforms and loaders are the main export categories, with export volumes accounting for 41 per cent, 30 per cent and 18 per cent respectively in 2023. For 24 years, the excavator product has been divided by the high base of exports and the foreign market landscape, and the volume of export sales has been under pressure.
24m3-6 Our excavator exports continue to shrink; cranes, loaders, etc. are increasing. Recent international trade frictions have adversely affected China’s export growth, and our unique advantages in terms of supply chains, industrial chains, etc., are expected to contribute to excavation.
Foreign markets are vast, and domestic mainframe plants are still the main melody. Market patterns suggest that the Chinese Engineering and Mechanical Industry Yearbook data are used to measure global engineering machines.
The arms market is over $800 billion, the size of the overseas market is about twice the size of the country, and the market is wide open. We believe that many countries along the way are in the process of industrialization and urbanization or acceleration, and that the space for infrastructure development is still a national product.
Major areas of export: advanced economies such as Europe and the United States of America with large potential, long-term, internationalized strategic layout and strong brand competitiveness, where domestic mainframes have accelerated overseas market expansion and market share rapid in recent years
Upgraded, and many national producers have entered the khl global top 10 list. Our current market share in the world is 5.3 per cent/4.2 per cent/2.4 per cent, compared to the market share of Caterpillar and Siu Matsu. 16.8 per cent and 10.4 per cent, respectively.
So far, domestic firms have adapted their global production capacity planning, localized their localization strategies, accelerated globalization, improved distribution of overseas channels as the quality of their products improves, post-service market construction accelerates, and the overall competitiveness of national product plates continues to improve.
External market penetration is expected to continue the growth trend.3 New Xu is gaining momentum, internationalization + new chapter on diversity 3.1 changes are stimulating new dynamism and equity incentives are anchoring high-quality development expectations
In September 2020, Xu was limited in the completion of the mixed ownership reform, the introduction of the old stock transfer, the build-up of the capital into the war, and the introduction of employee ownership, which resulted in a “state capital + private capital + employee share”
In August 2022, the listed owner, Xu Engineering Machine, absorbed the original holdings, and the shareholders, Xu Yu, were limited, while Xu under a limited flag, dug machinery, concrete machinery, mining machinery, tower cranes and other engineering and mechanical support assets were injected into Xu's machinery.
Xu's main engineering and machinery industry is listed as a whole. After the reform, Xu's management level is streamlined, the governance structure is optimized and the company's business dynamic and internal dynamics are stimulated, while Xu's advantage assets are consolidated, competitiveness and risk resistance are consolidated.
In May 2023, the Corporate Incentive Scheme was awarded for the first time, with a total of 109,219,000 restricted shares at a cost of $3.09/equity.
Broad, the incentive scheme includes middle and senior management and core technical and business personnel, and we believe that long-term binding of company core talent will help to motivate people, help the public and equity incentives are clear, and the company's profitability is expected to increase further.
According to the equity incentive requirements issued by the company, performance appraisal targets involve net profit, won, and are not below the average level of industry or 75 rating levels for the target enterprise (or 23-3.2 diversified product layouts, with new openings for growth)
To be a strong traditional dominant industry, to expand the frontiers of innovation, and to grow dynamically. Companies are passing on dominant industries such as earth machinery, crane machinery, concrete machinery, etc.; and strategic new products such as high-altitude operating machinery, mine machinery, agricultural machinery, etc.
Building the most balanced and growth-oriented layout of “traditional hosts acting as breakthroughs + strategic new industries + core components support”: 1 in the core traditional industries, continuing to dig deep into domestic segmentation and stock market opportunities, and consolidating the edge of the edge, strong
Qualitative and effective upgrading; in the new strategic industries, building up the ladder development pattern, increasing industrial competitiveness and accelerating rational growth; and in the core parts and components industry, providing support for the diversity of host development.
3.2.1 The traditional dominant industries are highly competitive, and the industry is well-established. In the traditional dominant industries, cranes are the product of the company’s most competitive and large-scale advantages.
Global crane manufacturer tops 10, with Xu in second place. 2023 Global crane manufacturer tops 10.
Libherr head office (xcmg) cmg
Toee, toee, tonitovac, tonitowooc.
Sanyhe asany multi-field (tadanoltd.)
Tadano, a friend's ticket machine, sumitomo.
kobelco Trex (katoworksco.,ltd.)
Kato 3.2.2 Strategic and emerging industries are moving fast, achieving quantitative and qualitative growth, and companies continue to nurture and develop new strategic industries such as mine machines, high machines, agricultural machines, forklifts, etc.
Building a new growth curve. High- and mine-manufacturing performances, high-altitude platforms are now the first in the country, and third in the world, open-air mining equipment is the fifth in the world: forklifts, port machinery, and agricultural machinery are still being nurtured.
Growth in strategic and emerging industries was strong in 2023, with incomes rising by nearly 30 per cent and contributions by more than 20 per cent, up 4.5 percentage points. Revenue from high-altitude operation machinery increased by 1.7 percentage points compared to the share of the market in mining.
1) Mine Machines: Later on, the country's product medal leader. Xu's mining machine, which started late, left the excavator department in August 2018 and started operating independently; Xu's mechanical smart manufacturing base was completed in 2019; successfully handed over in 2020.
China’s first large-ton mine, with an unmanned hydraulic excavator, is now operating in the area of uninhabited mines. The Xudu mining machine currently has four large groups of products and more than 100 models, covering the entire field of “drilling, digging, transporting, breaking” open-air mines, becoming “China’s First and All”
Xu's growth was strong, with revenue in 20-23 years = 31.97%. Xu's growth has been rapid in recent years, with a high rate of income growth in 2020-2023.
When the mine business is incorporated into the public company, it is synergized, operating with increased efficiency and profitability. According to the investors' exchange announcement, in 2023, Xu's mechanical mining product was dominated by mining and mine cards, with total revenue in 2023.
2) High-altitude operational machinery: For years, deep farming, high-altitude connections, the company ' s high-air operations are dominated by Xu's Fire Safety and Equipment Company Ltd. (formerly Xu State Heavy Machinery Limited, Fire Vehicles Department). In 1995, Xu's first high cdz 53 mden in Asia was launched.
High-platform fire-fighting vehicles; in 2008, the company launched its first gks28 arm-mounted high-altitude operating platform to launch a new high-altitude safe operation. Since 2010, the company’s product group, which is dominated by high-level fire-fighting vehicles, has been ranked first in the country for five consecutive years, with a market share of over 60%.
In February 2016, Xu-geun formally launched the Xu-geun fire to quickly achieve a high-altitude platform industrial layout. In 2019, the company's new high-altitude platform factory became operational. In 2022, the company was operating at a global high-altitude operation in 2022.
On the overseas market, Xu's high-altitude platform is the most demanding product in Europe.
Cactus, North American ansi and Aus/nzs1418, and products have been exported to dozens of countries and regions, including Indonesia, Russia and elsewhere. 3) New products have been cultivated, and can be grown: companies are now actively developing agricultural machines, forklifts, ports.
Agricultural machines: Xu's agricultural machinery, which is the operational arm of the business, was established in June 2020 to focus on the domestic and international markets for high-end and medium-end agro-machinery, directed towards the main crops, seeds, crops and crops.
In 2023, agro-mechanical companies established a reputation for industrial beauty based on differentiated technology and high reliability, with tractors and harvesters delivering in bulk, with revenues increasing tenfold.
Forklift: In 2023, the company merged into the Forklift Enterprise to strengthen internal coordination, reception: the Xu Engineering Port was established in 2020, with the main mobile port machinery, targeting coastal ports, inland river ports, railways and partial segmented markets, moving around containers
Transport, distribution, distribution, etc., taking into account port and rail bulk capture operations, which are integrated to meet market and customer needs. Figure 28: Charts of Xu's agricultural machine products
Figure 29: Xu forklift product map 3.3 Based on the internationalization strategy, the internationalization strategy continues to be advanced and the global industry profile is further improved.
In the early 1990s, after more than 30 years of exploration, the Department had moved from the initial “outward” phase of trade exports to the “go-in” phase of deep-deep localization and was accelerating its progress towards a “go-go” phase of high-quality development.
Internationalized development models of oral trade, green land construction overseas, cross-border M & As and global R & D “4 One” (1) have a well-developed global marketing service system: corporate brands are superior, marketing
The system is perfected, while continuing to strengthen the advantages of country layout along the “one-way” route, by increasing the distribution of marketing channels and extensive global distribution networks in developed countries such as Europe and the United States. By the end of 2023, companies had 39 overseas molecular companies and 40 operations.
The Branch, 40 large spare parts centres and more than 300 overseas distributors, with a marketing network covering 193 countries and territories across the globe, can provide a full range of product marketing services, value chain services and holistic solutions to global clients.
2) Building an innovative system of “Global Synergy+Autonomous Research and Development”: a global collaborative R & D system of front-line technology research centres within the United Nations and overseas research centres in Germany, the United States, Brazil, India, etc., making full and efficient use of local and international regional advantages in R & D
The company has developed a large number of products that match local needs for use: South-East Asian spectrometry products adapted to the hot and wet climate, Russian cryogenic spectrometry adapted to the cold climate.
Products (high cold cranes), Middle Eastern spectrum products adapted to dust, dry and hot climates, etc. 3) Mergers and acquisitions of high-quality overseas resources leading to industrial upgrading: In 2011, Xu first acquired two spare parts enterprises, Germanyft and the Netherlands Amca, to produce high-end hydraulic valves
Internationally advanced and import-substitution was achieved; in 2012, Xes, a joint venture with the Schwijing family to create a holding company, fully-owned first brand of concrete machinery supplier Xwiping, expanded the European marketing network.
An overseas manufacturing base and a kd assembly plant, on the one hand, can benefit from local tariff and other preferential policies: on the other hand, it is possible to use the plant as a base for radiation and extension to neighbouring markets.
Keep moving forward with the “internationalization master strategy” and accelerate the “go-go” phase of high-quality development. Xu is now building an internationalized operating system for “1+14+n” with branding, global marketing, from home-grown, global brands to global brands of trust.
The “two-step” brand of world-class brands crossed, creating world-class brands competing for new export revenues with continued innovation; the share of overseas revenues rose further from 15.35 per cent to 40.09 per cent.
100 per cent; high-altitude platforms, machinery, fire trucks, over 300 per cent increase, 100 per cent increase in all-ground, vehicle hangers, port hangers, skating loaders, and higher growth in slings, mines, rollers, stallors, concrete blenders.
50 per cent, with more than 20 per cent growth in excavators and cross-country suspensions. 1) Heavy lifting machines: the company ' s traditional superior products, assuming the industry continues to have a favourable outlook for overseas exports, given that the current construction and renewal cycle of the domestic engineering industry will begin.
2) Earthworks: This business includes excavators, loaders, etc., company excavators and loaders, which are more competitive in both domestic and foreign markets, and high-altitude platforms as the engineering and machinery industry week 4): the company has the third highest-altitude platform in the world, assuming that
8) Other engineering machinery, spare parts and others: companies are actively developing new and emerging industries, and we believe that the engineering and machinery industry is well established and that, as the benefits of steady growth policies become apparent, the start-up of the inventory equipment renewal cycle and large-scale equipment upgrading policies are in place.
The domestic engineering and machinery industry is expected to start a new cycle. In addition, Xu has insisted on a strategic international approach, with the company’s share of overseas cities having a greater potential for improvement as products are upgraded in quality, overseas channels are better and services are more well developed. Xu is the home country.
Market demand is not as high as expected: the engineering and machinery industry is heavily influenced by investments in infrastructure and real estate, and the current domestic engineering and machinery industry has a bottom-up cycle, with adverse effects on company operations if market demand does not recover as expected.
Offshore market expansion is not as risky as expected: if geo-conflict tensions persist or risks such as sea-based foreign trade are exacerbated, they can have a negative impact on firms' export operations, and hence the risk of exchange rate fluctuations: companies expand their overseas construction plants and expand their markets for overseas products.
Accounting in national currencies or United States dollars, influenced by the complex international situation, future competition in overseas markets increases the risk: there are a large number of competitors in the engineering and machinery industry, if the trend towards competition in the industry continues to increase, or has an impact on the profitability of companies.
Risk of price volatility of raw materials: The cost of raw materials is an important part of the production costs of the engineering and machinery industry, and if there are significant fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and spare parts, this will have an impact on the performance of the company.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.