The full-scale layout of the engineering machinery is electro-dynamic.
▪ Events: The company's downline in June, the world's first hybrid mine excavator, led to large-scale mining with excavators, which led to electric layouts early in the morning, with the largest electric loader sales in the year 2023. The company has been fully operational since 2018.
Of this amount, 1,046 new energy loading machines were sold, of which first, 23.8 per cent were marketed; electric excavators xe215e, xe270e had already been sold in bulk and were widely used in the context of the Kawasaki railway, mines, low-emission ports, tunnel construction, etc.;
The platform for high-altitude operations has covered a 4-45-metre series of main machines with a 35-per-cent arm-loaded high-speed market; it has built a fully-fledged crane dedicated mixed power technology platform, with product motivation and economy-wide mobility to provide diversified client services, shortening the return cycle and reducing operating costs.
Flexible customer services (a completely new framework of three power systems designed for a coal mine customer's electrical installation, with more efficient work while recovering the full-car acquisition cost of 7,500h), laying down a solid customer base. Second, companies provide new energy packages for each client's own business scene.
Solutions, harmonization of product-based energy methods, reduction of individual equipment infrastructure inputs while facilitating fleet management and significant reduction of unit operating costs.
The company's products are powerful, and the electric products have a significant advantage in extreme conditions. In high altitude, mines, and the first quarter of 2024, it is reported that the mix is driving the release industry.
Under the circumstances, due to low air density, insufficient combustion of fuel, average reduction of internal combustion power elasticity, red buyback confidence, cold, high humidity, extreme working conditions can still guarantee higher stability and provide stronger core competition.
Power. In terms of technology reserves, companies have deployed a variety of technologies, such as mixing/pure electricity/hydrogen fuel cells.
In the medium-to-long term, companies are excellent in the field of mine machinery, electrodynamic machinery.
1. Deep-farming of new energy engineering and mechanical industries, long-line layout of new growth poles 1.1. Comprehensive layout of new energy chains for engineering and machinery, diversification of solutions to expand downstream possibilities
In 2018, the company began to enter new energy-based mining plates, building products such as pure power loaders, pure electric trucks, mixed mine trucks, etc. by 2022, and is currently developing hydrogen-energy mining vehicles, compared to pure electricity mine excavators, and in June 2024 it launched the first full-scale pure power mine.
The location of pure electric mining is undoubtedly a milestone in the development of electrodynamics in the engineering and machinery industry. New energy technology routes are moving in tandem, with diversified solutions adapted to different market demands.
Energy technology reserves cover multiple routes such as diesel hybrids, pure electricity, hydrogen fuel cells, hydrogen fuels/low-carbon internal combustion engines, while providing new energy solutions for packaged energy, allowing for fleet management at the same time. There is a significant advantage in the reduction of emissions from electric products and extremes. 1) Reduction in emissions: the conversion of new energy engineering machinery reduces energy consumption by an average of 50% to the left.
Right, significantly lower operating costs and carbon emissions; 2) extreme conditions: In the case of high elevations, the efficiency and economics of the company’s powered products are significantly reduced by a low air density, an average 10% reduction in internal combustion power and a 6% increase in fuel consumption.
(i) Power structure: for example, a new three-power power structure for the needs of a mine customer in the north-west has been built to facilitate transport and handling of coal, and delivery has been successful.
The 5-ton inner loader is expected to reduce diesel fuel consumption by 240,000 litres and carbon emissions by 670 tons. 2) New energy package solutions: the new energy mainframe product matrix of the company is full, with new energy packages tailored to different operating scenarios.
Basic equipment end-of-end R & D is deep enough to cover the need for interoperability of multiple mainframe parts. The company focuses on basic parts and components and undertakes research and development on such basic projects as engineering machine-specific battery packages, electric machines, controllers, and power-drive integrated systems, in response to a variety of possible extreme working conditions (drought and wet, continued flight life, external shocks, stability, etc.).
At the same time, the interoperability of components by different hosts is effectively covered through such means as platforming, specialization, and integrated design. The self-researching of basic components is accompanied by long-term technological accumulations that guarantee their quality and good cost control. 1.2. New energy products are expanding rapidly, giving new dynamism to the company’s future development.
In 2023, companies generated the largest amounts of pure electric engineering: mining machines, loaders, forklifts, 12%, 10%, and about 10%, respectively. The electric loader & card-loading company had two bright spots, with high-market rates of growth.
1) The company's new energy loader and electric mine card are running at full speed, and the industry is growing at a high rate. 1 electric loader: the company sold 1,046 units in 2023, ranked first in the industry, with a market share of 23.8 per cent. The total revenue for the electric 2024h1 sector is about $900 million, of which the new energy mine card has increased by 400 per cent in the same year, leading the entire industry.
The penetration rate of electric loaders and new energy cards is still low (14.5 per cent in June 2024), new energy mines 3) and others: 1 electric excavator: the company has already achieved bulk sales of electric excavators xe215e and xe270e, with a wide application of the rice-series main machine type, with a 35 per cent share of high-armar markets. The company has built mature cranes dedicated to hybrid power technology.
Platforms, product dynamics, economics, leading the world. 3 Electric Heavy Cards: In 2023, the subsidiary Xu's car sold electric weights, nearly 5,400, ranked first in the industry, earning nearly $4 billion in revenue, and amplifying electricity costs for listed companies. Downstream investments are not as high as expected; industry cycles are volatile; international trade disputes; and electric technology breakthroughs are not as high as expected.
Xu's three major financial forecasting forms, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.