Performance meets expectations, efficiency gains and accelerated sea trip. Xu's mid-four years of evaluation.
Performance meets expectations and profitability continues to be optimized. 24h1 achieved revenues of 49.632 billion yuan, compared to Xu Engineering Mechanics (000425.sz), mainly due to the continued relative weakness of the industry ' s domestic demand performance and the company ' s initiative to suspend some of its low-morigin products.
Production. The 24h1 company realized a net return profit of $3.706 billion, an increase of 3.24 per cent in the same year, and a net interest rate of 7.47 per cent, an increase of 0.47 pct in the same year, of which 24q2 achieved a net return profit of $2.11 billion, an increase in the same year □ lubei_yj@chinastock.com.cn
The share of overseas operations increases, and costs are optimized. The share of earth machinery and overseas operations increases. 24h1 companies ' traditional business plates, such as the heaviest/soil/crete, increase the rate at the same scale - 15%/+7%/-3%, and the share of earth machinery increases from 24.3% in 23 years.
Due to the weakness of overall demand in the industry. At the national and international levels, 24h1 companies achieved internal/external income, enhanced risk control, robust cash flow: 79.6 billion exposures, 4.4 billion at the beginning of the year, and 13.7 billion at the end of 23h1.
Shared operations; (2) establishment of wind control centres dedicated to managing accounts receivable; synchronized management of customer quality; (3) change in sales structure, with an increase in overseas share. 24h1 company lost $100 million in credit impairment, compared to 23h1
The company’s products are fully covered, new business and overseas expansion are more than 300 times deep, covering for the first time a “recommended” rating.
1. Industry depth [Galactic Machinery] _ Mechanical Industry _ Research Series on Maritime Specialization (Engineering Machinery) _ Regional Disparity of Performance, Host Plant
2. Monthly report of the industry [Galaxy] _ Mechanical industry _ Continued improvement of sales in the excavator in July, pending the return of the industry to the bottom of the catalog
I. Old engineering and machinery manufacturers, new business and new business, new business, new life, (i) full product coverage, enhanced cyclical capability.
The largest 160-ton all-ground crane in Asia was successfully developed in 1995 and in 1993 the Xu Engineering Machinery Company Ltd. was established jointly by the Xu Engineering Group and affiliated companies, and the latter was listed on the deep-seated plate in 1996 (the “Su Engineering Machine”).
In 2002, Xu's debt was transferred to a new company, Xu's Engineering Mechanics Ltd. (Su's limited), and in 2009 Xu completed the reorganization of its assets by means of a fixed increase and made the entire core assets available to the public. In 2011, Xu's entry into the top five of the world's engineering and machinery industry.
In 2012, Xu acquired Schwi Yin, introduced a German concrete machine package, and acquired two high-end hydraulic units in the Netherlands, Mac, Germany, and ft. In 2013, the self-developed “global number one” 4000-tonne track crane was suspended. In 2018, Xu's 700-tonne hydraulic excavator was delineated, marking China's fourth post-City, Japan, and the United States with 700-tonne capacity.
In 2020, Xu finished a limited mix, completed a stake transfer, introduced a strategic investor and employee holding platform, and enhanced governance. In 2021, Xu was ranked third in the global engineering and machinery industry.
In 2022, Xu was able to absorb all the assets under Xu's limited flag and complete its overall listing.In 2023, Xu initiated the IQ project and signed a strategic cooperation agreement with ibm, sap. ...
Xu was one of the most comprehensive companies in the field of engineering and machinery. The company started with a crane, and the product is now covered by the surface machinery, the crane machinery, the concrete machinery, the high-altitude machinery, the mining machinery, the road machinery, the pillar machinery, the agricultural machinery, and so on, and has achieved a wide range of product coverage in the field of engineering and mining machinery.
In 2023, for example, the ratio was 24% and 23%, with high-altitude and mining machinery being the newest industries with the company’s potential. During the 2021 rounds of the last cycle, the company’s revenues grew at a constant rate of positive annual growth, while, as a result of the downward cycle of engineering machinery, the company’s revenues grew at a negative rate in 2012-2015.
However, as we can see, as the ratio of corporate exports to exports is optimized from 21 years and output, corporate revenue is gradually becoming more robust, independent of the rate of excavator sales. And the net return profit of public administrations has been growing steadily for 23 years.
The growth rate of revenue in the figure has been adjusted to a comparable situation of 30%; costs have been properly managed during the period after the 2022 rate of income growth has been taken into account for absorption of the merger. Since overseas expansion requires investment in marketing resources, overseas construction, etc., has also increased the demand for overhead expenditure, with domestic revenue rising at a slower rate than domestic demand, with companies rising by 4.45 percentage points in 2022 on a year-on-year basis.
Engineering and machinery are technology-intensive, labour-intensive, capital-intensive industries, and human efficiency reflects, to some extent, the efficiency of the company’s management. Compared to the trio, Willows, and UCK, Xu is more efficient.
For 23 years, workers were able to generate 3.3 million yuan per person and 1,895,000 yuan per person per person, respectively, and are at the forefront of the industry. (ii) In the face of continuing excellent performance in the sea, with sustained growth in capacity-building, it is an important way for domestic engineers and mechanics to open up new growth points.
Since 2021, China’s engineering and machinery market has experienced a cycle of low domestic demand, with 90 million machines sold in 2023, down 41 per cent from the same year, which has dropped by more than 40 per cent for two consecutive years. Second, with years of operation, Chinese firms’ ability to compete with their brand products, technologies and services and to move beyond large overseas plants, the global market rate remains at a high level.
According to khl, the global list of engineering and machinery manufacturers in 2024, the share of Xu’s global market in 2023 was about 5.3 per cent, the tri-heavy workforce was about 4.2 per cent, the Central and Central Major Section was about 2.4 per cent, well below the 16.8 per cent and 10.4 per cent of Caterpillar’s, while the Māori rate for export products was often higher than the internal sales, which could improve the profitability of domestic engineering and machinery manufacturers to some extent.
At the end of 2023, the company had 39 overseas subsidiaries, 40 large overseas services and spare parts centres, and a marketing network covering 193 countries and territories worldwide. At the overseas production and distribution level, the company experienced the ability to travel from the retrofit assembly industry (Poland jointly established kd).
(e.g. construction of plants in Brazil in 2012, acquisition of German Schwig, acquisition of Dutch mac, German national ft, etc.) and towards a regional integration production network with symbiotic synergies (e.g. active construction in Mexico in 2021 and 2024, with plans to integrate North America and the Americas at the core of the Mexican production base). 24h1/2023 share of Xu's overseas income in Bida.
By 44 per cent/40 per cent, with a significant increase from 15.3 per cent in 2021, overseas operations will flourish further in the future. (iii) State-owned equity reforms will generate efficiency gains, and equity incentives will highlight business confidence, diversification, and focus on functionality. Reforms will guarantee both State ownership and the role of market-based mechanisms and strategic partners.
After the reform, the profitability of Xu's machinery improved significantly. After the merger, new soil was added to the structure of Xu's machinery products.
The net interest rate increased by 4 percentage points in 2022, driven by new high Maori products such as diggers and towers. Xu State Treasury is the realist. Xu's manager remains Xu's employer (as of May 24)
20.83 per cent) and Xu Industries Group (with 90.5 per cent of the shares) are controlled by the Xu State National Finance Committee. The number of fully-owned subsidiaries and holding companies belonging to the company is high, affecting over 10 per cent of the net profits, including Xu State heavy machinery, Xu's excavation machinery, Xu's fire safety equipment, deep-seated core staff, stock incentives, and the unlocking of conditions to increase the company's confidence in its operations. In 2023, the company implemented a stock incentive program.
The first award was made to management and core technical/operational staff, with a repurchase price of $3.09/unit and an award of 109 million shares for the first time. Table 3: Corporate Restricted Stock Incentive Schemes, 2023 II, 24h1/24q2: Profit is expected and the quality of operations continues to improve.
Production of low Māori-related products. 24h1 achieved net return profit of RMB 3,706 million, growth of 3.24 per cent in the same year, interest rate of NRM 7.47 per cent, increase of 0.47 ptt in the same year, of which 24q2 achieved net return profit of RMB 2.11 billion, an increase of 1.89 per cent in the same year, ring increase of 31.44 per cent and net return of the mother
The company 24h1’s management/sales/financial/research and development costs are $1,242 million/$3.134 billion/$1.228 billion, respectively. Digger data show a sustained improvement in the internal market margins, massive equipment upgrades to stimulate replacement demand to release, and industry’s bottom-up rebound.
The Division’s product coverage is comprehensive, new operations and overseas expansion are well under way, reforms promote efficiency gains, and performance growth is steadily increasing with certainty. For the first time, we have doubled the coverage to “recommended” ratings.
I am committed to presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.