h1 High performance and intelligent construction of core competitiveness \triangleright \triangleright
The profits of $1.607 billion, compared to +64.40 per cent. The 22-year high performance of h1 was mainly due to the increased sales of photovoltaic units and semiconductor materials, the emergence of silicon-linking efficiency gains, security of supply chain cooperation management Continued innovation to boost mitigation efficiency and actively expand the advanced capacity of g12.
New and technological advances have reduced the consumption of silicon per unit of product by nearly 6 per cent on the same basis, and the capacity of single-crystal furnaces has increased by 19 per cent; silicon a product ratio has increased significantly, by 19 per cent, along with the number of kilograms per kilogram of silicon thickness.
Dun Yongkang, same ratio + 24%. With 50gw (g12) solar-grade single crystal silicone smart plant expansion, 25gw-efficient solar energy per year, and 30gw-year-old solar pure.
In addition, in April, the company announced that it was in the middle of the year.
The construction of 120,000 tons of multi-crystal silicon capacity is expected to lead to further cost reductions while the supply chain is firmly in place. g12 + tiles create differential advantages. The company owns a patent authorization for the sunpower monocrystal component, currently producing 8 gw and 3gw for the g12 high-efficiency silicon component project in Jiangsu and Tianjin, respectively.
Construction of a demonstration line for 2gwg 12 batteries in the Su region, leading the automated, intelligent industry. Intellectual property rights and technology based on ibc batteries-assemblies, tiles-based components owned by maxeon.
With a new advantage, the competitiveness of products will increase in the future. Semiconductor sales will increase significantly, and output will expand immediately.
The semiconductor silicon is expected to produce 300,000 tablets per month at the end of 2022, 1 million tablets per month at the end of 2022, and 900,000 tablets per month at the end of the year at the end of the year at the end of the year.
The growth of energy and semiconductor operations, as well as the mix-plus incentives, are expected to fully release the company's dynamism and maintain “the \triangleright inch silicon client growth below expectations”.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.