q3 performance forecast is higher than expected, silicon is more profitable than higher, product structure continues to be optimized, and silicon supply release is expected to boost the delivery of q4. Given the reduction in silicon supply due to restrictions on electricity and overhaul in July-August, and the restrictions on industrial chain production, we expect q3 companies to come out.
1. “Industrial 4.0 core competitiveness casting is profit-based, and product structure is continuously optimized. With additional silicon capacity to reptilize and repair it, the supply of silicon is expected to continue to grow, and we measure an increase of about 10% in the output ring ratio of the components in September and is expected to continue in October.
In the context of higher upstream silicon prices, q3 companies have raised the cost of price transfer several times, while continuing to promote technological innovation and changes in manufacturing methods.
Effectively reducing manufacturing costs, single-stage monthly production, yield rate, a product rate increase, unit silicon consumption, metrology/w, ring increase of about $0.03/w. As q4 silicon supply increases, the output of the components increases, the industry continues to grow, and corporate profits are expected to increase continuously throughout the year.
The semiconductor silicon silicon business is expanding steadily. The benefits of semiconductor silicon production release and product competitiveness are increasing, and q3 companies continue to increase their polishing, extension, and output on a similar scale.
Industry 4.0 builds core competitiveness and technology is a profitable moat. The company relies on industry 4.0 to continue its decline, with an automated industry leading, while participating in the globalization of the maxeon-based manufacturing industry, with the hope of increasing competitiveness and increasing its share in the trend of photovoltaic firms to build their plants abroad.
The performance of Dowi is expected to continue to increase as he takes the lead and guarantees high-purity stone-and-sand cast for profit. (8621) 61357595 Zhang Gavin
▪ Increased industry competition, silicon price fluctuations, and less than expected light-voltage machines.