The production and sale of photovoltaic, semiconductor materials and the long-term growth of industry's 4.0 + tile-based products are significant events: the company published its semi-annual 2022 report, 2022h1 achieving operating income of $31,698 million, 2.75 pcts. 1) New energy sources of photovoltaic materials: in terms of volume, the increase in yield capacity accelerated.
By the end of 2022h1, single crystal silicon production capacity increased by 24 per cent to 109gw in 2021, with sales increasing by 24 per cent on a year-on-year basis. With the completion of the six-stage 50gw(g12) project in Ningxia mid-ring, production capacity will exceed 140gw. On the cost side, silicon consumption per year decreased by 6 per cent, and output per unit increased by 19 per cent.
The cost advantage of the company will be highlighted as silicon prices eased in the second half of the year (million shares). N-silicon technology is more difficult + high-matching battery properties bring higher premiums.n
Total market value/flow (million yuan) The silicon market is the highest in the industry, with 12 months of maximum/minimum (million yuan) of high-efficiency batteries such as Topcon, hjt and ibc
Large-scale production, the volume of the company ' s n silicon tablets will continue to increase, with the prospect of passing through the supply and demand period of silicon tablets. 2) Semiconductor material: the scale of the product has increased significantly.
Camp operations are multi-crystal silicon, with investment returns of $585 million in 2022h1. Industrial 4.0 brings with it a high-quality efficiency, and the “Scaffold + g12” product drives long-term growth. 1) Increases in flexible production capacity through the upgrading of smart manufacturing.
Mobilize productivity, improve the consumption of raw materials efficiently, reduce operating costs, and contribute strongly to product quality upgrading, thereby generating profitability and space for companies. 2) Battery modules adhere to a two-platform +g12 differentiated route. For batteries, 2gw/year g12 power is built in Jiangsu region.
In terms of components, there is currently 11gw/year of high-efficiency component capacity, and stacked tile 3.0 products associated with g12 silicon tiles are approved by the client.
Investment proposals: N-silicon industry leads, semi-conductor product scale up rapidly, industry 4.0+cumulative component products contribute to advanced development, looking at medium- and long-term growth space.
The priority projects continue to be active, the marginality is going to be good, the marginality is going to be going to be good.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.