Report 2024 & Quarterly 2025: Near-pregnounced performance increased by 22 per cent compared to the previous year, with ship repair and seawork earning 75.4 billion yuan, 7 per cent compared to the previous year, and company gross operating income increased by 15.9 billion yuan, 4 per cent compared to the previous year, and net profit to the mother increased by 1.130 billion yuan.
181% long, with profits in the medium forecast, and in line with market expectations. In 2024, the company's new arrivals were optimized, with container ships, tankers, vlecs, etc., ranked among the highest in the world, supporting the follow-up Māori upturns and cost-control capabilities.
The interest rate of 9.6 per cent, an increase of 0.3 pct on the same year, and the removal of four marine platforms from the high bridge, excluding subsidiaries, have the effect of 6.2 pct, benefiting from the upturn in the ship industry, the difference between the increase in ship prices and the exchange rate and the price of steel scissors, the continuing lead-up cycle in hand-made ship manufacturing, and the continued increase in the combined strength of Chinese ships
In April 2025, the Office of the United States Trade Representative published 301 conversions to China's maritime, logistics and shipbuilding industry, China Ships (600150): performance forecast for 2024, resulting in a reduction in the strength of the proposed sanctions, the initial landing of the results of the survey and the availability of needles to shipowners.
In the medium term, the shipbuilding industry has reached a high, but far from over, supply rigid support ship prices, demand side digestion of front-load overflows, bulking of goods.
In January 2025, the China Ship Absorption and China Heavy Industry Programme was approved by the competent authorities, including the State Finance Committee of the State Council, and the reorganization plan was considered and adopted by the boards of directors of the two sides.
In the context of continued North-South ship mergers, reduced competition and synergies, China's integrated ship competitiveness continues to be a high-quality asset group, and the global ship-building pipeline is on track.
Taking into account the company’s leading position in China’s ship manufacturing industry, the “buy-in” rating is maintained. China’s three major financial forecasting tables, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.