A non-financial company assessment report for the National Defence Force ' s naval equipment.
- Reorganization program approved, cycle profits on a continuous basis Investment rating: purchase (maintenance)
The purchase orders were loaded with high ship prices, and the company’s profits continued to improve: since 2022q4, the rise in the price of new ships has been driven by Wang Xewu’s move from traditional market demand to green ship demand renewal. The ship-building market has been subject to short-term fluctuations in shipping markets and beauty.
The country's policy influence on China has been somewhat weak, but the Clarkson New Ship Index, supported by capacity constraints, has remained high since 2008, while the order fleet is 28.9% larger than just 2008q4.
The imo decarbonization programme has solid green renewal cycles, and the re-engineering programme for ships has been approved with promising synergies: while the green \triangleright colour regulation has contributed to the phasing out of old ships, global shipyards can only meet basic updates and green renewals.
In this context, the fleet’s green renewal and persistent stress on production capacity further drive the current ship-building cycle. China’s ships, as industry leaders, take advantage of this market opportunity with strong productive capacity and technological advantage, and have a strong incentive to grow.
The recent approval of the national re-engineering program by the regulatory authorities marks a substantial phase in resource consolidation. By focusing on group integration, companies are expected to achieve upstream and downstream business synergies, further unleash the company’s potential, enhance the company’s core competitive power, and provide a solid basis for sustained future performance growth.
Deep-sea technology is on the rise, with the development of an integrated shipbuilding flagship industry. For the first time, Deep-sea technology was explicitly identified in the 2025 Government Report as a strategic emerging industry, along with commercial space, low-altitude economies, marking a historic leap from “engineering implementation” to “a chain-wide science-driven” strategy for our maritime powers.
China’s ships are home-grown ships. We expect to return to the mother’s net profit in 2025-27.
The highest/lowest consideration in a year is that the ship's green cycle is still in progress, with companies expected to continue to increase their profits, new industries to develop or create new environmental constraints less than expected; global economic downturns and stagnating risks.
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.