The Nanking Bank, as a bank with a traditional advantage in the field of financial cooperation, has a 17-year interest rate on co-financing.
The company’s rental market has progressed, and Jiangsu’s financial lease, the second largest shareholder and the owner, has been approved, and will continue to focus on Jiangsu’s financial lease development in the future.
Now that the company's growth is steady, the growth space will be opened again, taking into account the fact that Nanjing Bank is clearly better than the industry's growth and asset quality performance, there is room for significant improvement in valuation. We expect that revenue performance will improve on a seasonal basis, and that interest differentials are expected to pick up steadily.
We believe that the reasons for this improvement include: (i) a steady return in net interest differentials as a result of slower asset-scale expansion; and (ii) an improvement in net corporate interest income resulting in a 5.4 per cent decline in net interest income over the year, compared to the previous three years.
Quarterly (-9.3 per cent) marginal improvement; (2) Net corporate fee performance is warming, year-on-year increases, Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
The size of the company ' s assets has declined slightly, and the structure of the company has continued to push down the non-standard size in the four quarters, equity investment has decreased by 3.6 per cent, portfolio investment as a proportion of total asset size at the end of the four seasons has decreased by 6.4 per cent, compared to the end of the three quarters.
In the context of this review, the company actively adjusted its asset structure to reduce the size of its assets in the second and third quarters, and we believe that, given the state of corporate assets in the fourth quarter, the company is still under structural adjustment pressure for 18 years, but gradually reduced. At the end of the debt, the company's four-quarter deposits performed well, with a 3.0 per cent increase in the size of the deposits.
And the company's dependence on active liabilities is reduced, corporate liabilities are reduced by 4.2 per cent relative to the size of the debt, assets are of good quality, and the base of the provision is further strengthened.
The Division’s annual negative rate of production was 1.0% in the fourth quarter, with a slight increase over the three quarters, but a significant reduction of 44bps compared to the same period last year. The company’s provision was solid, with a 463% coverage at the end of the fourth quarter, further up from the end of the third quarter, and the company’s provision was industry-led. The company’s credit cost was 1.31% in the fourth quarter, down 17bps from the same period last year.
A solid base of provision would open up the space for future performance.