The public media report (002027), which reports that the employee's shareholding scheme benefits from long-term operations and that performance is expected to exceed 2 billion dollars, specifically for the purpose of using the employee's shareholding or equity incentive; and 2) the publication of the company's first employee.
The shareholding plan, which amounts to no more than 300 million, involves two executives (an estimated amount of 23 million);3 the election of a new board of directors to replace two directors other than Jiang Namchun and the change of the corporate representative to the market value of the river (million yuan):
South Spring. Repurchase adjustment has a neutral impact, and the total amount of repurchases, which previously amounted to no more than $3 billion, has been repurchased about $1.1 billion and repurchased after adjustment
This time, for the first time since the loan was split, the employee holding scheme was to demonstrate the confidence of management and employees in the company’s long-term development, although the share of the stock came from buy-backs. The former corporate representative, Jéléan Liu, is no longer a director, Jiang Namchun’s own corporate representative, and represents his entrepreneurial spirit.
See, this company announcement reveals a few major events that affect moderate optimism. Cost rigidity affects short- and long-term performance, waiting for an increase in advertising coverage in the medium to long term, and according to public data, the number of company advertising spots is about 2.6 million, resulting in faster growth throughout the year.
Rent rigidity costs have risen significantly over the same period, with one quarter of traditional advertising seasons combined with a macro-environment-based in-depth follow-up report to the Distributive Media (002027): negative step-by-step announcements, negative impacts on the advertising industry as a whole, and short-term growth in revenue collection, which is difficult to absorb.
However, in the medium and long term, the value of the company channels is clear, the market position remains unchanged, business patterns remain unchanged, new a3 and a4 networks and screens are being created to generate revenue, and the overall coverage of the company's advertising channels is pending.
The company’s long-term value remains unchanged, and the counter-optimal expansion of the number of points and the upgrading of the media are paving the way for the Department’s future performance. The company’s large-scale release date has passed, and the bulk of the deal has reached 4.8 billion.
The ban is being phased out. But the short-term cost increases and the macro-environmental impacts are obvious.
The company’s overall channels are under-represented, its harvests are increasing at a slower rate than expected, and market competitors continue to seize the market’s ability to improve. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report in an independent and objective manner and with a diligent and professional attitude.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.