"To the dark hour" is the reason for the sharp drop in performance: the biggest increase in quarterly costs on a year-on-year basis is negative.
With the biggest cost increase of the same year, we expect a cost increase of about 650 million on the same date, and the downward trend in the advertising of the high cost shock industry has continued, resulting in a negative rate of growth in q1 battalion, which we expect to affect net profits, and a sharp decline in the number of brands, which is largely consistent with the logic of this decline in performance, but slightly higher than expected.
At a dark moment, looking forward to getting back on the news, looking forward to the future, 1) Ali's mom's ads stand has been tested in 2018 and has had good results, but according to our tracking, q1 has not contributed any incremental income and is expected to be the official "guilty."
The collaboration will fall as quickly as possible; 2) q1 costs are higher than the worst in the season, with the two ends squeezed under the industry, and we think the worst period of the year. Cost-side growth has become the established fact that once the advertising is up and running, profit elasticity will emerge, and performance is “to the darkest of the hour” and expectations are not very good.
Distributive Media (002027): Performance Express meets expectations and waits for dry q1 performance to fall considerably, but it cannot be asserted that the year-round advertising will not get warm; new ads are not “flashed”, cost rigid, and post-heating performance is more flexible, and we maintain a profit for the time being.
Divisional Media (002027): Employees ' shareholding schemes are profitable in the long term, at $5,135 million, $6,013 million, ps 0.35 and 0.41 respectively, corresponding to the current stock pool, which is under-recruited and under-recruited; market competitors continue to compete.
The ability to take advantage of the market has increased.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.