Rapid performance reports meet expectations, rapid spot expansion consolidates long-term competitive advantage Companies publish a fast performance report for 2018, yielding total operating income of $14,451 million over the reporting period, which is a positive increase in business growth in the main camps, leading to steady growth in revenue collection
On average, the overall increase was 2.9%, with elevator-type media continuing to grow steadily, and cinema-type video media increasing at a lower rate. Companies, as elevator-based media advertisers, break down track leaders and benefit from down consumption and o2o new retail sales.
It provides more efficient and accurate advertising for its long-term business development and market expansion.
In response to increasing market competition, companies have significantly expanded their elevator-type media resources during the year, leading to a similar increase in the rental of media resources, depreciation of equipment, labour costs and operating maintenance costs, which are expected to continue to affect operating profits of 2019q1 and q2, total profits and net return to the mother.
See, accelerating the expansion of resource pointing is conducive to raising barriers to competition, achieving the firm’s medium- and long-term strategic objectives, and consolidating the firm’s competitive position within the industry.
\triangleright completed in 2017 the transfer of a portion of the shareholdings and the expansion of the capital of Shanghai Wire Information Technology Co. Ltd.
In the case of equity, investment gains of about $680 million were realized in the same year. Business profits have declined as a result of a significant reduction in equity disposal in the current period. If this impact is excluded, the public sector’s operating profits continue to grow steadily in terms of the company’s main business.
A draft staff-holding plan and an adjustment of the repurchase funds of the equity buy-back programme to $1.52 billion would meet the needs of the employee-holding plan. This buy-back highlights the company’s recognition of its own value, while the employee-holding plan covers mainly the company’s core workforce and contributes to the stability of the company’s future development.
1. (002027): For 15.2, near the lowest point of pe (ttm) 11 in three years, the security margin is high, and the company 'resourcing' program is being adjusted to keep an eye on building advertising.
Review: 18q3 net profit rate slowed, building advertising 1 year-round, spot expansion was not as effective as expected, and 2 - advertising industry was in a reduced mood. Jong-chuk, Dean of the Assistant & Research Institute of the People’s Democratic Securities President, and Dr. Johns Hopkins University, after a Ph.D. in Financial Mathematics at Vanderbilt University.
The author has the qualifications and considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party.