Repurchase program adjusted to take good care of building advertising leaders Summary Report/Media Internet Industry February 15th, 2019
On 14 February, a public announcement was issued to convert the use of repurchase shares in the Repurchase Plan into a “priority for use in employee equity incentives, without excluding the cancellation of a portion of the shares on a case-by-case basis” and to read “for use in employee holding of billions, not more than $2 billion”.
300 million yuan for a total of no more than 100 employees, including 2 directors (excluding independent directors), supervisors and senior managers, and no more than 98 other core staff members participating in the scheme.
\triangleright We believe that 1) Repurchase of shares for use in employee holding while publishing the draft employee holding scheme is conducive to the Department's ability to bind the interests of its core members while increasing the attractiveness of companies for excellence and competition.
The Unit ' s strength compared to the 300-degree trend; 2) the cap on total repurchase capital has helped to ease corporate financial pressure during expansion; 3) the advertising industry itself has a high profile, the company is the leader of the sub-industry, and there has been no increase in expenditure during the expansion of resources.
Sounding the company’s long-term logic and a firm view of the company’s medium- and long-term investment value. Alibaba’s strategic entry is expected to create a new profit model \triangleright
Ali had previously been granted a total of 774,401,600 shares by agreement. The company’s collaboration with Aliba could be technologically helpful in building the flow-closing loops on the line, opening up the imagination of innovative digital marketing models. Alibaba’s electricity provider’s customers could come directly through the advertising platform that Ali had with the public.
The group of people reached the target was present and effectively expanded its advertising and marketing coverage; for the public, this collaboration enabled it to acquire customers from small and medium-sized Internet companies and to expand the total number of clients effectively.
III. The profitability projection and investment proposal (ttm), which is 13.9, is close to the pe (ttm) lowest point 11 since the return to a share, with a high security margin, and the upward firm's “caution recommended” to “recommended” rating.
Subtract macroeconomic risk; reduced risk in the advertising industry. 17 years of higher-than-expected growth, 18 years of expansion.
Jonesy, Dean of the Institute, Assistant President of the People’s Securities Institute, and after a Ph.D. in Financial Mathematics, Vanderbilt University, Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, Wu Ziaozheng, Master of Finance, joined in November 2017 as a member of the Media Internet industry. The author has a qualification and considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, and the data used in the report are based on compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,