The company's performance in 2018 was quickly evaluated by the public media (002027), the rate of growth in q4 battalion fell, and the scale-up of points increased costs rapidly and performance was under pressure in the short term.
The net profit is the bottom of the projected three-quarters performance, but it meets our expectations. q4 company returns to its parent market value (millions): 2.47%, the lowest single-season growth rate in the last two years.
Consistency (ctr: 9.3% in the advertising market for 2018h1 compared to 2.9% in the year as a whole), Grass root, January-February, when the number of names and rings of the company ' s online magazine, a1 in Shanghai, declined more than in January, and it is expected that the pick-up will take place in the quarter. And, due to an increase in the number of locations, the cost of rigidity, such as rents, is higher.
In the medium-to-long term, position expansion has been conducive to future performance growth, and the value of the media outlets in the life circle has remained unchanged.
The company also added three new lines of business to the company (which can be individually advertised). At the same time, the company Divisional Media (002027): the employee holding scheme is beneficial for long-term operations, with the installation of a probe system and a 4g network for the replacement of part of the lcd screen, which facilitates the return of data.
Performance looks at the future increase in publishing. 2019.02.17 Change the limits of indefensible monitoring of outdoor advertising and increase the value of the ladder channel. In addition, the company and Ali's `u crowd plan' have been tested successfully in 2018, with high-data-based escalator advertising precision.
In-depth follow-up report in the public media (002027): negative step-by-step postings, sending and Ali's currents will provide companies with a much wider space to collect.
The elimination of negative factors, such as large-scale sales restrictions and the lifting of pressure, the persistence of company long-term values, dots, counter-exploitation of numbers and media upgrades are all paving the way for company future performance, waiting points are always promising.
IYUKIN has an insufficient number of posts in the company as a whole, and the harvest is increasing at a slower rate than expected; market competitors continue to take advantage of the market.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.