Alternative consumer media reprogramming, roll-out of employee holding schemes, value of medium- and long-term investments in companies, range of repurchases and repurchases.
The equity purpose is adjusted to read “to be used in the employee holding scheme or equity incentive after the repurchase of the shares”, and prior to the adjustment to read “to be used as a priority in the employee's equity incentive after the repurchase of the shares, without excluding the cancellation of a portion of the shares as the case may be”.
We believe that the scope of the next repurchase will allow the company to retain more mobile funds for the financing of the public media (002027), the distribution of the media (002027), the launch of the first phase of the employee holding scheme, and the binding of the company's executives and core staff.
(002027): A steady increase in performance, with Ali introducing the first draft of the Staff Holding Plan (draft) to bring new possibilities to no more than 100 core units - 2018/07/30
The company’s vice president, vice president, board secretary, Confucius, securities, promotion of the ecological layout of the industrial chain, etc.
The stockholding plan shares will be purchased and held through the second-tier market, and the company will buy back shares. The plan will last 48 months, and we believe that the company will now launch a staff-holding scheme that binds the company's executives and centralists.
Work to activate the workforce and contribute to the long-term stable development of the company.3 The president and statutory representative of the company were changed to Mr. Jiang Namchun.3 At the first meeting of its seventh session, the company ' s board of directors considered and adopted the Company ' s report on the appointment of senior managers.
The Authority ' s Bill agreed to appoint Mr. Jiangnanchun as President and Chief Executive Officer of the company, while the statutory representative of the company would be changed from Mr. Liu Jilian to Mr. Jiangnanchun.
Repurchase programmes, introduction of employee equity schemes, value of the company ' s medium- and long-term investments, based on the year-round performance forecast in the company ' s third quarterly report, the increase in the company ' s net profit return in the fourth quarter of 18 years and the impact of the growth of the firm ' s backsliding, and we expect the company ' s performance to be sustained in 2019.
The company joined Ali’s ecology, actively expanding its resource location, and upgrading digital equipment, and we believe that the company’s medium- and long-term investment value is still undervalued, thus maintaining a “growth” rating. The expected increase in macroeconomic downwards has led to a further reduction in advertising budgets by advertisers from new sources.
Increased competition in tidal media, lifting stress, uncertainty in new technology exploration, etc. Profit forecasting and financial indicators: Institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.