Launched at 3.0 a.m., commercial realization acceleration period.
. ..is released in the near term, the business conversion acceleration period, the "buy-in" rating, the third quarter of 2023 issued by the company, and revenue and Māori growth in the third quarter of the year. ..is released in the near future, the company's big model continues to be rich in ecology and the business conversion period accelerates. We maintain the profit forecast.
• Events: The company issued its 2023rd quarterly report, three quarters of revenue and Māori's continued positive growth: in the single three quarters, the company achieved revenue of $4.772 billion, an increase of 289 per cent, Māori 1.937 billion, an increase of 3.62 per cent, and revenue and Māori's continued positive growth; the net return to the mother was $26 million, a decrease in the same year
A strong investment in a big model area, affecting current profits. Quality models continue to overlap, applications continue to be rich in ecology, and commercial transformation is accelerating: (1) Autonomous Arithmetic Bases are built jointly with China, with significant advantages. October 17, America.
The Ministry of Commerce’s Industrial and Security Service has further upgraded its chip export restrictions, which are expected to push the national product gpu to accelerate its development. Together with China, the company has built a large, autonomous model architecture, and its ability to raise 910b cards has created a solid foundation and pre-existing advantage for the company’s long-term sustainable development.
The company is about to launch the Big Star Awareness Model on October 24th, which will include: (a) a full-scale upgrade of seven dimensions, heavy code capacity, a pound upgrade, full-scale match of chhatgpt (exceeding Chinese and equivalent English); (b) the release of the Big Medical Model and the launch of the Big Medical Model.
Health helpers for families are provided by the Quest Doctor app; c, an ai-assist auxiliary application is launched on study machines; d, productivity tools are available through the publication of large industry models with 12 industry leaders.
(iii) Large model applications continue to be ecologically rich, and business is becoming more accessible. On the learning machine, the approvals, the emulation of the realization dividend period - company updates, verbal exercises, mathematical interactions, encyclopedia, smart programming, etc., are gradually online, i.e., auxiliary functions.
2023.8.16 Continued enrichment; open platform, full access to the skylight api, release of versions v1.5 and v2.0.
In August, the company and China joined the United Star Wars, based on the cpu and tögpu national production algorithms, supporting the opening of more than a dozen scenarios, the company ' s application of eco-rich applications and the accelerated commercialisation of time.
Second Quarter Revenue Growth, Large Model Acceleration Landfall Date - Corporate Information Update Report