Computer software development, solid ai strategy, expected application performance, firm ai strategy, increased ai investment.
The cost of R & D in the previous three quarters was 19.81%, an increase of 1.50 percentage points over the same period last year. On August 15, the company released version V2.0 and plans to launch the Big C & D model V3.0 on October 24th.
On August 15, the company announced Unilever as the launcher of the Starfire machine, which allows companies to create a more accessible, autonomous platform for national ownership of innovation.
The device can provide 5 custom optimization models such as dialogue development, tasking, total equity/flow (millions of units) plugin execution, knowledge access, alert engineering, etc., as well as office and proxy.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
The company plans to hold a major conference on 24 October.
Plan to launch the Big Awareness Model of the Star Wars v3.0, 2023/08/14.
This is a complete match to the tagchatgpt and, at the same time, upgrades the large model code capability and releases the large medical model.
Consultancy and co-publishing with 12 industry champions of large industry models to provide productivity tools.
Investment proposals: companies continue to invest in the big one model area, looking at the company's future development Profit projections and financial indicators: a firm one strategy, looking forward to the application of performance
A strong one, looking forward to performance, a firm one, looking forward to performance.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report