In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved \triangleright.
q3 Single-quarter performance: positive growth in both revenue collection and Māori, with \triangleright losing profits as a result of larger model inputs. Companies achieved operating income of $4.772 billion, an increase of 2.89 per cent over the same period; gross
The third quarter's net profit is $26 million, which is the same as the remaining positive operating cash flow, the third quarter's net operating cash flow of $357 million, and the first three quarters of 2023, when it comes to the cost of the research and development investment of the company, which is 2,498 million yuan, which is the same increase.
\triangleright \triangleright Risk factors: 1. Risk of inadequate government budget: Tog of smart education influenced by government budget
The slow recovery of operations further affects the expansion of b/c end operations. 2. Model development has not progressed as much as anticipated risk: the development of large models has not progressed as expected and has not worked as expected, further affecting the sale of related products such as learning machines and office books. 3. Commercialization of technology has fallen short of expectations.
Risk: The process of ai technology landing is slow. The realization of aai business value requires an appropriate extension of the scene application, and if technology is slow to land, the company’s operations will be affected.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.