There has been a steady increase in inter-business synergies, with four major silos coming together The company issued a quarterly report: during the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $2.1003 billion, representing an increase of 41.19 per cent over the reporting period; and the return to the mother ' s net profit of $249 million, representing an increase of 1.31 per cent over the same period, due mainly to factors such as changes in fair value.
To; deducting non-mortality net profit of $311 million, an increase of 30.83 per cent in the same year; adjusted non-ifrs net return profit of $364 million, an increase of 39.14 per cent in the same year; strong laboratory services, a continuation of higher growth in income of 2022q1. 2022q1, Company
Laboratory services generated business income of $1.317 billion (yoy+38.7%). We believe that the strong growth in laboratory services is due mainly to the fact that companies are leading the world's leading laboratory services, that laboratory chemistry as a company started as a biosciences and other business surge, and that inter-business transformation rates continue to increase.
The exchange rate influences 42.0%, mainly as a result of scale effects and a high Māori ratio of bioscience services. The benefits of the continuous increase in business-to-business synergies, cmc, clinical research, molecules, and cgt revenues, have increased rapidly.
The interest rate was 28.6 per cent, a decrease of 1.8 percentage points from the same period last year, mainly due to a partial input of q1 Xiao Xin to use, an increase in fixed operating costs and the impact of the appreciation of the renminbi. 2022q1, the clinical research service is still under development and rapid growth, with over-investment in personnel, with an increase of 1,149 employees in 2021 (youy).
The company continues to provide an engine for long-term growth through endogenous extension of its services. 2022q1 further steps to enhance the overall strength of the company’s small molecule cdmo service platform: 1) commercialization of api production base in the publicity plant; 2) completion of cgmp raw materials available in the United Kingdom from mid-test to tonnage commercialization
(a) Establishment of the Conlon Clinic to integrate the clinical research and development capabilities of the companies' subsidiaries and departments; (b) completion of the integration of Eun-yeon medicine; and (c) early deployment of the team, with a significant expansion of the team.
Investment proposals: We look forward to continued rapid corporate growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating. In a context of strong demand, companies are releasing productive capacity, extending quality targets, integrating operations, synergizing between operations, continuously increasing scale effects, and increasing profitability. We expect companies to continue to grow.
" Conlon ' s profitability (300759.sz) has been significantly enhanced, after which the company has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CSRC.
Activities that analyse, predict or recommend, and charge directly or indirectly for services, using data derived from compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional understanding, which is clearly and accurately reflected in the present report and seeks to be independent, objective and objective.