China Sea oil suits (60108.8.sh) Increase in the usage and daily cost of drilling platforms, with three-quarter performances and a significant increase in the ring comparison
In the third quarter of the year 2025, the company increased its net profit to the ring. The company collected $34,854 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 354 per cent in the previous quarter, and $3,309 million in the previous three quarters, an increase in the ring to +2.20 pct. The main reasons for the growth in corporate revenue and Māori were higher rental rates for large equipment and higher rent rates for large equipment.
The offshore semi-submarine drilling platform is operated in an orderly manner with a high daily fee project. 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices High utilization of the company drilling platform, North Sea semi-submarine drilling platform project, effective recovery and recovery
Māori. The first three quarters of the drilling platform accumulated 14,784 days, representing an increase of 12.3 per cent over the same period, with self-increment and an increase of 22.9 per cent over the same period.
The amount of work on the main lines of operation of the oil field technical services plate has continued to grow. Companies have continued to push ahead with the transfer of heavy assets to light capital, the transfer of production and technology, the persistence of technology-driven engines, the deepening of industrial chains and the integration of innovation, and the continuous breakthroughs in the sequencing and scale of technology and equipment applications.
The volume of ship services has increased considerably. In the first three quarters of 2025, the cumulative operation of the company's ship services operations and the level of flexibility of redeployment have been introduced, and the “ship+” service system has been innovative to meet client diversification needs.
China Sea Oil Clothes (601808.sh) - Lead of the garment industry through the oil price cycle - Engineering exploration plate focuses on high-return operations and seeks to restructure operations. The company focuses on limited production capacity over high-return operations and optimizes some of the production layouts. The company's two-dimensional collection operations are:
5845 km, 61.8% less compared to the same period; 3D collection operations of 12,794 km2, with a corresponding reduction in the frequency of risks; geopolitical risks; policy risks, etc. Investment proposals: companies, as domestic leaders in the garment industry, are increasingly structured, and Māori rates are expected to evolve.
In the context of the large equipment usage rate and the increase in daily fees, we have raised the company ' s profit forecast, and the company ' s net return profit in the third quarter of 2025 has increased significantly in relation to the ring. The company collected $34,854 million in the first three quarters of the year (year-on-0.83 pct, ring +0.59 pct). The company ' s revenue and growth in Maori are mainly due to large equipment.
Higher rent rates and higher daily fees for offshore semi-submarine drilling platforms. The company drilling platform operated at a high level of usage, and the North Sea semi-submarine drilling platform project was effective in bringing up high yields and Māori. 14,784 days of cumulative operation in the first three quarters of the drilling platform, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the previous quarter.
11,624 days, an increase of 9.7 per cent in the same year; 3,160 days, an increase of 22.9 per cent, in the same year; 90.3 per cent, an increase of 11.6 per cent, in the same year, in the use of the rig calendar day, of which 92.6 per cent, in the case of the self-edged rig day, and 82.7 per cent, in the case of the semi-submarine rig day, of which 82.7 per cent, in the case of the offshore rig.
The operation of the high-day fee project in the North Sea effectively boosted the increase in profit from drilling rigs.
The amount of work on the main lines of operation of the oil field technology services has continued to grow. Companies have continued to push for heavy asset weight, technology transfer, firm corporate motivation for technology-driven engines, a core technology system driven by basic scientific research, deeper industrial chains integrated with innovation, and technology and equipment sequencing and scalability.
The volume of ship services has increased significantly. The company ' s ship services are divided mainly into offshore ship operations and transport operations.
Two main types. In the first three quarters of 2025, there were more than 200 ships operating and managing the company's ship services, with a relative edge, focusing on increasing the thickness of equipment reserves and flexible redeployments, and on innovative “ships plus” service systems to meet customer diversification needs.
Engineering survey panels focus on high-return operations and strive to restructure operations, some of which have reduced their workload. The company relies on autonomous equipment and technology development to do hard core business and improve the quality and operational effectiveness of the collection of information. Focusing limited capacity on high-return operations and optimizing some of the production layouts.
The combined volume of operations was 5,845 km, a reduction of 61.8 per cent in the same year; the 3D collection was 12,794 km2, a decrease of 40.3 per cent in the same year; and the total seafloor operation was 2,079 km2, an increase of 131.3 per cent in the same year.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject