q3 company profits increased on a circular basis, and offshore drilling continued to improve.
q3 company profits, Māori rates, net interest rates are increasing by the same ring, and we believe that two main factors are taken into account, at the operational and financial levels: the same utilization of the plate drilling platform.
By comparison, the impact of Saudi contract terminations declined last year, and this year the North Sea semi-submarine platform entry operations contributed to a higher level of daily fees, and we calculated the q3 one-quarter q3 self-enhancement, semi-submarine platform calendar days, and the corporate income tax rate fell by 9.04 pct to 18.66 per cent over the same period, mainly because of Norwegian regional drilling.
In the future, the company’s semi-submarine platform in the Norwegian Sea is close to full annual operations, and the South China Sea 8 will be on the way.
In South America, we believe that the utilization and daily fee levels of the company’s semi-submarine platform will continue to rise. In the first three quarters, the company’s oil field technical services plate was still running at the same rate. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast the company’s net return for the period 2025-2027, respectively.
Performance is expected to continue to grow, maintaining the “buy-in” rating of companies, risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risks in oil prices; demand recovery less than expected; upstream capital expenditure less than expected; geopolitical risk; and exchange rate volatility risk.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
B. Introduction to the Sinda Energy Research Team
Member of the Committee of Experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Executive Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of China's Coal Industry Association, and for over 10 years of research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th and 5th national coal survey and development planning study, revised coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice, and joined in June 2016.
Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the coal industry, since 2019, in charge of research on large-scale energy panels, currently in charge of Sindar Securities Research and Development, Liu Hongqin, PhD from Beijing University, and member of the Central and Professional Committee on Carbon Carbon Peaks at the China Environmental Science Society. He was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute for Research and Technology in the petrochemical economy and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060.
In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the area of large energy sources and research in the petrochemical sector.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. It is not intended to be an ex officio customer for the recipients of this report. The present report is based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipients, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are observations, assessments and projections that are only available at the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subjects referred to in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees, involving securities.
Or the historical performance of the subject matter of the investment should not be a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or because different assumptions and criteria have been used, different perspectives and analytical methods have been used, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.