Henglipetrochemical (600,346ch) Quarterly Review: Building high-end precision chemical industry, short-term under-researched and low-profile tobuildhhigh-end&finechemicalchain, butaffectedbymaintenanceandpression
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
• 3q22 is profitable. The company issued a three-quarter report in 2022, which enabled it to operate in the first three quarters, outperforming the city by $17,357 billion, an increase of 12.46 per cent over the previous year; and achieved a net return to the mother of $6,087 million.
MSciesg rating. Profit-taking is largely influenced by the company’s refining tests and narrow price differentials for petrochemical products.
In July-August, the first overhaul since the launch of 2019 was carried out, with a degree of rmb107.98bn/us$14.88bn affecting three quarters of profits. In the third quarter of 2022, the company produced 4.997 million refined products.
• Three quarters of oil prices have fallen and petrochemicals have fallen. Three quarters have been flattened by low downstream demand. Moreover, three quarters of international oil prices have fallen, and Brent oil prices have fallen from $115/bpb to $88/bpb, dropping by $26/bpb (-23%), which we believe to be below.
The company is steadily moving forward with 1.6 million tons of high-performance resin/years and associated accompanying engineering, the 800,000 tons functional film project, and the construction of a second-growth curve.
In the future, the company will rely on Phases I and II of the Project on Fine Industrial Parks to speed up the construction of the “second Growth Curve” on the new axis of “new chemical materials” and the project is expected to be launched from 2023 onwards.
• Active promotion of employee holdings, buy-backs, large shareholders, etc., to show confidence in the new energy sources, including lithium diaphragms, electrolysis fluids, pet bronze base film, photovoltaic backboard membranes, new material product layout.
Holdings: In May 2022, the sixth period of the company's employee holdings planned to complete the purchase of the company's shares, with a total stock of 292 million shares at an average value of $23.45 per share, and a profit forecast and investment rating. The refining end is expected to be refined due to higher crude oil prices.
At 3.0 times pb a year, the “better than the city” rating was maintained.
Xinhu.