Medium gold (600489) non-ferrous metals are intended to acquire high-quality assets, replenish medium-sized smelters and significantly optimize company fundamentals at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: On December 27, 2018, the company released " Shares and Cash Payments for Purchase of Assets and Collections " .
The completion of the replenishment is expected to result in a significant reduction in the asset-liability ratio. After the replenishment, the initial estimate of the liabilities of listed companies is expected to drop from the current 58% to 50%.
Inner Mongolian mining is injected into the company’s performance. China gold is intended to distribute shares to China’s gold and pay cash for 90% of its holdings of Inner Mongolian mining, 3 million tons of copper and metal deposits in Inner Mongolian mining, and sorghum metal reserves.
High-quality gold assets of major shareholders are injected into expectations. The major shareholder, China’s Gold Group, has 900 tons of gold reserves, and some high-quality gold assets, such as Confucius of Guizhou, Innermontinto, Shandong Resources, are expected to be injected into listed companies, which currently produce around 23-24 tons of mineral gold, no more.
The company’s gold reserves and production are expected to increase significantly. 1 Company profile: China’s gold conglomerate is a large gold company with the combined power of gold mining, selection, smelting, processing.
The company was founded in 2000 and listed in 2003 as the country’s first gold company. The company’s first shareholder is China Gold Group Limited, with a 50.34% shareholding.
The Governing Council, with other major shareholders, is China Securities and Finance Co. Ltd. (1.99%), which has limited responsibility for the management of central remittance funds (1.00%). As the company's first shareholder, “China gold” is committed to continuously injecting high-quality assets to secure resources for the sustainable development of the company.
The Chinese gold construction, Chinese gold jewellery, Chinese gold trading, etc., provide strong support to companies in the areas of increased deposits of prospecting, resource possession, project construction, extension of the industrial chain, intensive procurement, and cost reduction.
Performance of 2 companies: copper production has increased significantly, owing to a reduction in sales of electrolytic copper. Net profits surged in 2016 as a result of: 1) higher gold prices have led to higher profits: 2) partial smelting companies have reversed losses to gains: 3) company-wide cost controls have been effective and reduced by “five” fees.
Gold and copper are the main products of the company. Revenues from gold products are generally stable, but in 2016 they began to slip slightly. Copper products have contributed significantly to company performance since 2016, mainly through the construction of new plants in the Central Harasu plant and copper production.
In 2017, gold was 7.47%, a decrease of 0.48%, and copper 10.82%, an increase of 8.99%, mainly as a result of reduced operating costs.
Performance analysis for the first three quarters: good-quality asset injections will improve the company's fundamentals. In the first three quarters of 2018, companies achieved business income of 25.2 billion yuan, a decrease of 1.14 per cent, compared to the previous quarter; achieving a reduction in public ownership, higher operating costs and a significant reduction in net profits.
Twenty-one tons of smelting gold, 12 tons of mineral gold, 0.9 million tons of mineral copper, and 142,000 tons of electrolytic copper, respectively, compared with the same period in the previous year. In the first half of 2018, the company started three new projects, with cumulative investment of $192 million.
The project resulted in a single-body test vehicle, which, upon completion of the project, could increase the company’s capacity to produce gold. On 23 November 2018, the company considered and adopted the Advance Plan for the Distribution of Stock and the Payment of Cash to Purchase Assets and the Collection of Supplemental Funds and Associated Transactions and related bills.
In the first part, China gold is intended to introduce specific investors to recapitalize China's smelters and reduce the asset-liability ratio. After the replenishment is completed, China gold is intended to trade shares with each other in Chinese gold, specific investors, etc., and to pay cash to purchase assets.
Inner Mongolia Mining 90% shareholdings: shares are issued to specific investors to purchase shares in the Chinese smelters they hold. One of the companies subject to this restructuring prevalued 100% shareholding in Mongolian Mining in the range of $5 billion. The price of the share issue is $6.68 million/total amount of funds does not exceed $20 million and does not exceed the price of the transaction in which the assets are purchased by issuing shares in this transaction.
As of December 25, 2018, the list of specific investors has been largely established and the relevant documents, such as investment agreements, are to be signed with various investors with entry-into-force conditions.
The infusion of mining in Inner Mongolia will increase the company’s copper metal reserves by 3 million tons, adding the copper metal’s annual capacity of 80,000 tons. Group companies are committed to injecting high-quality assets into the company and providing resources to guarantee its sustainable development.
Gold assets: Intense projects such as Jinfeng, Inner Mongolia gold pottery, and the Shaqing project are expected to be injected into the company, with no consideration given to the impact of the acquisition of assets on the company’s performance, assuming that 1: The company’s mineral gold production from 2018 to 2020 is maintained at 23-24 tons:
Assumption 3: The company’s mineral copper production from 2018 to 2020 was maintained at around 18,000 tons, and the electrolytic copper production was maintained at 300,000 tonnes, not for any cause, nor for any form of direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.