The synergies of the Resource and Environmental Research Centre highlight the fact that integrated logistics service providers have a long lead time.
High-end product positioning, high-quality slogans bring high-customer sticky. In the straight-line model, high-control and enforcement have won a strong branding advantage for prosperity; the Integrated Logistics Service Network of Skynet + Groundnet + Information Network provides effective safeguards for the smooth development of new business.
In the process of a conglomerate shift, easy access to markets through technology research and development and a pool of talent. In the process of smooth entry into the logistics market, the high level of direct coordination, the pre-eminence of the air market and the efficiency gains brought about by technological inputs have laid a good foundation for its new business.
The path is clear, and the transformation of integrated logistics providers opens up long-term growth space.
The fast-trading market, where there are synergies, such as nodes, pick-ups, vehicles, and the quick start of competition and industrial resolution programmes, has a positive impact on profits overall. Cold-chain markets focus on the production of fresh and medicinal products, 2.
Hyo Fung raises the cost of efficiency control, including through network building and technology upgrades, and earns a profit. In other words, there is still room for growth in the incremental market, with a crowd of competitors in the distribution market ahead of the network.
The synergies highlighted that traditional and new business linkages are dynamic, investing in integrated solutions. 4. Cost controls are excellent, leading to a single-season boom in the performance of the main battalion.
Efficiency, heavy cargo, cold chains, etc. can be focused on land transport networks, where there is considerable synergy in logistics networks that can be developed together.
Integration solutions also provide continuous performance support for traditional operations. “Traditional business flows, providing integrated solutions around clients, traditional business with new business dynamics.” Logic clarity, increasing the number of users and frequency of consumption, is expected to improve the integrated pricing capacity of a comfortable industry, a combination of products
Predicting companies 2018-Su Bo-Liang will be effective in improving the efficiency of the logistics of their clients.
25.49 per cent of pre-dismantling circulation units; high competition in the express delivery sector, with integrated logistics not developing as much as expected. 1. Direct battalion + aviation is the basis, with high R & D inputs and a pool of talent building long-term competitive advantages.
The company started its business on a domestic basis, and then gradually expanded its business to international software services, high-end electrical appliances, and provided integrated services such as warehousing, drying, fitting, etc.
New business blocks, such as cold transport, combing, international packages, and building on the company's “Skynet, Earthnet, Information Network” bottom plate resources and strong technological power, extend to both ends of the industrial chain and now provide 3c, pharmaceutical, fresh and fresh customers, including silo planning, sales forecasting, data analysis, settlement management, post-sale management, etc.
1.1 Focusing on high-end segmenting markets, high-quality slogans bring high-customer glue to high-end product positioning, and secure the industry’s leading position.
Business income amounted to about 70%, with an average of $23.13 per single ticket in 2017, compared to an industry average of about $12-14. In 2017, a surplus of $71,094 million was collected, with a single Māori edifice bringing high customer stickyness.
The National Postal Service counted an average of 1.56 complaints per month throughout 2017, well below the national average of 5.79 complaints.
In 2017, the income share of large clients with a surplus of more than a million sold monthly rose steadily, by 0.9 percentage points over the same period; the income retention rate of older clients increased by 4 percentage points compared to 2016, and the number of multi-product clients increased by 6.4 percentage points compared to 2016.
The cost of humans, transport, outsourcing, etc., is a major component of the cost side, with a combined ratio of 81.37% in 2017. Humans and transport costs are significantly reduced, mainly due to the use of smart methods such as the purchase of intelligence, hand-held terminals, etc.
In 2017, for example, the e-mail bill surged to 96%, significantly reducing the cost of bills and customer links and saving nearly $400 million. In addition, in 2015, Hondo outsourced some of the operations, such as hand-overs, and by encouraging older employees.
By undertaking outsourced services, such as entrepreneurship, the flexibility of the workforce has been enhanced while ensuring coordination. The Partnership has made outsourcing more efficient, with payroll, transport costs and outsourcing costs in 2015 and 2016 growing at a slower rate than the volume of express transactions, and single tickets can be reduced.
In terms of transport costs, the efficient allocation of human resources through such technologies as smart scheduling and path planning, and support for staff in completing optimal path planning. The industry’s leading route planning algorithms support urban dynamics.
The use of access, static drying, feeder circuits, etc., and the seamless transition between dynamic and static patterns provide solutions for the future decentralised dynamic path optimization.
1.2 The direct-camp model has a strong competitive advantage with air transport construction The direct-camp model has a high degree of control and enforcement and a brand-based advantage.
The advantage of the direct-camp model is to: 1) ensure strong control and stability of the network and guarantee a uniform set of enforcement norms and the operation of the network as a whole.
Quality; 2) good corporate image and quality of service, providing clients with a high level of loyalty and willingness to pay premium for their high quality and speed of service; 3) enabling companies to have full process data and nuclear information; 4) efficient standardization and management of business processes to provide effective security for the development of new business
The three networks, Skynet+Genet, combine to create an integrated logistics service network covering the country and abroad.
About 1.11 million tons, or 22.98% of the country’s total air cargo. As a leader in domestic air freight, Hondo has a full lead in the construction of cargo aircraft, including fleets, pilots’ reserves, right-of-occupancy hours, ground camps, etc.
In addition, the cargo airport planned for Auzhou is well supported by a good chassis for improving product timeliness, improving service stability, building capacity for high-end integrated logistics services, and raising client satisfaction. On the other hand, the core hub project is an excellent structure for achieving a company ' s aviation network.
A key way to reduce the cost of operating the air network is to further consolidate the core competitiveness of Skynet in the future.
In the area of land transport, more than 78,000 feeder lines have been opened, and in 2017, 2,259 million land couriers have been delivered. In recent years, Hondo has actively sought to work with the Iron General to open high wires.
In the case of storage networks, there are 136 warehouses with various types of customer services, covering almost 1.4 million m2, covering more than 100 local municipalities in the country.
High operational capacity and efficiency are the direction in which the major courier companies are developing. At present, Shun Fong has built a complete system of smooth cloud data systems that support a variety of storage operations, such as electrical stores, material stores, cold warehouses, overseas collectors, microware, etc.
On the other hand, Happiness upgrades its client end ui, ground platform, core order management system, etc. In 2017, 97 per cent of all web-based digital consignment sheets were used. 1.3 talent leads, and R&D drives long-term business growth.
In addition to the expansion of new business, another major change in the express delivery sector is the shift from a labour-intensive to a technology-intensive one, whether or not to seize the technological highlands in the first place is the key to winning the future.
▪ In 2018, Shun Fong placed building the capacity of logistics science and technology at the top of his business priorities and “building the logistics science and technology consortium” as the primary objective of strategic development. Measures such as technologicalization of the logistics process, continuous optimization of the network and transit warehouse layout, and continuous optimization of business route planning were adopted.
In the case of logistics drones, their intellectual, efficient, flexible, low-cost characteristics help resolve the last kilometre of the express delivery industry and provide non-discriminatory services to customers in remote areas in the central and western regions. By the end of 2017, 1004 patents had been declared and patented, of which 366 were patented.
Before, Shun Fung had mastered the core technologies of logistics drones, obtained 205 patents, and fully covered areas related to logistics drone research, development and applications such as drone design, cloud platforms, and operation management. High R & D was well developed. In 2017, S & D reached 2,800, including outsourcing.
In cooperation with nine higher education institutions at home and abroad, scientific and technological investments amounting to 1,604 million yuan (equivalent to 85 million yuan, hymn to 0.47 million yuan, Texas to 71 million yuan, undisclosed), the share of R & D inputs in operating income is driving long-term growth in enterprises. There is still much room for improving logistics efficiency, and many operations are well under way.
To become an integrated logistics service provider through a forward-looking layout of supply chain links, with the expectation of effectively reducing customer logistics costs. At the same time, to build infrastructure, the “three networks together” is a start-up, with unprecedented levels of research and development, and to effectively connect customer supply chain links through big data and cloud computing techniques to make a smooth transition for the future.
Upgrade and provide strong support for integrated logistics solutions. 1.4 How to face competition?
In recent years, firms within the system that are growing at a faster pace of fragmentation, middle-classization, hindsight, etc. are increasing their investment in the quality of services and accelerating their privatization, with markets worried that their share in high-end markets is being eroded.
In terms of past development, through the Focused Business Market – 2014, to join the Tonto as a price battle for power suppliers, it has not been possible to effectively absorb the process of returning to high-end routes of the new power source business. While improvements in timeliness, service quality, etc., have been evident, this is the express delivery industry.
On the other hand, the competitive advantages of a smooth camp model, own aviation, scientific inputs, etc., also hinder the speed and strength of access to high-end markets.
External industry: The country’s logistics industry is large, the pattern of competition is uncertain, and the expansion of diversified operations and supply chains is synchronized. The country’s logistics stock continues to grow and transport links continue to rise.
In 2017, social logistics costs (including transport costs, custody costs, and management costs) increased by 9.2%.
In terms of composition, transport costs of 6.6 trillion yuan, or 54.7 per cent, or 0.9 per cent more than in the same year; custody costs of 3.9 trillion yuan, or 32.4 per cent, or 0.8 percentage points less; and management costs as a proportion of the total cost of social logistics, which continue to increase and the chain of custody continues to decline, indicating a continuous decline.
In general, the ratio of total logistics costs to gdp is a commonly used indicator for evaluating logistics efficiency. The lower the indicator is indicative of logistics efficiency.
In 2017, the total cost of social logistics in China was 12.1 trillion yuan, or 14.6 per cent of gdp, which is still more effective than the global average of 11.7 per cent, or about 8 per cent of the United States. Large electric power traders entered the Agency's logistics market.
In May 2013, in response to the rise of the power provider’s own logistics, Ali added $5.3 billion in September 2013 to raise the equity of the greenbird network from 47% to 51%, and to finance US$ 13.4 billion after investing.
Models coexist, and the barriers to smooth competition are highlighted. The rookie network cuts in with data services and is the logistics platform that Ariton has built through the "data plus warehousing" layout to form alliances with logistics firms, thus improving the logistics experience and improving the efficiency of the logistics, with the advantage of what Ali is good at.
High-speed expansion and low-cost growth in the flow platform mode. The feeder network of the logistics platform mode, which integrates through the data interface, manages the network's general schedule and establishes allocation rules.
The external market; for comfort, the advantage lies in aviation resources and long-distance distribution, with about 30-40 per cent of its business volume being electrical goods, while only about 10 per cent is from rookies, with low reliance on a single platform.
Figure 19: Distribution of National Express Delivery in 2016
From the point of view of the urban area, most of them are in second-line cities, while in small and medium-sized cities there is still a need for complementary cooperation with the Consistency and Access system; in terms of product structure, the advantage is 3c.
Efficient distribution of standardized products, but non-standard items are not suitable for distribution in a silo manner. Moreover, the market’s “unneutral” concerns about being both a referee and a sportsman need to be removed from the Kyoto logistics platform.
In general, we believe that, on the one hand, there is still much room for improvement in China's logistics market in the future, which will give more opportunities to the pioneers; on the other hand, there is a dichotomy in the market between Shun Fong and the rookie network, the Kyoto logistics hub, and that rookies and Kyung Tung Tung still need to take advantage of a smooth web layout, air resources, etc.
Complementary cooperation. Against the backdrop of our right to sail, our resource constraints and our financial commitment, smooth competition barriers are difficult to overcome in the short term.
▪ In the first half of 2017, the same attributes as the better-valued properties of the smooth economy grouped into economic products (the next day) and warehouse distribution, and returned the original value-added service income to the corresponding products attached to it.
Time limits and economic growth are robust. After proper market failures, the company ' s post-2015 strategic focus is on business and high-end power market, and the economy includes such time-bound products as Consistency Day, Consistency Speed, Consistence followed by the Morning, Professional Silos, National Silos, Reverse Logistics, etc.
In 2017, the non-tax-free operating income for prescription and economic products was $46,681 million and long, respectively. As the overall growth in commercial and medium- and high-end appliances was slower than in the industry as a whole, the market share was gradually declining, measured in terms of total volume of business.
Figure 25: Income from the economy. Business market is more responsive and reliable, and the advantage of smoothness is clear. From past data, the market as a whole is moving into a steady period of development, with a capr of 17.54% in 2015-2017.
Clear market strategy: pursuing overall pricing rights, rather than single-ticket pricing rights. In terms of single-ticket income, in 2014-2017, smooth single-ticket revenues were $23.61, $23.83, $22.15, and product prices were stable without an overall increase. In our view, taking into account the company ' s presence,
The position and reputation of the upper-middle-end market has some scope for price increases. If the price increases are not consistent with the business strategy ahead of the company: first, Hondo has initially built capacity for integrated logistics solutions, but the new business is still developing at a fast pace.
In addition, while customers in the commercial market are less price-sensitive than electricity suppliers, the value-for-money ratio is also one of the factors. A good customer experience is that the number of users continues to increase and consumption is frequent.
Figure 28: A number of industry brand clients working together – The number of active monthly clients, as measured by the growth of monthly clients, is 628.8 million in December 2016. This illustrates the integrated combination of diversified product mix and diversified solutions.
The number of active clients is growing steadily. The statute of limitations has been raised, and the position of superiority has been consolidated.
Last kilometre, improving the efficiency of links such as transit and trunk transport, providing customers with integrated solutions, etc., and continuously consolidating their advantage in mid-to-high-end markets. 1) Last kilometre: benefit from the acceleration of the informationization process throughout the express delivery process.
Depository storage and trans-shipment have been successful in replacing manual labour with a significant improvement in efficiency over previous processes, but the last kilometre is still dominated by manual delivery, and it is difficult to solve efficiency problems, including through process improvement, and the last kilometre is inefficient.
Highness has become the biggest problem in the express chain. In 2017, the HSC has worked with nearly 30,000 co-operation points and 673 property management companies. In addition, its share participation in the Tonklux is already in place and running approximately 75,000 smart couriers in the community, in the writing building, etc.
2) improves the efficiency of transit links and main lines of transport: 1 is for transit links.
ii. Effective integration of aviation, road, rail resources, rational planning, intelligent transport input,
Energy management systems are implemented and benefits are maximized. 3) Integrated solutions are available to clients: Happiness is now providing warehousing management, business intelligence, sales forecasting, big data analysis, supply chain, etc. in 3c, fresh, clothing, medicine, etc.
Integrated logistics services, such as integration, meet the diverse needs of clients. By offering integrated solutions to clients, the advantage for the express master industry itself is, first, that the advantages of logistics management of the response chain are reflected in the functions of management and planning.
So when large-scale shipments, such as the two-nil, arrive, the delivery network is often paralysed from me. And with this capability, coupled with the network and distribution advantages of the couriers, it will solve the problem of concentration of power suppliers. Second, it will effectively reduce operating costs.
Increased vehicle loading and market bargaining capacity 3. Refrigeration operations: the field of energy and medicine, the start-up of profit spots
Hundreds of millions of market sizes, low standardization, and low concentration of industries. Flows of goods that need to be transported in cold chains include: primary agricultural products (including vegetables, fruits, water products, eggs, etc.), processing of special commodities such as food and pharmaceutical vaccines. Different types of commodities vary greatly from fresh preservation standards to industrial day.
At present, industry standards are less binding and do not have a system of standards for the entire transport chain. By developing a well-developed system of industry standards, it is expected that the cold transport market will be more efficient in the future.
China’s cold-chain logistics market is expected to grow at an average annual rate of 25%. According to China’s Consolidated Cold Chain Commission, 100% of China’s total revenue is less than 10% of the cold-chain market.
3.1 The power: “last kilometre up and down”, efficiency and cost are key to the success of the industry: the market is large, but it is low in concentration and there is much room for industrial improvement. According to Irey's consulting estimates, only 7.9 per cent of the hundreds of millions of dollars is permeable on the line, including logistics, including warehousing, trunking transport, etc.
An important part of the cost of raw power suppliers is about 20 to 40% of the scale of the transaction. Conservatively, a combination growth rate of 30% in 2018-2020 and a logistics cost of 30% is assumed, while a fresh and cold logistics market of 93.4 billion yuan in 2020.
“Last kilometre up and down” is the point of industrial pain. Logistics facilities are weak up to the first “one kilometre” of a cold bank, low per capita cold storage capacity (China: 0.1 cubic metres/person, approximately 1 / 4 in the United States), wide regional variations (scarce of resources, lack of pre-cold at the source of production), and distribution.
The lack of improvement in the final “one-km” commercial support facilities at the terminal is the main reason for limiting the concentration of the cold-chain industry and the rise in corporate incomes. As the country’s rate of urbanization rises, the population’s focus on food security increases, and demand for organic health products rises.
• The upgrading of the product structure of the cold-chain industry and the upgrading of service levels in the industry as a whole. ▪ From the logistics transport model of the raw-food supplier, there are three main models of self-employment in cold-chain logistics, outsourcing in cold-chain logistics, and self-employment and outsourcing in cold-chain logistics.
The survey shows that the self-employment model accounts for 60% of the raw agricultural commodities, 25% for the cold-chain logistics outsourcing model and 15% for the combination of self-employment and outsourcing.
Large, close to a third, while others are covered by services such as Black Cat Mansion, ems, circulars, etc. Figure 32: The scale of trade in China’s raw electricity suppliers’ markets, efficiency and cost are key to the success. Most of the goods transported in the cold chain are perishable goods, and businesses pass through the whole.
The other means of improving efficiency is to increase cooperation with large clients, such as quick foods such as Kentucky, McDonald's, hotel chains such as the Four Seasons, and processed foods such as Eli, double-sinks, etc.
Cold-chain logistics has a special requirement for warehouses and vehicles and is costly, so that the control of the capacity of cold-chain logistics enterprises is also critical. Enterprises can plan for the main line of transport more closely and choose to go through it.
In addition to the existing model of road cooling, railway cooling, air cooling, diversified transport routes and reduced transport costs, companies with the capacity to lead the cold chain industries need to be well funded and fast-tracked.
▪ As of the end of 2017, the Consistency Control Cold Transport Network covered 104 cities and surrounding areas, including 51 food cold banks, 108 food mains, 224,000 square metres of operation, and cold.
Some 1,500 vehicles were stored, including 244 vehicles certified by gsp. In the fund-raising project, 718 million yuan was spent on the purchase of cold-chain vehicles and temperature-controlled equipment, including cold-chain transport vehicles and epp temperature-controlled boxes.
In terms of efficiency: 1 is, first of all, the construction of the network. Hyeong Fung has now set up the cold home distribution network, the cold city distribution network, the cold trunking network and the cold storage network, the four networks.
The main links of transport are arranged in a sequential manner. The main trunk network provides direct hair supply between cold transport warehouses. The network provides mainly refrigeration storage, city-to-city-to-city cold transport warehouses and priority cities, and home-to-door service.
Refrigeration vehicles, cold-chain equipment and packaging technology, whole-way temperature monitoring systems, etc. can be seamlessly interfaced throughout the temperature-controlled transport process.
In March 2018, Hsien Fung announced the establishment of a joint venture with Xia Yu to work together on a cold chain solution. He is a domestic cold-chain transport beacon, which was approved for designation as a cold-chain logistics service provider for the 2008 Beijing Olympics. He has a professional, high standard integrated cold-chain service capability.
The advantage of large client service at the b end is obvious, and complementarities can be achieved in the future with a large network of resources at the c end. Cooperation between the two sides will also be faced with a more open market, expanding operations to a larger group of medium- and high-end clients.
At present, clients of food-friendly and fresh-food services include McDonald’s, double-sinks, top-news, etc. Cost aspects: first, companies optimize their business model, automated equipment inputs, it functions, etc.
In addition, with regard to media reports, the "Middle and Iron Express" under the umbrella of the Central Iron Group, which specializes in the commercialization of high-iron cargo, has announced a service called "High Iron Speed".
“Backcar” pays for the power, but the medium- and iron-speed shipment directly provides the power, which is divided between the medium- and steel-fast and the smooth economy directly into revenue. Since the second half of 2017, Iron General has started the relevant corporate transformation programme, and one of the key elements of the reform is “the release of high-speed iron transport and the realization of rail transport as a whole”.
Efficiency and maximization of efficiency.” For ease, the upper-line high-iron transport operation will further strengthen its advantage in cost and speed.
Classes of business account for about half of the cold chain business, which is able to reach the company’s average Māori rate. The pure cold business is currently under construction, with a projected scale effect of 1-2 years. Overall, the cold-chain industry. Grass-roots research shows that the fixed cost of the cold-chain transport industry is largely composed of labour and depreciation.
The fixed cost of the cold-store industry is about 20%; it consists mainly of the cost of cold-store construction and depreciation, accounting for about 55% of the total cost. After crossing the profit-and-loss balance point, the stronger leverage of operations will lead to an accelerated increase in the profitability of the industry.
3.2 Medicines are cold: industry is changing, giving new entrants the opportunity to reshuffle their cards. There is much room for development of medicine cold chain logistics, but there are still a lot of pains. According to the China Medical Logistics Development Report 2017, the total amount of medicine logistics in China was 30.2 trillion yuan in 2017, a year-on-year increase.
11.3%, based on a growth rate of 8% per year, it is expected that by 2020 the country will have a total of 3.8 trillion yuan in medical logistics, while the size of the market for cold-chain shipments may be 120 billion yuan. But in the field of medicine, most of the cold-chain demand and resources are fragmented, together with the presence of pharmaceutical products.
The lack of standardization of logistics, such as storage, sorting, packaging, and transportation, has led to inefficient logistics. Overall, the country’s pharmaceutical cold chain logistics industry has not developed a uniform system of coordination of warehousing, drying, feeder and distribution.
At 12%, four times as high as in the United States, the cost of circulation is high. The period of industrial change gives new entrants the opportunity to reshuffle their cards.
In recent years, as a result of events such as the Shandong vaccine, the country has introduced stricter standards for the transport of the cold chain of medicines, and the pace of development of the chain of medicine logistics is expected to accelerate. According to a national approach to medicine, the ideal way to transport drugs is to reduce the flow of drugs by one distributor only.
The demand for third-party logistics has increased significantly for a large number of small and medium-sized pharmaceutical producers, small and medium-sized pharmaceutical operators, and retail terminals outside the city’s core. In February 2016, the State Council issued a circular to cancel the authorization to engage in third-party drug circulation, leading to a large number of couriers entering medicine.
In the new version of gsp (the Code for the Quality Management of Medicines) there is a higher demand for real-time monitoring of the temperature and humidity of medical establishments. But the storage and transportation costs of pharmaceutical products such as vaccines, blood products, etc. are very high (building a cold medicine on their own).
The cost of the warehouse is more than $100 million, and the cost of each of the large cold-lift vehicles is more than $1 million, which accelerates the exit of small-scale enterprises and gives new entrants the opportunity to enter. The energy storage, transport, and network ends are committed to proposing solutions for upstream and downstream enterprises.
Currently, there are three main lines: 1 warehousing: optimized chain-based business models and operating processes, and further upgraded -40°c~25°c multi-temperature precise temperature-control capabilities: 2 transport: smooth supply chain capacity for the five major closed loop logistics supply chains.
Municipal distribution, medical storage, c-side distribution, medical pre-screening, etc.; 3 networks: pharmaceutical transport networks cover 132 local municipalities across the country, and cover most of the country’s priority areas.
A node supply chain and an integrated industry solution for upstream and downstream. In the direction of smooth entry into the medical cold chain, it is mainly through established advantages in terms of accuracy and timeliness of transport, entry points, and logistics tracking that take over professional cold chain logistics and distribution.
In the past, drug-cold-chain logistics markets used to be largely owned by companies with the qualifications to operate drugs, and Humpty still needs to gradually compensate for the accumulation of upstream and downstream customer and variety resources. In the long run, easy medicine logistics can provide pharmaceutical plants with a single-point supply, a full-scale tracking, and a drug.
A combination of medical logistics solutions, such as retrace, can also provide a chain of pharmacies with services such as drug supply chains, management, and the completion of a web-ordering model in combination with a nested smart cabinet. The capacity of the pharmaceutical logistics transport market is enormous, and the future expansion of medical transport services will be considerable.
4. Zero-load express: there is some synergy with the original express delivery network, with the integration trend towards greater penetration of 4.1 express-cargo sector market space far greater than express-carrying, with delivery firms having greater difficulty in getting into the market — large but low entry barriers and low industrial concentration. According to the Rockberg Institute of Logistics,
According to data, the country ' s zero-sum market in 2016 was more than $1 trillion, more than twice the income from a single year ' s express service, and the industry pool was moderate, with cr10 at about 3.4 per cent, owing to the personalized demand under the Tob attribute and the low entry threshold.
Zero loads and couriers penetrate each other, but it is less difficult for couriers to cut in. The main difference between zero loads and couriers is that they are different in the manner in which services are provided and in the type and weight of the goods they carry.
The ratio continues to rise, the penetration rate of large power suppliers like household electricity, general furniture, etc., and the boundaries between the zero-load and express delivery industries are becoming blurred. Express delivery firms, relying on their old trunks, running centers, and networks, can quickly cut into the zero-load logistics market.
First, the separation of the zero load from the so-called expressway is the last kilometre of the distribution capability, and 2b to 2c penetration requires input from the debris distribution end, as well as the installation capacity involved in the large bulk of the delivery that may be carried out. When express delivery infiltrates into the express industry, it is due to the large number of trunks, trans-shipments that the courier company has.
Centers and hubs, when performing full supply chain coverage, are more viable than reverse penetration of business customers to individual users. Thus, networking of power interconnections and business interconnections is the first step in moving at zero speed, facilitating synergies between networks and customers; standardized products are the first step.
Quality of services and sustainable development are guaranteed.
• The United States: Acquisition of mergers and completion of industrial integration. In the 1980s, the United States began to relax its road management and the industry moved into a period of gold development, but increased competition also led to the collapse of a large number of businesses. After that, the giant Fedex and ups moved into express delivery operations by means of acquisitions and made full use of themselves.
Networks and brand advantages achieve rapid market capture. The US road cargo market is now highly concentrated, with the top five zero-weight companies with a market share of more than 60%. In terms of the timing and manner in which the US Express giants enter the new market, the industry is moving into a steady growth phase.
After that, by allowing entry into the fast-carrying market, by increasing loading rates, amortizing transport costs, and improving 4.2 smoothness: synergies are evident and the speed of the fast-carrying market is accelerating — the level of prescription quality that benefits from a constantly improving network of heavy cargo services and leading industries, 2017, g.
The net revenue from the Division ' s heavy products amounted to $4,402 million, an increase of 79.93 per cent. In 2014, the Department ' s heavy cargo operations, which were time-limited, operated in parallel with the express delivery network. Over a period of two years, a cross-cutting increase in revenue levels was achieved, and the market share of heavy cargo operations continued to rise.
At the bottom, there are 717 heavy cargo points and 21 heavy cargo transit sites with a total area of over 670,000 square metres, covering 289 major cities and areas in 31 provinces of the country, with more than 4,000 vehicles. In the recent past, he has acquired New State logistics and set up a new company, the “Sponsor” , which fills 500 and more.
It is known that “Spiritless Express” companies are now recruiting in the Hubei filial areas. The competitive advantage of smoothing is, first, the existence of networks, back-office equipment, receivers, vehicles, etc.
Sex, so it can start a new business without a significant increase in costs. And the essence of this synergism is that it can be developed lightly on the basis of the old large network. On the point of the net, as a matter of fact, the delivery transit is empty during the day and can be used to place heavy loads; back-office equipment.
On the other hand, the heavy load of less than 50 kg can still be sorted using the existing sorting equipment; on the staffing level, the recipients of the goods can also use the recipients of the original delivery network. Second, there are existing markets that do not require significant market nurturing costs.
Information, close to 85% of smooth and fast shipments come from the original courier group. This suggests that, with the advantage of the network, the lead couriers are able to enter the fast-carrying market through the development of established customers as entry points.
Third, there is a high degree of timeliness and value-added services. A smooth targeting of some time-sensitive customers will allow transport to take place with their own air transport capacity. Moreover, traditional zero-loads are economically intensive, mainly on a point-to-point basis, and smoothness can achieve 100% of home service, and most of them are not extra charges.
Figure 42: Affordable zero-load product presentation Standardization of products + reduced operating costs are key. In general, traditional load transportation is less well controlled because of the need to fill vehicles, with a Māori ratio of between 5 and 10 per cent below 15 per cent in the express delivery industry.
30% Māori level (the caliber of combined couriers is not considered here). But the Māori rate for the high-end "precision karate" products in Texas can be more than 25%.
Standardization of services, productization. For comfort, based on a degree of synergy at the cost end, the continuing breakthrough point is, first, through targeted introduction of new products in large-scale power suppliers' markets: and, secondly, through continued push in the form of “programme +”
The logic behind the smooth product end is, first, to divide the competition, to start with nothing, and to move the goods quickly as a high-moric product. To co-exist, to operate in a networked manner, because of the weight of the big load.
Lined equipment is difficult to match with small piece distribution equipment, while heavier cargo separation is currently dependent on manpower. The impact of scale is even more pronounced through a small ticket, which can effectively reduce transit costs through automated equipment, thereby providing competitive prices and increasing market share.
Accurate docking of air power and ground resources ... provides precision services to customers in areas such as 3c, new retailing, etc. The record sheet of smooth investor relations of 28 August 2017 shows that heavy cargo operations as a whole make a positive contribution to profits, especially for products subject to high time limits for customers, which indicates a strong surplus.
The second is industry solutions: the industries that now offer integrated industry solutions are mainly 3c, pharmaceuticals, clothing, fresh and fresh. While improving the quality of distribution-side logistics services, they also extend to production, supply, distribution, distribution, etc. at the front end of the value chain, with customer demand at the centre of the customer demand and client demand.
Households provide integrated logistics services, such as warehousing management, business intelligence, sales forecasting, big data analysis, supply chain finance, etc., to meet customer diversity needs and enhance customer stickyness. International experience shows that, in the early stages of the new business development of courier companies, they are either developing a stock of their original customers or providing a department
Supply chain logistics services (sales or production end only), so that the increase in business volume is not significant: but when business is mature, new supply chain operations will lead to full supply chain business volume, so the pull effect on business volume will be more pronounced.
5. Communal distribution: The undetermined pattern of competition in the industry, the immediate distribution of water for testing, the immediate distribution of water into a significant increase in the congenial distribution market. The rapid growth of combustible couriers has been driven by the growing capacity of urban services, the development of the int technique, the rise of catering and catering.
According to the National Statistical Office, in 2017, a total of 40.6 billion deliveries were made, of which 9.27 billion were made by the same city. The growth rate was that of the same city in 2013-2015, while the rise of catering sales led to rapid market development for immediate distribution.
At present, the size of the market for couriers with the city is calculated by the sum of the market size of the traditional co-city couriers and instant delivery, which is about 160 billion yuan. Assuming that the traditional co-city distribution is 20% cagr between 2018 and 2020, it's a real-time match.
Three years of cagr, with a market size of more than 200 billion combs in 2020.
To be even higher, it is difficult to meet the requirements of time effectiveness if the centralized transit model used by the traditional large courier companies is used. Therefore, express delivery firms need to “decentralize” when entering the same city. At the same time, economies of scale are premised on obtaining sufficient business flows, low entry thresholds in the industry, and competition.
Against this background, the ability of couriers to handle the flood peak valley will be further tested, and the organizational capacity of the business flow will become a competitive barrier. Therefore, companies with orders and resource support, and differentiated products, such as supply, are expected to emerge with the ability to introduce new modes of delivery to improve the timeliness of distribution.
Differential products (carrying within a specified time frame, delivery by hour, delivery by night, etc.), addressing different delivery locations (in cooperation with convenience stores, small estates, setting up drop-in services).
New Internet distribution companies such as couriers, hummingbirds, local distribution companies such as Vientiane, and Kyoto logistics, among others: In 2017, the smooth-flowing compatriots generated $370 million, an increase of 636%, the fastest growing sub-business of the company.
The pilot phase. Considering that (1) enriches its business structure, (2) acquires new customers and develops more consumption scenarios that are deeply integrated into the enterprise ' s supply chain, the development of business development in the same city is important for its strategic positioning and product expansion.
▪ There is still room for development in the context of an uncertain pattern of competition. This is due to: (a) the restructuring of the business model, the creation of a new peer network, the active introduction of scientific and technical talent in the business areas of the same city, the creation of different models, the creation of intelligent dispatch systems in different settings and the creation of “decentralized” operational capabilities; and (b) the establishment of a “decentralized” system of technology.
A partnership with clients has been established with other brands such as Kentucky, McDonald's, Texas, and Pepsi: 3 distribution networks have been set up initially. Shun Fong is now able to cover 35 cities, with more than 6,000 full-time distribution staff, while working with the Web couriers.
6. International operations: light asset operations, full-scale marching, took place in 2010 and smooth-flow holdings began international portfolio operations. In 2017, smooth-flow international couriers recorded operating revenues of 2,043 million yuan, an increase of 43.7 per cent over the same period, achieving high growth rates.
▪ Development strategy, using a “trip-to-tight” approach. In the European and American markets, a partnership with mature local couriers will be chosen, for example, by setting up a joint venture between the company and the ups in May, which, after approval by the relevant national ministries, will work with ups to develop high-end international package products to provide high quality to customers.
International services: In places where Chinese people are more concentrated, such as South-East Asia, they are usually deployed as subsidiaries or subsidiaries in capital cities. Currently, smooth global outreach has been fast-growing, with a global delivery network of services covering more than 200 countries and territories.
While international operations are growing faster, they accounted for only 2.47% of the revenue in 2017. In most of the countries and regions where they operate, a light asset model has been adopted.
▪ In international operations, we have marked the international Express Express Fedex, which has matured in international operations. Federal Express has evolved into an international courier group that provides overnight express, ground express, heavy cargo, document reproduction and logistics services, with Memphis airport as an air cargo.
For courier companies, it takes time and effort to develop international operations on their own and is prone to failure by “water and soil” . History has shown that acquisition and strategic cooperation approaches can be well-developed.
New markets, expanding the scope of global operations. The FedEx is also an international courier group, relying on continuous acquisition and cooperation.
In 2005, Federal Express invested $150 million in White Cloud Airport in Guangzhou, setting up a new Asia-Pacific transit centre, followed by a worldwide buy-in of local couriers into regional markets.
Revenue from the industry has reached $19.44 billion, and there is a clear gap between the current size of the surplus holdings and the federal Express at the time. And, in terms of pooled investment, the surplus holdings are still concentrated on domestic infrastructure construction, and they do not yet have the financial capacity and willingness to accelerate overseas mergers and acquisitions.
On the one hand, benefiting from the high growth of cross-border power suppliers markets, business growth became evident after the pre-generation period.
On the other hand, in cooperation with ups, it served the US-China market. In 2017, it was mainly completed a joint venture review.
In addition to the increased competition between China and the United States for the development of their cross-border operations, the future Orchia Airport will be used as a regional air cargo hub for Asia and the Pacific.
7. More than express delivery, progress towards integrated logistics operators 7.1 is historically clear and integrated logistics services have a significant impact on business volume and profitability.
Dhl/ups/fedex ' s contractual logistics operations are also industry-led among global-scale couriers, with supply chain solution-related business revenues in the global logistics market of 2017, and the United States Express industry has gone through a three-stage development path: by 2000, industry was expanding at a high rate.
The price war, the fall in profit margins, went into the twenty-first century, with industry growing steadily, increasing concentration, opening up the path to recovery after the long-term growth of the express market, which opened a new round of delivery of the cattle market. In the second phase of development, after a major deal at the end of the 20th century, the industry came from the ups.
The oligopolies of dhl, fedex, and upus are almost in place. Express companies are beginning to focus on developing more customers and providing more diversified services in limited market space, while integrated logistics services are beginning to emerge.
Full coverage of services, followed by exploring a range of strategic services for clients, selling to the same customer, selling the services that all companies can offer as a means of increasing the profit chain, while at the same time effectively providing services to reduce unit costs. So we see the previous major couriers in the industry.
In the case of slow growth, the speed of up to 10 per cent in the express volume can still be maintained. Figure 49: Ups and upswings in the supply chain The impact of the development of the supply chain is: 1) supply chain business revenue, profit and acceleration contribution
(This part refers only to dhl and ups, since Fedex is not shown as a separate supply chain subject; dhl uses logistic data, and ups uses sublychain&freeight data). After 5-8 years of cultivation, revenue and profit from supply chain services by company, 2000-2006
The ratio of income to ebit is relatively stable over the next 10 years, excluding major changes in the economic environment. dhl’s logistic profits are around 30%, and ups’ similar business ebit is around 10%; in absolute terms, it is close to 10%.
The direct profit contribution from supply chain operations is in the range of 10 per cent. (1/9-3/7) For the development of supply chain operations, its direct incremental contribution is mainly in previous years of development operations;
During the period 2003-2007, dhl rolled the traditional compound growth rate of 3 per cent, adding up to 7 per cent in the supply chain industry; the profit scale ofups supply chain operations increased 3.14 times from 2004 to 2010, while the profit scale of traditional master industries increased by only 4.5 per cent during the same period.
To a certain extent, it is still limited to the size of the main industry. So it accounts for 2 per cent of income and profits, leading to an increase in other businesses.
The pace of growth has been faster than that of the industry, especially since the domestic delivery market in the United States has already entered a mature phase of steady competition, with a concentration of cr4 at more than 90% since 2000, so we think that the higher speed of growth in the delivery sector comes from the contribution of supply chain operations.
See, at an early stage in the development of supply chain operations, it may be in the process of developing a stock of original customers or providing a branch supply chain logistics service (sale end or production end only), so that the increase in business volume is not significant; but when operations are mature, additional supply chain operations will lead to a whole supply chain industry
Volume, so the pull-up effect on the volume of business will be more pronounced. 3) The rise in the roa. The economies of scale of the express delivery industry are clear, and the increase in the volume of business will result in an increase in unit costs and asset utilization, and will indirectly increase the profitability of the company. We observe three courier companies.
After a brief decline of 1-2 years in the early stage of supply chain business development, it started to climb. After the stabilization of supply chain operations began in 2006-2007, the roa also reached a stable state, excluding the effects of the economic crisis, and Fedex, groups and dhl's roa were promoted before and after the extension of supply chain operations.
7.2 The transformation of integrated logistics operators to facilitate the valuation of business to renovate Fedex and ups into contractual logistics has been catalyzed by new operations, with significant share price gains relative to the s&p500 index.
In the 1990s, the Fedex stock price performance was significantly weaker than the S&P 500 index, as the United States Express market grew at a single digit rate and the market pattern stabilized. From July 1980, the Fedex stock price rose 5.5 times from the market to the end of the 20th century, while the s&P 500 was the same period.
Between the beginning of 2000 and 2006, Fedex and ups had the highest returns against the S&P 500 index.
193% and 45%, respectively. Between 2009 - 2016, a large increase in the compound price of Fedex and Ups was not only driven by performance, but also by business expansion.
The valuation level of the Defedex and the ups was significantly lower than that of the s&p500 index as a whole. In 1993–1999, the middle of the fedexpe valuation was only 17 times that of the s&p500 index, but at the beginning of the 20th century, when Fedex and the ups were heavily invested in integrated logistics, the two companies valued the pe.
There has been a significant increase in the s&p500 index. Between 2003 and 2006, the average estimate for Fedex was 19.4 times, already exceeding 18.3 times the s&p500 index, and the estimate for ups was 18.0 times.
The value of integrated logistics operations will be higher. After observing the share prices, relative returns, valuation indicators for Fedex and ups, we found that the advance of integrated logistics operations has a clear positive catalytic effect on the above indicators, with different market values.
. Visible expansion of the volume of business brought about by supply chain management, increased stickyness to client enterprises and higher profitability, allowing Express company valuations to grow rapidly. Figure 55: ups versus s&p500pe valuations
7.3 Accomplishment: The path is clear, and the new business development results are beginning to rise on the scale of b2b, which will become the next market flashpoint. Unlike the US logistics industry, which has been accompanied by the emergence of manufacturing and consumer courier markets, the Chinese Express industry has emerged.
The scale of China’s b2b transactions exceeded 15 trillion yuan a year, 6.22 times the value of the b2c transactions. Although the size of the b2b market has reached a very high level in terms of volume, its penetration rate is relatively low relative to the developed countries and its application pattern is single ... more than a b2b third-party platform.
According to the 2015 data, the size of China ' s gdp is about 60% of the United States, but the size of b2b is only about a third of its size, and e-commerce penetration capacity is about half that of the United States. In contrast to the United States Express market, it has shifted from b2b to b2c, owing to more dispersed consumer customers.
More time-sensitive, and more expensive, delivery companies need to encrypt the network, so b2c not only generates more benefits, but also costs a lot. If the domestic delivery market moves from b2c to b2b, the costs and costs of encryption the network can be saved, and the benefits are purer.
▪ The size of assets, the diversity of operations are the basis for the integrated logistics operations of courier companies, and the size and composition of clients determines the speed and profitability of business. ▪ Assets: 1 asset is a strong synergy.
In the future, the construction of the Ozhou airport will provide good support to improve product timeliness, stability of services, capacity to build high-end integrated logistics services, and client satisfaction.
It is also an important way to optimize the structure of the company ' s air network and reduce network costs: 3 are well funded.3 Net operating cash flows of $6.108 billion in 2017 can provide a strong mix of operations for integrated logistics development: 1 new business is well developed in 2017.
In particular, heavy goods, cold shipments, co-city and international operations grew by 79.9 per cent, 59.7 per cent, 40 per cent in 2017, and two blocks were more synergized. Time limits, heavy goods, cold chains, etc. could all focus on land transport networks.
There is considerable synergy in logistics networks that can be developed together;3 there is greater certainty in performance. On the one hand, there is greater balance; on the other hand, the volume of business and revenue has increased at a rate of 3,052 million votes in 2017, an increase of 18 per cent in the same year; operating income has increased by 24 per cent in the same year, which is higher than the volume of business.
Growth, mainly due to: (1) increased corporate focus on the quality of income; and (2) higher share of income from new operations, resulting in a shift to integrated logistics services. • Client size and structure: Saturation itself has high-end client resources at the b2c end and node coverage
It has become more complete, and business clients are more willing to work with comfort, leaving the supply chain procurement, warehousing, distribution, etc. of their own products to a smooth integration solution.  With regard to profit forecasting, we are cautiously assuming that:
1) Statute of limitations and economics: In terms of past data, the overall development of the statute of limitations market has been steady and steady. 2) New operations: heavy cargo operations are highly synergized with the original express delivery network and are now fast-starting, with heavy cargo operations ranked third in 2017 in the zero-load market, after German shares and Ann.
Logistics, with a high rate of growth of 79.9 per cent, we expect the heavy cargo industry to rise from 2018 to 2020, with a second-higher market size in 2017, with a 2 per cent market share, and international products benefiting from cross-border power suppliers and ups, with a projected increase in international operations from 2018 to 2020.
4) Level of Māori: As business volume grows rapidly in the future, new business shifts from income growth to profit growth, and the scale effect is gradually reflected, the Māori rate is expected to begin to pick up. But, in our view, there is still much room for growth in the medium- and long-term market value of prosperity.
It will be 30 to 40 per cent a year and begin to contribute to the increase in profits; moreover, companies have the potential to emerge from the field of integrated logistics, and our social logistics markets are huge, so that they can take advantage of the advantages accumulated by brands and b2c end and take up a larger share of the integrated logistics market and future prospects.
It's like a huge amount of space. Sustained upscaling of traditional business by roa 4-6% (full business chain); 2017, smooth roa of 12.97%, and the full business chain of the Consistency Express company roa (including allied companies) is expected to fall short.
So it is conservatively estimated that long-term integrated logistics services operations will increase profits by 50 per cent to 25,49 per cent of pre-dismantling shares; the express delivery industry is competitive and integrated logistics is not growing as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment