The effect of the change continues to be evident, with a 33 per cent increase in performance in 2016.
Our expectations. By this measure, the company q4 returns $5.36 billion, y0y + 26.2%, net profits of $760 million, yoy + 24.5%. The effect of change continues to be evident: the effectiveness of the company’s change continues to be evident, with q4 in the background of a high base period.
We believe that this is largely due to the continued expansion of corporate solutions services and the continued strengthening of overseas channels. From the point of view of operating profits, at 03, the increase in R&D inputs and higher cost rates reduced the q3 one-quarter operating profit rate to 6.5%.
In the case of q4, however, the company's single-season profit rate has recovered and growth is still to be expected: 1. The company has been scaling up its research and development efforts over the last two years, turning it into a solution.
The product combinations are organized and the project is continuing, and we believe that the transformation of the company will continue to be visible as the City of Peace, the City of Wisdom, and the City, including the ppp project, continues to land.
The firm implementation of the internationalization strategy, the rising collection ratio, we believe, in the context of Europe's rising security needs, as the company's overseas branches grow, channels and brands are built, and institutional investors account for the share of circulation a.
As the system continues to improve, the size of the company's overseas market will continue to grow; 3. The company will be actively engaged in security operations, civil security, machine vision, cloud services, etc., and will gradually grow into an integrated video surveillance service provider in the future.
Profit expectations: we expect the company to realize net profits of $2.36 billion and expected remuneration (expected return; er) in 2017 and 2018, respectively, as follows:
Data source: corporate bulletins, grouping of benefits Data source: company bulletins, grouping of benefits