The sales of Dahua shares (002236.sz) have grown slower than expected; the profit margin is stable; and neutrality is neutral. We have recently met with the management of the Dahua shares and the leading industry firm, Heconway.
Including: the delay in the implementation of the new solution project for the G.A.S. shares, which slows down expectations, may result in the loss of revenue to large enterprises such as H.C.C.C. and D.C., making national price competition in distribution channels more rational; (3) industry has a positive view of government spending on the security surveillance system in 2017, and anticipates it.
There was a strong spending momentum and an increase in the ppp project compared to 2016; Dahua shares were more aggressive in obtaining the ppp shares (002236.sz) than in Heiconway; and (4) industry leaders regained interest in profit margins, Heiconway and Dahua shares.
The average for the Asia-Pacific science and technology industry is expected to improve profit margins in 2017, as product structures tend to favour higher end products.
We expect that the slowdown in the expansion of new projects will slow the growth of sales, and that the impact of the ppp project on short-term income may not be significant because of the delay in recognition of income from such projects. We therefore believe that the large Chinese shares may need to be more selective in participating in the ppp project.
For information, see the information disclosure appendix or contact your investment representative.
People who have contributed to this report (002236.sz) January 16, 2017
In addition, no part of my salary is, or will be, related directly or indirectly to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of cash returns, industry status, and management levels (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social, and corporate governance aspects facing the industry).
Kim Joon: a share of telecommunications and technology.a A share of telecommunications and technology: optical science, space information, science and technology, stone-based information, Toyota, China-China-United (a), fire communications, Gore shares, Heiconway, Heikushi, Heung Yui Electronic, 4-dimensional New, all-round electronics, smart news, Effie Light, Cyber-Technology, Friends Network, Daehua shares, China-Hing Communications (a).
Statutory corporate-related disclosures Non-disclosure of specific information on: the company rating (rmb13.36), the research industry and ratings and related definitions
Manage the list of investments in the region; however, the distribution of purchase and sale ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to the lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, previously made would no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High China Securities.