But now, between silence and silence, the company has published three quarterly reports — $148,896 million in business income, the same amount – in the first three quarters of 2019.
This represents an increase of 7.7 per cent; the net profit attributable to the mother was 7.77 billion yuan, or 26.2 per cent over the same period, and the net profit not attributable to the mother was 5.83 billion yuan, an increase of 5.7 per cent over the same period, with a cash flow of 90.007 billion yuan, a Māori rate of 29.09 per cent and a net interest rate of 7.57 per cent.
If logistics operations are no longer consolidated, if the impact of the logistics presentation is excluded, the return rate is 9.1 per cent for the same calibre, the net profit is 2.62 billion yuan for the same year, 91 per cent for the same year, and the net profit from non-mortality is 1,130 million yuan for the same year, 8.1 per cent for the same year, the value of the stock has risen seven consecutive days since the publication of the three-quarterly report, with a cumulative increase of 18.29 per cent, of which the single day rises on 1 November.
According to the list of shareholders, Hong Kong, China, China, Hong Kong, Central Bank, China Securities and Finance Corporation, and Gic, Singapore, are its top 10 shareholders. Moreover, in the list of institutional investors, there are well-known key players, such as Fonda.
Once, it was well known for an animated film, "Hail Brothers," and the story of its internal rage against the refrigerator was a classic case of quality management, and you must have guessed it by the name of the Hair Jib.
In 2011, it opened the road to overseas M&As, from M&As in Japan, to Phishpike in New Zealand, to Gea in the United States, and to Candy in Italy, to gradually improve the global layout. Supported by endogenous growth and external M&As, its revenues rose from $800 million at the beginning of the market to $180 billion today, with Grigori and the United States joining the White Power Trinity.
In the second quarter of 2019, the overall refrigerator sector experienced a 7 per cent decline in retail sales and a 3 per cent decline in retail sales, but its high-end brand, Car Satti, was the only one to have achieved a “positive growth” of four indicators: retail volume, retail volume, share, average price, 12 per cent, retail volume, as much as 18 per cent, and international high-end brands, such as Boshi and Siemens, were dumped.
Backwards. Three-quarterly reports, Kassati refrigerators and washing machines, which have a significant advantage in the market of more than $10,000, with the city accounting for 40.6 per cent and 76.8 per cent, respectively; and Casatian air conditioning, which accounts for 41.26 per cent of the market of more than 15,000.
In terms of the quality of growth — in the first three quarters of 2019, operating income grew by 7.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, receivables by 12.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, inventory by 20.18 per cent on a year-on-year basis, sales costs by 6.77 per cent on a year-on-year basis, advance receipts by 51.66 per cent on a year-on-year basis, cash from operating activities by region, the core driving force was still from overseas operations, with an increase of 25 per cent in the previous three quarters, with an increase in North America.
11.6 per cent long, the European region was affected by Candy, with a significant increase of 224.5 per cent; internal sales, with projected pressure on air conditioning, but the share of ice washing increased. According to data for the third quarter of Mid-Eicon, the share of Hale refrigerators and washing machines was increased by 1.1 per cent, respectively. The first three quarters saw an increase of 25 per cent in Kassati's brand revenues, with a 42 per cent increase in the third quarter.
Speeding up, mainly as a result of rapid air conditioning and the restoration of laundry capacity. — In terms of profitability — 7.57 per cent net interest rate in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 1.9 percentage points over the same period, mainly due to an increase in investment returns due to the disposal of logistics operations, with a Māori rate of 29.09 per cent, an increase of 0.16 percentage points over the same period.
The balance was almost the same as at the end of the third quarter of the previous year, with a 20.18% increase in inventory and a 2.4-day increase in inventory turnover. A brief summary of this three-quarterly report: the growth of overseas operations is good, and the growth of the high-end brand, Casati, continues to accelerate.
1) What are the factors worth analysing after the release of its three-quarterly report? From the perspective of financial modelling, how will these change factors affect financial modelling? (2) What is the difference between the performance of the three-quarterly report in 2019 and the previous estimates? What are the data assumptions that need to be updated?
3) This time, on the basis of the updated data from the tri-quarters of 2019, in what room? Compared with the previous data, today we start with Hale Jiist (formerly known as Qingjia Haile) to study the modelling logic of the household electricity industry. For the household electricity industry, we have studied the power appliances, the American conglomerates, the boss ' s appliances, the Soupor, the flying appliances, the Zing.
Jiang Mi-da could buy a professional version of the Yogurt team’s report, get some of our previous reports, as well as some of the highlights, a detailed excel financial model, and in-depth research by hundreds of companies and dozens of industries to think deeply about the nature of the industry. Which data are the key?
Since the tri-quarterly report does not disclose disaggregated data disclosures, we have mainly determined whether to adjust the assumptions, which are shown in purple fonts, mainly through the variables factors currently available, the following components of the valuation assumptions:
1) The growth rate of revenue - in the first three quarters of 2019, operating income was $148,896 million, an increase of 7.72 per cent over the same period, which is slightly different from our projected rate of 10.56 per cent, which is basically maintained here. In this case, taking into account the fact that logistics operations are no longer listed, the income growth rate of the corresponding operations is adjusted accordingly.
The percentage point, the change is smaller, but the impact factors are more complex, including the Candy tabulation, the logistics business presentation, etc. If only the original industry (excluding Candy) is taken into account, the increase in the Māori rate is due to the impact of its streamlining of sku, supply chain synergies, etc.
4) Cost assumptions — in the first three quarters of 2019, sales cost rates decreased by 0.15 percentage points to 5 on a year-on-year basis) and other assumptions — in the first three quarters of 2019, capital expenditure and operating capital changes were largely in line with expectations, and therefore the original assumptions were maintained.
Here, with the updated modelling report and the adjusted Excel table, you can compare the update with the previous data in some detail, and feel in depth -- according to the three-quarterly report, what minor changes have occurred in the fundamentals? How will these subtle change factors affect the intrinsic value?
In 1993, Hale Jiji (formerly known as Qingdao Haile) as one of the Heir Group subsidiaries, listed as a group of local household electrical assets, held a shareholder Heir group, directly or indirectly holding 40.46 per cent of Hale Jie's shares, and has undergone many years of strategic integration, which has now led to the formation of a complete electrical product category for everyone such as refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, kitchen guards, etc.
Enterprises. The equity structure is as follows: Waterworks, with 44.96 per cent of the shares, means that 60 per cent of the profits of Hale electrical appliances are enjoyed by minority shareholders, and the profits attributed to the parent company, Hale Wise, are reduced accordingly.
It is worth mentioning that, according to the evening announcement of 12 December 2019, the case is currently preliminary to the privatization of the Hale appliance, which is to be offered in the form of a stock exchange that will be marketed on the main board of the joint. If successful, it will be increased to the size of the mother’s profit. However, since there may be a premium in the subsequent exchange, the ps increase or decrease will be determined.
Among its institutional holdings, the Hong Kong Central Clearing House, the Chinese Securities and Finance Corporation, the Gic (Singapore Government Investment Corporation), and the Efonda. Of these, the Hong Kong Central Clearing House, the Alfonda Small and Medium Tables have increased, the All-China Fund, and the Bottting Fund have decreased their positions compared to the three-quarters report in 2019.
The three-year compound increase in income from industry and net profits was 24.08 per cent and 20.84 per cent, respectively. In the first three quarters of 2019, operating income grew by 7.72 per cent on a year-on-year basis, net profit from maternity increased by 26.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, net profit from non-mortality increased by 5.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and non-recurring gains and losses were derived from investment gains from the establishment of logistics operations.
In July 2019, after the replacement of its logistics business for its clean water business, and the replacement of its assets, the satellite Hale still held 47% of the share (pre-replacement: 56.4%) in the current case, and therefore no longer listed for the solar-sun logistics. The profit from this one-time investment resulted in a net gain of $1.44 billion to the mother in 2019. In terms of revenue structure, refrigerators, washing machines, and so on.
The three major white power units of air conditioners, which account for more than 65 per cent of the total, account for about 90 per cent of the higher proportion of the Māori structure, which, according to the profit sheet — $18.317 billion in 2018, cost 71 per cent of the cost of operating at a cost of 71 per cent.
Millions of yuan, or 26.62 per cent of total annual purchases; of this amount, 31.568 billion dollars was purchased by related parties, representing total annual purchases, first of all, to take stock of its historical growth rate and look for the driving factors behind its revenue. At the historical rate of growth, its revenue grew by the following: 136.97 per cent in the same year, mainly by acquiring 74.45 per cent of the shares of the Qing island Hal Air Conditioners, adding air conditioners.
3. Businesses. 3) Business revenue increased by 35.57 per cent in 2010, mainly driven by the expansion of domestic demand policies such as electricity and electricity generation, “old for new” and “energy-efficient” policies, which drove rapid increases in sales, and by the holding of electrical appliances in the same year and the addition of new laundry machines, water heaters, etc. after the table. 4) Business income increased by 32.59 per cent in 2016, mainly by mergers and acquisitions in the same year.
So, one of its revenue increases comes from endogenous power and the other from extended M&As. After 2000, it consolidates the White Power assets of the Haile Group into a public platform, forming a matrix of household full-use appliances such as refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, kitchen guards, and so on.
Gea, Fiji, New Zealand, and Candy, Italy, among others. First on domestic revenue, we'll be able to predict the speed of growth and other business income projections, mainly for the higher-income refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, and two major factors.
The model case analysis has been identified - i.e., mainly in view of changes in downstream demand, one is a new demand (100-house holdings) and one is an updated demand.
= (urban + rural + rural) = urban + urban + rural + rural + rural + rural + new demand for new = (urban + rural) = urban + urban + urban + rural + rural + rural + need to focus on the amount of ice rinsed – how much space is there for the future?
Since refrigerators and washing machines are among the first types of products to be affected by policies such as domestic electricity and electricity, their coverage is high. As of 2018, there were 97.7 units of households in washing machines and 88.5 in rural areas, compared with 100.9 in refrigerators and 95.9 in rural areas, which is a small difference from the 110 ceilings in the Japanese ice-washing market.
At first glance, the data seem to be fast to the ceiling, right? Actually, no, there's more to be wondered about. It's worth noting that the washing machine has been growing faster than the refrigerator since 2012, showing a sustained increase in the overall output of the refrigerator industry at 0% and below.
The reason behind this is that product upgrades, in addition to rollers, are based on classification cleaning (undergarments, infants, etc.) and washing (dry clothes, etc.) and washing (dry clothes, etc.).
The upgrading needs (e.g., microbicides) may gradually break the “one-house” properties of washing machines, so that future washing machines may hold more ceilings than Japan. Figure: Increase in sales in refrigerators, washing machines industry (%)
On the basis of this analysis, we can broadly assume that: platform, 2.3, with 110 holdings at Japanese ceiling level, the increase is reduced to 0:2) per cent of rural households: 2.2 per cent of rural washing machine holdings are assumed to remain at 2018 levels, and rural ice is estimated to be 2.2 per cent of rural households.
The percentage increase in the number of containers was 4.2, taking into account the small economic base in rural areas, assuming 100 (3) urbanization: 59.6 per cent (urbanization rate = urban population/total population) in 2018 and 70 per cent according to the annual rate of urbanization of State Council personnel.
4) Number of urban households, rural households: assuming that the total population will remain unchanged at 1.4 billion in the future, the average household size in 2015 was 3.1, and, as the trend towards family miniaturization is clear (3.44 in 2000), urban households will have a population of 2.87 and rural households 3.78. On this basis, we can extrapolate a population of 3.78 by the end of the decade.
This is the number of urban and rural households in 2028. When these variables are determined, we can calculate the refrigerators, the inventory of washing machines and the additional requirements.
In addition to the new demand, projections of the need for renewal are based on the replacement cycle of household electricity. Since nearly 10 years have passed since the end of the household, the refrigerator renewal cycle has generally been 10-12 years, and the washing machine has been about 6-10 years, the products sold have been introduced into the replacement cycle. As a result, the market for internal sales of ice-washed products has been reduced and upgraded.
This assumes that the replacement requirement for washing machines is based on a three-year average retail volume for the projected years 10 years ago, 11 years ago, and 12 years earlier.
Seeing here, while the internal sales forecast is over, the revenue forecast is still far from over -- next, we're going to calculate Hal's income on the basis of the city occupancy rate. Given Hal's years of cultivation at high end brands, this modelling has divided his product into high end, non-high end products, with income forecast separately.
The structure of products in the field of domestic electricity, which used to be domestic parities, high-end foreign brands, common high-end home brands, is more than Siemens, Matsuko, Samsung, etc., and Heir has been in the high-end market since 2008. In 2008, Kassati’s brand revenues grew at a high rate of 41% and 44%, respectively.
At the same time, Kassati’s high-end market is still concentrated. As of 2018, Kassati had 36% and 76.9% of the ice-washing market over $10,000, respectively.
7.49%), Bosch (1.83% in 2017). Seeing these figures, you might sum up in two words: luck, but it's superficial. Cassarty's “reverse” in the field of electricity at the high end is significant. This means that domestic manufacturers have broken through the technology and brand walls of the high end home power market.
And it's hard to be imitated or overtaken by high-end branding and refreshing the user's mind, which is the advantage of Hel's power over America. To predict the sales of high-end products, one variable has to be determined: the penetration rate of high-end products. The formula is as follows:
High-end product sales = total domestic sales * high-end product penetration*
Between 11% and 13%, households with more than $100,000 account for between 35% and 38%. Given that the average price of the calculator's heating is approximately $20399 and $27199, respectively, here we take the high net group as the audience group, and the increase in the penetration rate of the high-end household electricity at the high-net population.
Between 2006 and 2018, the country's high net worth of personal investable assets grew from 180,000 people, so it is assumed that the high-end household power penetration rate increased from 22 per cent to 6 per cent of the gdp rate (taking into account the growth rate of the high net worth of mature markets abroad, which then returned to the same rate as that of gdp year after year).
And then the market share of Hel high-end products. Since high-end brands benefit from consumer intellectual knowledge, market rates are often difficult to change dramatically, Cassarty has been able to defeat Siemens, loose and become the head of a new high-end electric brand, with foreign giants against consumers, in addition to his own.
In January-June 2019, Kassati’s share in China’s ice-washing power was 50.4%, up 1.9%. According to the third quarterly report, Kassati’s share in the market was 40.6% (in 2015), and in the market of 10,000 yuan and more.
30 per cent), 76.8 per cent (54 per cent in 2014): Casatian air conditioners account for more than 15,000 to 41.26 per cent, so we assume that, with the pre-emptive advantage, Haile is still able to ensure that its market share of high-end products remains stable and continues to rise, assuming that the market share is 37.5 per cent from the 2018 level (as there are no detailed data on high-end products, this caliber ratio is higher)
Okay, analysis of the growth of high-end products, followed by the market share of non-high-end products. Until 2016, the rise in the market share of Haile was not significant, owing to, among other things, the integration of internal channels, and the effect of the reforms began to be felt in 2016, with the share of sales in Hale refrigerators rising from 25 per cent in 2016 to 27.6 per cent in 2017, and the washing machine rising from 26.7 per cent in 2016.
27.6 per cent in 2017 and 0.6 per cent to 30.8 per cent in January-July 2019; 1.35 per cent to 36.3 per cent in sales; 2.05 per cent to 32.5 per cent in washing machines; 31.78 per cent in January-October 2019, and 35 per cent in the market for washing machines.
There has been an increase in all of them. Taking into account the high concentration of the industry, the limited scope for upgrading, the neutral assumption at the time of the first coverage — non-high-end products — due to the higher share of washing machines, where the market for washing machines has been adjusted at 35% and the refrigerator has been maintained. Here, the sales are determined, and there is a key indicator to confirm — what will be the price in the future?
We're also looking at high-end products and non-high-end products. 1) The price increases for high-end products are driven by product technology, performance improvements, and growth in the disposable income of urban residents, to the point where they are related to the satisfaction of high-end consumption (the Van Buren effect). Here, we refer to the high-end white wine duo, luxury.
The price of the brand ' s Chanel handbag, which largely determines the price trends of the product at the end of the case: annual price increases of 32.31 per cent, compound price increases of 8.6 per cent (from 2010 to 2017, prices rose from $496 and disposable incomes also increased at about 8 per cent, which should be the center of the price growth of high-end brands, and the rate of increase was too low to protect the value.
Not enough, but too high a rate of increase would be out of practice. Here, we consider that the unit price of household electricity is higher than the white wine, and that the scarcity, the level of preservation, is less than Chanel and the hut, and it is therefore more difficult to maintain a higher price increase, and here we assume that the price of the high end product in this case is increasing from the current level of disposable income.
Behind the price increases is the optimization of the product structure - refrigerators from single door to double door, three door to multiple door, washing machine from single tank to double tank, wave wheel to roller, with a clear upward trend in the industry.
For the price of non-high end products, it is assumed that the average price of washing machines will remain at 3 per cent in the first quarter of 2019 (close to an increase in cpi); the average price of refrigerators will remain at 3 per cent in the first five years, after which the price of refrigerators will increase at a rate of 5.8 per cent and 3.8 per cent, respectively, in 2019, and 6.5 per cent and 6.5 per cent, respectively, in the bottom and line, respectively, as mentioned in our previous study in the United States.
5.6%, with a variation in the average price on-line and below-line - the average price on-line decreased on-the-line and the average price on-the-line increased on-the-ground, mainly because price-sensitive consumers mostly bought high-value products on-line, the consumer below-line followed a high upward trend in consumption, and the average price below-line continued the logic of the increase. In the absence of overall price change data, the assumption is maintained.
Ice-washing products have been predicted, and then there are air-conditioning operations, water heaters, and so on. First, air-conditioning, according to the formula “A/C = internal sales* average air-conditioning rates” (1), internal air-conditioning sales.
Forecasts are not repeated here, directly citing the forecast results; 2) secondly, the market occupancy rate. Because of a variety of factors, such as internal resource integration, management strategies, Hal's presence in the air-conditioning track followed by a strong and beautiful rate. In 2018, Gale held 36%, United States 26.6%, and Hale about 10%. Here, we have a neutral assumption that Hale's share of air-conditioning is stable.
3) then prices, as with the structural upgrade of ice-washing products, the ratio of prices above the middle end of the retail end of the air conditioner is clear. Assuming a decrease of 4% in the price of air conditioners in the first half of the year in 2019, then a return to the industry compound rate of 2.5%. In January-September 2019, average below-line air conditioners fell by 3.1%, air conditioners on-line by 1.6%, taking into account the four-quarters air conditioner industry
The forecast results for air conditioning operations are as follows:
In July of that year, it replaced its logistics operations with water purification operations, which generated $9 billion in 2017 and approximately $10 billion in 2018.
In 2019, the rate of increase was -12 per cent, taking into account the increase in water purification operations (undisclosed income size) and assuming, for the time being, that the rate of increase in 2020 would be the same as in 2019, and then maintaining the original assumption that income would increase by 6 per cent — with a 6 per cent increase in gdp. So, we did the domestic market forecast for Haile. In the first half of 2019, 47 per cent of its revenue came from overseas markets, so we're going to think about it.
Examination: How to predict income from overseas markets? According to data from Euromonitor ' s global retail sales of large household appliances, Heil ' s major domestic appliances ranked first in 2018 for 10.6 per cent (2017).
In the year and a half of 2019, its overseas operations accounted for 46.78 per cent (42 per cent in 2018), compared with 40.24 per cent (including 10 per cent of the M&A revenue) and 14 per cent of the Goli overseas income. It is also worth mentioning that in the present case, the overseas income is derived from its own brand (other power companies have been licensed) and is fully covered.
In the first three quarters of 2019, overseas incomes grew by 25% over the previous three quarters, reaching 47%. In terms of regional shares, the American market was 15%, while other regions, such as South-Central Asia and Australia, accounted for less than 10%.
At different levels of market maturity, North America, Europe, Australasia, Japan and Korea are mature stock markets, with income drivers mainly looking at product upgrading; South Asia (India, Pakistan), South-East Asia, etc., are emerging markets, largely dependent on new demand to boost income growth. Because these markets contain multiple monolithics, income cannot be broken down in detail, so the subregion is based on the following factors:
The North American region — the North American region — has achieved near universal access to domestic electricity, with renewed demand becoming the main driver of growth, and the electricity market has grown relatively slowly, with electricity sales falling by 5.6 per cent in the first half of 2019, and the industry growing by 2 per cent on average. The United States market is largely generated by the gain from the gain in gea (acquisition in 2016, good at cooking power), and Hal has increased in 2018 in the North American city of cooking and electricity.
By 25.1%, the first-ever market share of refrigerators rose from the fourth to the first (24.1% in 2018), and the overall market share rose by 3 percentage points, thanks mainly to increased resource integration and management efficiency, with Heidepo (1.89% in 2018) and Ileks (1.2% down).
European markets — the overall growth rate of gdp is slowing across the European market and the domestic electricity market is weak, with ice washing increasing by only 1.1 per cent, 0.6 per cent and cooking and electricity sales falling by 1 per cent, respectively. In 2018, the case involved the acquisition of a high-end Italian brand, Candy, an increase in the layout of the European market, together with Bose Siemens, Heiyepo,
Arcelik's three big players competed. The European market recorded 244.5% growth in the first three quarters of 2019 (excluding Candy's 22% growth), and is expected to continue to be driven by high-end positioning (which sells at the same price as the new Australasia market - industry, influenced by the slowdown in the economy, the decline in consumer confidence indexes, etc., Australia's electric power market.
The overall negative growth was accompanied by a 2.3 per cent decline in sales in the retail market in New Zealand, but in the first three quarters of 2019, the case continued to grow in reverse terms, with revenue growing at 3.2 per cent, driven by product structural upgrading. Considering the market ' s more mature power industry, it is assumed that it will continue to grow in the first half of the year 2019.
The Japanese and Korean market - home power markets are mature and white electricity sales are growing at a slower rate, with refrigerator sales increasing by 1.4 per cent, washing machines holding flat. In 2018, the case grew at a rate of 10 per cent in the Japanese region, higher than 3 per cent in the industry. In the first three quarters of 2019, revenue grew at a rate of 9.7 per cent, driven mainly by product upgrades, and in the first half of the year by super-large, large refrigerators.
This is a four-fold increase over 83%, 19%, and a stand-alone dryer. Here, the growth rate in 2019 will increase from 6.1% in the first half of the year, and then we will look at emerging markets.
South Asian markets — mainly India and Pakistan — are constrained by the level of economic development (low per capita gdp, as compared to China before and after 2005) and infrastructure construction shorts (poor electricity supply), with penetration rates of 32 per cent, 9.9 per cent and 8 per cent respectively in Indian refrigerators and washing machine air conditioners.
In recent years, the Indian market has grown at a higher rate, with a combined increase of 15.6 per cent between 2013 and 2018, with the highest global output and a high rate of growth; air conditioners, washing machines of $3.93 billion, $1.62 billion, with a compound acceleration.
Not 21.7 per cent and 41 per cent, but the South Asian market as a whole grew by 14.1 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019.
The three-quarters increase is not different from the forecast, so maintaining the assumption. South-East Asian markets — Thailand, Viet Nam, Indonesia, Philippines, etc. — are more prevalent, but air conditioners, washing machines, etc. are more permeable.
Low, with a compound growth rate of 4.2% and 3.2% between 2013 and 2018, the case reached 17.6% in South-East Asia, 12.6% in washing machines, 3.5% in cooking power, and lag behind in air conditioning layouts. In the first half of 2019, South-East Asia achieved revenue of $2 billion, an increase of 10%, and the first three quarters.
Three-quarter revenue increases are faster and the reasons for this increase are not disclosed, and here the projected 2019 increase is adjusted to the three-quarters increase, and the revenue forecast is finally over. However, is the logic of the above projections sound?
The average of the three-quarterly reported income as a proportion of annual income is 74%, as shown by the historical fluctuations. Thus, the figures here are roughly inverted, and there is little difference in the rate of growth that we predict above. Method II: Intra-natural growth -- by formula: intra-life, the part of the income is estimated to have been completed. And then we have to look closely at another important thing -- this case every year.
How much is it going to cost? Where is it going to be? After 2005, the Maori rate started to go up, on the one hand, by increasing industry concentration and adding up the product structure, which, compared to its counterparts, is also the highest, and with Japan's gold industry, domestic power.
So, what will the future change in the Māori rate? At the price end, with higher product ratios and product structure upgrading, the average price of the product is on the rise;
At the cost end of the supply chain, where there is a large synergy, it is expected that there will be savings in procurement costs associated with the bargaining advantage of raw materials and the advantage of large-scale procurement. For example, there are 13 common suppliers in the product categories of Haile and Gea, who can consolidate procurement volumes, centralize price and terms, and share resources with non-shared suppliers.
The factors are more complex, including Candy & Table, Logistics Business Statement, etc., and the increase in the Māori rate is largely due to efficiency gains from streamlining sku, supply chain synergies, etc., as well as an increase in Kassati’s share. Given the stability of Māori rates and future centralized procurement, the advantages of size can contain some cost, assuming business.
While the Māori rate has risen steadily, the reverse net rate of interest has been lower than that of his peers, with a net rate of about 6%. And the power is around 14%, and the US is around 10%.
Higher; Heijiura’s low net profit, of which the year 2017 was due to an increase in income tax, while the year 2018 was mainly a year of impairment of goodwill, intangibles, leading to negative net profits. So, high-levelization would raise prices and raise the Māori rate, but would also require more sales costs, so,
Net interest rates are lower than their peers, where the problem is, and we get answers from the cost. Because the power industry is one of the consumer industries, so let’s focus first on the cost of its sales.
Historically, Hale’s sales rate increased considerably, particularly from 2005 to 2009. This was mainly due to increased market penetration during the air-conditioning war and the degeneration of domestic electricity, but its growth in business income was limited, with sales costs rising significantly faster than the growth in business income.
At a later stage, the sales cost rate declined, largely benefiting from the expansion of income size and increased operational efficiency. However, overall, the sales cost rate remained at a high level, and according to the mid-2019 report, the sales cost was 14.75 per cent, almost the same as the same period as the previous year.
The sales cost rate can be seen as significantly higher than that of the United States, Gale (unscrewed sales costs, overheads, no. The case is a direct sales model, where products are connected to end-users through their own channels. The channels are more flattened than the traditional layers of distribution (which often go down through two or three levels of agency). In 2018, they were more than 8,000 in the country.
This direct connection has also led to an increase in sales personnel. In this case, 176,000 salesmen, eight times as many people as the Goli (2084) and four times as many people as the United States (4106 people).
On the one hand, Gea has a marketing network covering the whole of the United States, with long-term strategic partnerships with four major chains of electricity retailers: Seers, Lowe's, HomeDeport, and Bestbuy, while Candy has marketing in Europe.
Channels: Hal, on the other hand, has a three-tier channel system in China that includes kas, special stores, and solar-soons at its core, and it is expected that future channels’ synergies will gradually emerge. But, considering direct domestic sales patterns, as well as the rising branding of high-end brands, such as the opening of a direct store in Kassati, and the cost of selling it.
The decline in the rate is still under pressure, and here we believe that the improvement in the cost of sales directly determines the future valuation of Hale's water level, which is a critical factor. So, we need to set up scenario analysis switches: 12.65 per cent (five-year average) of the gravity sales rate. 2) Pessimistic assumption, sales costs (excluded depreciation amortization)/
Operating income, which has remained unchanged at an average of 16.69 per cent over the past three years. In the first three quarters of 2019, sales costs in this case fell by 0.15 percentage points to 15.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with minor variations, so that during the period 2000-2006 the management costs decreased significantly, mainly in the market chain sbu management model (in-house).
The introduction of marketed production links, inter-sectoral trading relationships, individual pay performance linked to departmental performance, and reduced operating costs associated with inefficient cooperation within the country) has been followed by a slight increase in management costs as a result of increased investment in information systems and in the development of new products.
However, its expenditure on R & D costs (2.2 per cent – 2.92 per cent) is a percentage less than that of the power and beauty, which means that R & D is weaker than that of its peers. Indeed, it is not that, with less expenditure on R & D, it is still possible to break through high-end products with higher technological requirements, indicating that the previous R & D stock is very deep and that it has passed the stage that requires significant prior investment in R & D costs.
By the end of 2018, Heir had established 10 major research and development centres worldwide and further consolidated its combined research and development capacity through the acquisition of 100-year home brands and the inclusion of teams such as Trio, Gea and Fisherpike (which are at the top of their ranks in the industry).
Therefore, considering the synergies, management efficiency is expected to increase further, with little pressure on research and development inputs, assuming that one administrative cost (excluding depreciation amortization)/business income as a proportion of its historical three-year average is 6.72 per cent.In the first three quarters of 2019, its administrative cost rate (without depreciation amortization) increased by 0.41 percentage points to 7.61 per cent on the same basis as in the second quarter of 2019.
The original projections are not different and therefore the assumptions remain unchanged. Cost, cost, profit schedule projections are completed, next to the money spent on capital expenditure, which is currently concentrated mainly on high-end air conditioning, special refrigerators, smart cooking power, with the exception of the logistics supply chain project.
At the same time, the high-end intelligent expansion of Hal's debt-transferable projects, which were launched at the end of 2018, showed that the share of prior-period capital expenditure in income fluctuated considerably in terms of investment and return on capital expenditure over the years. After 2009, the overall share of capital expenditure in income showed a small upward trend, ranging from 2 to 4 per cent, capital.
Power, beauty (both more than 6) is at a lower level. Considering the size of its fixed assets (including construction in progress), it accounts for about 12% of the total assets, which is relatively small, and does not make detailed capital expenditure plan projections here, but rather 3) Intangible asset acquisition/business income, excluding merger effects in 2016, self-study in 2018 and assuming historical parity.
After looking at the capital expenditure, let's see how the current situation of Hale's use of the money has changed in his day-to-day operations. From historical trends, Hal's operating capital has been negative since 2009 and has had a stronger voice up and down. 1) Downstream voice rights - mainly receivables, receivables, receipts, advance payments
Historical data show that receivables account for between 15 and 25 per cent of income, and that bank bills with a greater liquidity are higher. After 2009, the accounts receivable ratio continued to rise, with less downstream voice rights. However, after 2014, the receivable ratio was declining.
In addition, in June 2016, Haile completed the acquisition of the check-out of the Gee, which resulted in an increase in the balance of accounts receivable at year-end, but the consolidated statement consolidated only the second half of the year ' s income of the Gea, resulting in a decrease in the turnover of accounts receivable in 2016.In mid-2019, the accounts receivable was reported as $14.414 billion, representing an increase of 38.19 per cent over the same period in the previous year, mainly in the current period.
As a result, the accounts receivable situation has not deteriorated significantly in most cases within one year. At the end of the third quarter of 2019, Grigley performed better than his domestic and foreign counterparts, and Hale and America were at similar levels.
Due to the high incidence of overseas M&As in this case, the share of overseas income (over 40%) has risen significantly, while the households in the offshore market are generally retail giants, such as Wal-Mart, whose voice is relatively weak and somewhat tired of the overall turnover. However, if you look at the foreign counterparts, Heiye Pou, Ileks, Haile, etc.
The ratio of accounts receivable to accounts receivable is therefore declining overall, even though in 2016 the merger led to a comparison of accounts receivable to inventory turnover rates with the relatively low level of Heir (mainly as a result of the direct camp model) and overall
Despite Heir’s implementation of the zero-stock management model, the year’s end, based on orders and expectations for the future, is still, according to the semi-annual 2019 report, focused on the model, changing the multi-model strategy of the original product and streamlining the volume of the product sku. In the tri-quarter 2019 report, the stock balance was 25.8 billion yuan, an increase of 20 per cent.
In this case, the efficiency of Heir’s inventory turnover is still expected to increase, as the American group has streamlined its sku. According to the report of the Aiken family electricity network, the US has been able to transform its order-based production (t+3) from 64 to 32, while the product model sku has been reduced by 50%, and manufacturing efficiency has increased by more than 15% annually, with an improvement in the stock turnover rate.
Here, our neutral assumption is that the ratio of inventory/principal operating costs is the historical average of three years, at 18.72 per cent. 3) Upstream voice - mainly dues, advances.
By contrast, Hale has a better level of upstream voice, and with the integration of mergers and acquisitions and the synergy of supply chains in the future, it is expected that overall bargaining power and voice will be further enhanced. Therefore, we assume that the average value of accounts payable/business costs is 38.86% for nearly three years.
When the operating capital ends, then comes to the core valuation, the parameters are there, what the valuation results will look like, before modeling, let's take a look at the fundamentals of the case: 1) future income drivers, one look at the growth of high-end products and the upgrading of product structures, and the other look at the expansion of overseas markets.
2) For the moat, there is a pre-emptive advantage for the high-end brand, Kassarty, a self-directed layout with more control over the end, and M & As integration. 4) From a competitive pattern, based on data on the retail volume of the Euromonitor ' s global large household appliances brand, Ben
In the domestic market, washing machines and refrigerators are among the top of the list. (5) From the point of view of upgrading the valuation, the key is to raise net interest rates by raising the Māori rate through premium premiums for high-end products, and by improving the operational effectiveness of channels to enhance the supply chain, channels, and technological synergies to reduce the time charge.
The main variables of valuation modelling have been identified here. When the assumption is done, modelling is calculated and some of the focus companies have detailed valuation models.
For example, Yangjiang Power, Haikang, and the Modeling Section, the following is a sample:
In the case of Yangtze electricity, the balance sheet projections are drawn up: in the next professional and technical editions of the report, we will address the following major issues in this case, along these lines. Only by thinking clearly about these issues will we be able to understand the company in its entirety and become logically shut down.
Rings. Many people think that just by industrial logic analysis, they can run through the secondary market -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not clarified, there will still be a huge disaster: 1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies, and the resulting data compartments are available to all.
What difference, if any, is there something to think about? Are there any differences between large domestic and foreign companies? 2) Is it logical to combine relative valuations, absolute valuations, and the resulting valuation zones? Where are the differences?
3) In this case, one of the most important elements of the industry chain — how does the choice of different methods differ in the valuation modelling process in this case? How should all financial projections be combined to form a closed ring for the valuation modelling series?
4) After the pre-surge and collapse, many people may be panicking and dying at night -- so, is the value of this case, what kind of area is it, expensive or cheap? Because of the details of the public report, there will be a conflict with the payer of the merger and purchase of the eugenic report, and therefore, the merger buys the eugenic report.
The team will respond to the user’s request for reports, some of which will no longer be provided free of charge, and gradually try to pay for the function. Paying a reasonable price for good products is the way to make the world a better place – the cost that everyone pays will help us add more investment elites from the top universities around the world, and the benefits of buying and buying from the elite.
In this case, it will be updated to the "core product one: professional version of the valuation report" of the team. If you are interested in the value section of this case, as well as more other cases, you can scan the lower two-dimensional code.
The details of the valuation model in this case, as well as the financial risks that may be involved. At the same time, many of the reports that were previously unpublicable and significant risk point reminders would have been included.
The functions not available (including valuation modelling tables for priority companies) will be open for download.
To obtain model tables and invoices after purchase, add a staff micro-letter: ys_dsj in addition to this case, values are low, security margins, the eight words can be said to be the true core of the value investment research system and Ba.
Feather, Charlie Manger, Seth Callaman, Peter Lynch, John Neve, Joel Greenbrattt, the masters of both the primary and the secondary markets, who have at the same time financial analysis, industrial analysis, conservation river analysis,
Valuation analysis, portfolio analysis skills, and especially valuation analysis skills, are the essence of the entire system of value investment research. However, since valuation is not just a measure of data, it also needs to be based on an understanding of the market, an analysis of the industry, and
This is the direction for which the M&A team will work for the rest of its life -- together with us, daily carding, use.
In 10 years, 10,000 companies have been studied, and, despite the amount of effort, they will not save their labour, and their taste will not reduce their material strength. The best-selection has always been the way that M&As insist. We've been thinking about the research system for almost five years, and hundreds of companies for nearly three years.
And the hundreds of high-quality valuation reports that we've chosen are all concentrated in this library, which, on the one hand, is the entire record of the merger and acquisition of the team research system, and, on the other hand, is hoping to stimulate your thinking and reduce the bending path. We're a group of researchers that focus on in-depth research.
The M&A users have a set of research guides. I hope you'll get what you can every day. Versions, copies, copyings.) Content: we're responsible only for financial analysis, industrial research, content analysis, no support for any form of decision-making basis, and no form of investment advice.
Properties, organized in accordance with their statutory obligations to publicly disclose information such as financial statements, audits, bulletins, etc., without endorsement for future changes, any future changes are irrelevant to this paper. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee its completeness, accuracy, timeliness. Market risks, and research needs to be cautious.
Huge, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, does not guarantee that all the cases you need are covered.