Two-quarter profit-side upsight, four major business lines running on a continuous basis Investment rating: upscaling (maintenance) six-month performance growth robustly, and two-quarter profit-end upswings faster than expected
Semi-annual performance growth was robust. 2023h1, the company achieved a gross operating income of $20.309 billion, equivalent to +12.73 per cent; a net return to the mother of $2.28 billion, equivalent to +88.47 per cent; and cash received for the supply of labour and goods sold in the current period increased by $2,198 million over the same period the previous year, corresponding to the current period.
Cash for goods purchased and services paid increased by $723 million over the same period the previous year, while core products grew steadily and four major lines of operations continued to lead.
A series of products has been growing steadily. Yunnan has contributed more than $900 million in business income, an increase of 18.20 per cent over the same year; flu products have generated more than 100 per cent of the business income of single anti-inflammation tablets, an increase of 80 per cent over the same year; wind-out capsule revenues have increased by 27 per cent over the same year; and the summer humid group has become a good drug.
Water has grown by more than 260 per cent over the same period, ranking among the top 10 sales in the company in the first half of the year; at the same time, there has been an increase in the recognition of the market for gas, blood and oral fluids for plant supplementation products, with incomes close to the same increase.
25% share, which continues to be the first in the market; and 90% increase in income earned on the market to protect against clean-up. Ministry of Chinese Drug Resources: 879 million yuan in revenue earned from external operations, which increased by about 21% in the same year.
The provincial pharmaceutical companies: the provincial pharmaceutical mains generated $12,364 million, an increase of 13.60 per cent over the same period, while the share of the market in public hospitals at the county level and above in Yunnan continued to run.
New layout of foundational nuclear drug research and development (bu) to create a completely new performance growth point 145 million yuan in corporate research and development investment in the first half of 2023, an increase of 12.59 per cent over the same period the previous year.
The Pyre Research and Development Centre for Nuclear Drugs, which plans a 2,000-m2 radiological workplace, establishes a systematic research and development system that effectively improves the efficiency of research and development of nuclear drugs and provides a good basis for companies to innovate in the distribution of medicines.
The company works closely with the Department of Medicine at Beijing University, using Beijing University - Yunnan International Center for Research on Pharmacy as an important bridge to explore a platform for collaborative research and development of innovative models. Strategic collaboration with Shanghai medicine in a variety of fields.
The company is committed to exploring a new, precisely customized “integrated solution” based on the big data service backstage around its established development strategy.
Business model to create a new performance growth point for companies. The dental care business module (bu) focuses on the professional nursing track, with the front end full oral conservation product covered by the toothtalk brand dedicated to oral science, including intelligence
The backstage connects c-user with an oral advisory service platform, "I look at it" .
• The Precision Medical American Business Module (bu) is based on a medical American-American flagship shop, and the Health Management Module (bu) is dedicated to building a commercial operating platform for functional food and scientific nutrition products, building the foundations of traditional channels such as the White Pharmacy Life Plus.
The focus is on electric power providers, which now have 23 online shops. The SMART business module (bu) is officially operational, working to create a global digital platform for Yunnan White.
There is a wealth of medical industry, primary market investment, and secondary market research experience. Using information on legal compliance, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.