Two-wheel connection with digital intelligence-building, coupled with performance elasticity and growth securities (60137.sh) 30/06/2023
• Twin-wheel linkages and digital intelligence-building synergies, coupled with short-term performance elasticity and business growth In the medium to long term, clear strategic corporate planning and stable equity structures, management teams with endogenously nurtured cadres and internationalized financial science and technology talent, two-wheel linkages and digital intelligence-building,
Digital transformation from basic support, local empowerment to full empowerment and growth prospects for the future; comparative advantages of companies in wealth management operations such as asset management, funds for marketing, and in institutions such as derivatives, research; and improvements in corporate wealth management lines, expected to be achieved along with full registration landings, population wealth migration and self-employment
With greater elasticity, companies are expected to lead the industry at a higher rate of performance, and valuations are security marginal. We expect clear corporate ‘first-class securities finance groups’ strategic objectives and reforms to be effective, with a steady increase in combined strength (1) corporate reforms to be effective, highlighting regional, business, and talent endowments.
The objective of the mission is to demonstrate the effectiveness of the strategy of deep-farming fortune construction; the subsidiary's operations relate to a variety of areas, such as funds, futures, capital management, equity investment, the effective landing of the institutional mechanisms of integrated business management, the development of the backbone of the management team, and the demonstration of operational synergies. (2) The company's strategic objectives are clear and future growth is achievable.
The Financial Group of Bonds has been guided by a strategic orientation of “one brand, two-wheeled + digital intelligence building, three eco-circles, four main priorities, six competencies”, the “1+3+n” web site layout and the core regional layout, and the successful management reforms of sub-firms, with the emergence of “strong headquarters, large affiliates, specialized affiliates” (3).
The combined strength is steadily growing, and the differential advantages are highlighted. The upper-level of corporate business rankings, the swords, the top 10 industries, the transformation of wealth management, the increased competitiveness of investment operations, the dominant business model of light capital, the better-than-worker roe, and the two-wheeled drive to boost combined power.
• There has been a marked shift in the success of the three-dimensional four-way internationalization model, with the strategy of creating a differentiated investment line (1) and a two-wheeled and digital build-up leading to a high-quality transformation of wealth management. The company’s wealth in 2022 contributed 52% of its profits, benefiting from the global “equity plus” model and the South Fund’s head competition
Competing, financing and public fund-raising have advanced, and the coupon model has been advanced. It is expected that sales operations will benefit from wealth management transitions and branch reforms to deliver performance. (2) The major investment bank reforms are closely aligned with policy directions, specialization and differentiated advantages.
By focusing on strategic national industries, taking advantage of the competitive advantages of Fujian Province and the core region, the launch + research + investment has accelerated. Companies have accelerated the distribution of derivatives, with $8 billion in capital invested, expected to raise net interest earnings.
1. Two-round linkages with intellectual development to build a first-class securities and finance group 1.1, endogenous development teams to build good corporate governance, a clear strategic framework, diversified business maps 30 years after the company was baptized and continuously replenished to fully develop its operations in all fields and form an institutional business and wealth management.
Business lead. (1) Company history: the company was founded in October 1991 as formerly the Ministry of Banking and Securities of Fujian Province. The company was restructured in 1994 and formally recapitalized in 1999 and officially listed in October 2010: the company increased its equity by a number of additions, bringing the company ' s registered capital in 2023.
166 securities businesses, six securities finance subsidiaries, portfolio funds, futures and risk management, asset management, private equity funds, alternative and direct equity investments, cross-border finance, etc., are specialized areas. (3) Corporate advantages: companies build on the results of the two-wheel-drive business system “Fortune management plus corporate operations”
The strategy of “two-rounding + digitalization” consolidates the great wealth that characterizes the “wide fund + branch reform” — management of high-quality business development, combined with the integrated institutional operations of the Great Investment Eco-Coopers — and is expected to take an early lead in creating a “first-class securities finance group” in the context of the larger trend of institutionalization and wealth management.
Equity structure: Fujian Treasury is the controlling shareholder and actual controller of the company, and the equity structure has remained stable for a long time. (1) Fujian Treasury holds 20.44 per cent of the equity of the company, and the Fujian National Finance Commission has limited access to the Fujian Investment Development Group.