The chip filter is moving ahead faster than expected, refining "inner power" to improve the long term, a company dynamic study (300782.sz) that has multiple influences on performance, and the Māori rate is better than ever.
The net profit was also affected by the decline in business performance in the first three quarters compared to the same period last year, mainly due to: (a) the complexity of the international situation, the recurrence of domestic epidemics and the low demand in the market for the mobile phone industry as the company ' s main downstream application; and (b) the semiconductor product.
The planned advancement of industrial construction projects, with companies continuously increasing their R & D inputs and pool of talent, has led to higher R & D costs and operating costs; 3 M & A rates have decreased as product sales have evolved and market competition patterns have changed; 4 & inventory has decreased
There has been some improvement in product innovation; on the other hand, the growth of high-end models has led to a slight increase in overall Māori, while the overall competitiveness of corporate products has increased, including mature rfsoi and sige process-related products.
The company as a whole achieved 52.94% Māori in the first three quarters of the year. Cruise filters are progressing beyond expectations, refining “inner power” for the long term.
The R & D investment in the third quarter is about 280 million yuan, an increase of about 44% over the same period last year. Companies continue to invest resources to combine technological evolution and manufacturing processes and actively promote the development of filter-related products and the associated advanced manufacturing capacity.
The process research and development platform for the saw filter product was completed during the reporting period. 1 Dzumi (300782); demand was weak. On the one hand, the company ' s own saw filter and the high performance filter were reported.
Repress performance, self-constructed filters advanced over the period of warning with mass capacity; on the other hand, dual and quadruple machines have passed the production period 2022-09-01.
At the same time, the company's separate filters, 2, the China Securities * report, and the integrated home-grown filters of difem, l-difem, gps, etc. have accumulated.
(300782); rapid increase in the number of modules. Quite market-driven and partially validated by brand clients, i.e., year of transition to Fablite.
The company will continue to contribute to the construction of a semiconductor semiconductor industrialization project, increasing product performance and productivity on a volume basis, and making a solid contribution to the evaluation of the company.
Report - Cheuk Seung Wei - 300782 - the front end of the national production radio frequency (RF) company, moving from the Fables to the Fab-lite business model, self-build filtering, taps, clear long-term growth paths - gross.
The product line gives the company a whole industry with chip design, process manufacturing and sealing tests Liu -220112 2022-01-12 chain capacity to further optimize the entire product chain and guarantee its own production capacity
According to idc, as the risk drops and the market warms back in 2026, the company is expected to persist in its long-termism, show itself in the down-of-demand cycle, improve core competitiveness, and follow up with 5g development and application and radio frequency front end modules.
The trend will continue to provide a new performance growth point for corporate development. While the demand for downstream mobile phones is still weak, we believe that the company has become a platform for the front-end of the radio frequency field, which can widen its product coverage by completing filter layouts.
Industry downside risks, product R & D at a slower pace than expected, industry competition at higher risk, overseas policy changes, etc.
Mao Jianxing: Master of Materials, University of Kyotan, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in a global lead semiconductor vendor advanced process project, five years of commodity portfolio development experience, and employment in Liu Xin: Master of Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang University of Singapore, and formerly in the Chinese Qing Xin Xian Xian.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly due to, or because of, the specific comments or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.