_Other OrganiserAwllyownedsubsidiaryofchinamerchantsbank maxscend (300782ch)
3 qperformanaggingbyweakmobile; itisalwaysdarkestbeforedawn
I'm not sure if you're the only one in the world who's going to do it, but you're going to have to do it.
13.6% qoqtormb782mn, nptoshareholdersfell 54.6% yoyand20.5%qtormm233mn.thedeclinewasmainlyattriabletotheweakmobilemarket.
I'm sorry, sir, but I don't know if you're the only one who's gonna be here, but I'm the one who's going to be here, and I'm going to be there, and I'm the one who's going to be there, and I'm the one who's going to be there, and I'm the one who's going to be there, and I'm the one who's going to be there, and I'm the one who's going to be there, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be there, and I'm the one who's going to be the one who's going to be there, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be there, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be there, and I's going to be the one who's going to be there.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
Continuetoroloutproductstategoriesthatredalone overseas across names.wemaintainativeoutbookformaxscend, gevenitsledposition
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company mktcap (rmmmn)
Reportedgpmof 54.1% (up1.3% from2q), showingitsrelatively strong avg3mthst/o (rmb$mn) totalisseshares(mn)
The highgpmwillhelpmaxsscreenintainits source: bloomberg leavesincomesticruffmarketbycontuallyinvestinginr &d
3qr&dexp.grew55.1% yoy).meanwhill, somesmallerpeersare sharoldingstructure srugglingtosurvive.believemaxsscreenwillbeabeficiaryofopotial
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The company's townfilterproducts shareperformance havebeenshipped.meanwhile, diplexerandmultiplexersareunderclient
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
36xrollover23ep/e,lowerthan1sdbelow2-yrhist.avg.of43.6xforward p/e.wekeptthevaluationof36xp/eunchangedaswebelieve1)
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, therearchanalynchorisprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanalystcoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressedaccuratelyreflefectorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectsecurities orissuesueswas,is,orwillbe,directlydirected
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
♪ And bigmratings forgot: stockisnotratedbycm
Outperform mark-perform underperform
"and internationalglobalmarketslimited and internationalglobalglobalmarketslimited" ("cmbigm") iawhollyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed (awholly reported subsocialofchinamerchantsbank)
I don't know if I'm going to do it, but I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it.
Of, andreturnsfrom, anyinvestssareindarenotgueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultoftheirdependenceontheperformancyofundercoveringassets orothervariablemarketfactors. and bigmmmendhathativostsssouldinndentlyvaluateblinvestmentsandtrateratements, anddencururesinvestors to consultaprofessionalfinanciacultorinatories.
I'm sorry, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedby the cmbigm, solelyforthpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsofcirientscmbigmorits affiliate(s) thomitistbuted.thisportisnotototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanysecorityornyinterestensenciesorenterintoanytransactions.nether and bigmnonyofofsaffialates, shareholders, agents, directors, officesorsorremspromyyèsaliableforanyls
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
There's a lot of other things, but there's a lot of other things that we can do about it, and there's a lot of things that we can do about it.
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it with the company.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
i) above, and maynotberovidetootherpersonswithoutthepriorwrittenconsentof & Bigm.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'll be able to do it again.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Insingaporetoapersonwhoisnostanacrediteinvestor, expertinentoraninstitutionalinvestor, asdefininedinthesecuritiesandfuturesact (cap.289)of singpore, and bisgaceptslegalrespansiabilityforthecontentsovensootherporttosuchpersonsonsonlytotheextentrequiredbylaw.singaporeccipitssooultact &bisgat+65635054400formaticsattersaresingfrom, orincontractactionwithport.