Continue to benefit from the release of smart money demand, accelerating the expansion of overseas markets, purple-light shares (000938.sz) November 1, 2024
• Q3 performance growth robustly, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Q3 companies issued three quarterly reports in 2024, yielding $58.839 billion in the first three quarters of 2024, an increase of 6.56 per cent and 9.00 per cent over the previous three quarters of 2024. Xinhua’s subsidiary achieved a revenue of $40.266 billion, an increase of 7.18 per cent over the previous three quarters of Xinhua.
Domestic business revenues of $31,683 million and operator business revenues of $6,693 million. With the continuous development of aigc, it is expected that the demand for ai servers and high-speed switches will accelerate the release of the company ' s aict infrastructure and service operations, which will continue to benefit from the release of domestic intelligence needs.
In August, the company released a new model for cerebral cerebrovascular disease, a model for cerebral cerebral disease, a model for cerebral enterprises, and a continuous push for cerebral solutions in vertical industries such as downstream education, transportation, etc.
The National Center for Calculus has been scaled down, working together to build the Centre for Ideas, with sustained power in the political and business markets. Xinhua’s 30% shareholdings have been successfully cut, overseas markets have been fast-tracked, and its own brands have increased.
The company ' s acquisition of thirty percent of Xinhua ' s subsidiary shares was successfully completed in early September, with an 81 percent shareholding, further enhancing the company ' s profitability, creating synergies and consolidating market advantage. In the first three quarters of 2024, Xinhua and Xinhua achieved international business revenue of $1.89 billion, while company H3c earned operating income from its own overseas channels.
In the third quarter, the company completed the first cover report for Korea, Uzbekistan, and ict first company.
Four subsidiaries, Chile, Poland and others, have been registered, the number of overseas representation offices has increased to 19, and 45 overseas spare parts centres have been set up globally, covering 181 countries and regions, and we believe that as companies have further increased their ownership of the Xinhua stock, it is expected to accelerate their own branding and open up new growth space.