The rise in gold prices was driven by the high performance of gold poles — semi-annual evaluation in 2025: the company released its semi-annual report in 2025, and it achieved operating income of 56.766 billion in the first half of 2025.
102.98.0 per cent; net profit of 2.81 billion yuan from the realization of deductions and subsequent attributions to the shareholders of the parent company, driven by higher growth in gold prices: 24.71 tons in the first half of 2025 and $344.80/g in the same year for the sale of self-produced products, compared with the sale of self-produced goods throughout the year 2024
Cost increases of $51.89/g. However, the rise in gold prices has enabled the company to build a solid base for the development of its own-sourced prospecting and the acquisition of resources in the first half of 2025, and priority projects are well under way: during the reporting period, the company ' s Jock gold resource integration project and the New Town gold resource integration project were all planned in accordance with the construction schedule.
Of these, four of the five main control wells designed by the JOR gold resource integration project are well-developed, and work is proceeding in an orderly manner on the support loads, drainage and distribution, and transport alleys, to ensure that the construction is carried out. The four main wells under the new city gold resource integration project have been completed.
Construction of the underground drainage distribution system, the powder recovery system, and the simultaneous development of the backslide and main transport tunnels are under way. In addition, the company has continued to promote the production of the Katino Namutini gold mining project. The Namibia Osino project, which completed its acquisition in the course of the reporting period, has also been efficient in the construction of the plant.
In terms of resource exploration, the company has been deeply integrated into a new round of mining breakthroughs during the reporting period, and has continued to increase its geological survey efforts. In the first half of 2025, the company accumulated a total of 293,000 metres of prospecting work and 18.8 tons of additional gold metal for prospecting.
Outside, companies are constantly following up on high-quality resources around mines and important mining belts, both domestically and internationally, and are steadily pushing for higher prices for mergers and acquisitions of gold. Companies, as leading gold companies, will benefit directly from higher gold prices.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.