High gold prices drive performance growth, and multiple construction projects release capacity - Shandong Gold (600547.sh) incident evaluation report.
In the first half of 2025, the price of gold rose significantly, while the price of international spot gold rose by about 25.8 per cent compared to the previous year, and the contract for the domestic Shanghai gold exchange au (t+d) was closed.
Resource consolidation is synchronized with prospecting to secure the forward supply of resources, and priority work is progressing well. In the first half of 2025, the company invested $1.09 billion in cumulative completion and work volume of 37.48 million cubic metres to release for subsequent capacity.
Construction of the Sansan Island sub-well project up to 1900 metres high, updating of the country's deep well logs and parallel promotion of the approval of the 15,000-tonne/day expansion project construction project, 1, " Shandong gold (600547); same performance
As a result of this increase, several construction projects are expected to increase in the future.
2 Shandong Gold (600547): Performance is at the end of four well-drawn, with an orderly push for accelerator load, drainage and power distribution, transportation, a significant increase, mainly due to efficiency gains and gold prices
Construction works, such as a drop-and-drop alley, 2024-09-01. 4 major wells have been drilled to the bottom of the New City Gold Resources Consolidation Project.
Underground drainage distribution systems, construction of a powder recovery system and construction of windfall tunnels and major transportation alleys were synchronized, while offshore projects continued to promote the production of the Katino Namutini gold mining project
The Consortium tried to climb production and production capacity and the overall production situation was stable; the Namibian Osino project, which was acquired by Mountain International in 2024, was at the end of the resource base, where the company integrated the acquisition of additional deposits and resources for prospecting and increased resource reserves from its own sources.
For primary prospecting, the cumulative completion of prospecting work in the first half of the year amounted to 293,000 metres and the volume of new metal for prospecting amounted to 18.8 tons, which underpins long-term resource security, while at the same time steadily pushing into domestic and external mergers and acquisitions of high-quality resources and laying the resource base for long-term energy release.
The advantages of this scale have been reinforced by the continued stability of the “China’s 10 largest gold-producing mines,” such as the Jiaojia gold mine, and the Sansan Island gold mine. There is still room for upswing in gold prices, and many new and expanded projects are still under way in companies.
In the long run, this has led to an increase in the volume of home-grown minerals and to the maintenance of a “buy-in” investment rating. 1) The price of gold has fallen sharply; 2) The company’s value of own-owned gold has fallen; 3) The construction of new projects has not progressed as expected; 4) The safety and environmental impact on gold mining, etc.
Presentation by the Colored Group of the Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, with a six-year experience in new energy research.
I have not received any form of compensation either directly or indirectly due to, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.