Top gold-led company performance fully released $2.808 billion in net return profit for 25h1, q2 performance was impressive 2025h1, and the company achieved operating income of $5.676 billion, an increase of $10.992 billion.
In a single quarter, 2502 companies achieved revenues of 30.830 billion yuan, an increase of 14.97 per cent over the same period, a basic balance of production and sales, and a smooth release of 17.72 per cent of production, including 5.67 tons of gold from the company's overseas mines.
According to the data, the company Jiaojia gold mine, the Santao gold mine and the New City gold mine were selected for several years in a row: "The country's gold production in the 10 largest mines in the country" and "China's gold economy in the 10 goodies" in 2024.
The company’s dominance in the gold sector has continued to be consolidated, with a sales volume of 23.60 tons for 2025h1 and a roughly balanced volume of production, with an upturn in gold prices and a smooth release of the firm’s performance.
The Shandong Gold Group Limited incremental project continued, with Help achieving its forward production target of 2025h1 completing work of 37,480,000 cubic metres, and the incremental projects continued.
The sub-welling works at Santao Island reached a height of 1900 metres and updated the country ' s deep well record, while parallel promotion of the approval of the 15,000-tonne/day extension construction project, installation review, etc., was carried out with a view to securing the full construction conditions for the project as soon as possible.
The Jorjia gold resource integration project and the New Town gold resource integration project are progressing in an orderly manner according to the progress of construction. Of the five master-controlled rigs designed by the Jorji gold resource integration project, four have been successfully drilled to the end and are in the process of proceeding with a sequenced loading, drainage and distribution, and transport.
The construction of the new city gold-mining integration project, four major wells have been dug to the bottom, and the underground drainage distribution system, the powder-mining recovery system are being built, and the return to the windstone alleys are being promoted simultaneously.
The construction of major transportation tunnels, the continued promotion of the production system of the Katino Namutini gold mining project, the attempt to climb production and production capacity, and the overall production performance is steady and good.
The Namibian Osino project, which was acquired by Yamagi International in 2024, was launched efficiently, and the construction plan for the plant began fully in the fourth quarter of this year, with production expected to start in the first half of 2027. Gold prices fell over-expected, costs over-expected, and so forth.
▪ Profit forecasts and financial indicators, data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness. The findings of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.