The district area is characterized by an improvement in the margin between interest margins.
Stablely supported, scale-up is the core force, with net fee revenue increasing at 7.8% over the same period, upsliding for three consecutive quarters, and other non-interest-based income performances are bright. The profit rate splits, except for scale expansion and other non-interest-based income support, to provide for back-feeding of profits is significant. By the end of 2021, scale expansion was significant.
Services villages are revitalized and county operations are growing strongly. As of the end of 2021, the company ' s county loan balance was 6.2 \triangleright surplus
At the end of 2021, the net profit margin was equal to 21H1 ring, and the downward trend was halted.
A small upswing is the main reason for the marginal stability of the net interest margin, supported by strong credit lending in 2021 \triangleright, which continues to optimize the quality of assets from the beginning of the year to 13 bp.
Investment recommendations: Revitalization strategy for beneficiary villages, strong credit investment, robust performance growth, strong district operations, stable margins and significant improvements in asset quality. 22-0.5 times 22 years pb are projected, below the comparable corporate average and median, with first coverage, with a “recommended” rating.
In 2021, agricultural banks increased by 9.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, +0.2 pct on a seasonal basis; the net profit return (hereinafter referred to as “profits”) increased by 11.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the ring decreased by 1.2 pct on a smaller scale.
In 2021, net corporate interest increased by 6.0 per cent over the year, and the ring increased by 0.2 pct. The scale of the expansion was core kinetic energy, while the drag effect of narrow net interest differentials gradually diminished.
In the recovery, e-banking and agency operations are the main drivers, with the former benefiting from increased R & D and diffusion of digital products, resulting in increased e-commerce revenues, and the latter from the combined effects of fund-based marketing and financial operations. Other non-interest income increases by up to 60.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly in the form of higher returns on investments in derivative financial instruments.
Figure 4: Agricultural Bank ' s medium-term operating income structure (millions of yuan) Net profit growth rate splits, with the exception of scale expansion, which is strongly supported by other non-interest income, the provision for anti-breeding of profits is significant. By the end of 2021, scale expansion contributed 57.1% to net profit growth, and others
The anti-breeding role of the provision for profits has been reduced.2 District operations have grown strongly, with the aim of serving the Village Revitalization Leadership Bank, which has a mission and opens up considerable room for growth.
At the end of the year, the balance of the company's county loans was 6.2 trillion yuan, an increase of 17.2 per cent over the same year, the share of county loans in total loans was raised by 1.1 pct, and the share of county financial operations increased by 1.2 pct to 40.8 per cent.
Since the rise of Revitalization to the national strategy, the policy of financial support for rural revitalization has been upgraded and the level of services has been rising. In February 2022, the Central State Council of the Communist Party of China issued an opinion on the implementation of the priority work of 2022 for the overall promotion of rural revitalization, in which it proposed a further increase in the amount of money to be allocated to “enhanced financial services for rural revitalization”.
By the end of 2021, the company had been able to maintain a strong credit investment and improved asset structure to support a steady net-rate gap.
The small increase in interest-bearing asset yield ratios was seen as the main reason for the marginal stability of interest-bearing assets, underpinned by strong trust lending, which increased 13.7 per cent by the end of 2021, and Mr. interest-bearing assets, which increased by 4 pct, at a high level, leaving room for further counter-feeding profits.
The improvement in the quality of public loans is evident, and the quality of assets is expected to continue well. In 2021, companies did not have the core driving force for public loans, with improvements especially in manufacturing, leasing, and business services.
The positive asset trend is expected to continue.5 Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 5.1 Profit projection assumptions are separated from operations
Performance growth is robust, district operations are strong, net interest margins are stable, and asset quality has improved significantly. 22-fold of 22-year pb is projected to be below the comparable corporate average and median, covering for the first time and giving a “recommended” rating. 1) The macroeconomic rate of growth has declined: due to the external environment and domestic demand, the rate of economic growth is subject to some downward pressure.
Poor demand for credit from residents, businesses and a slowdown in the expansion of the sector. 2) The pace of the transition is not as fast as expected: due to changes in economic development, changing customer demand, etc., strategic transformation 3) capital replenishment is under pressure: the systemic classification of important banks imposes higher demands on capital adequacy, and the city is not in a position to do so.
Changes in the level of recognition of bank capital supplemental investment or increases the pressure on capital supplementation. A summary of corporate financial statement data projections. Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.