2-Sink Development (000895), company review report 24/04 2024 Continuous structural upgrade, q1 Mäori increase
The structure of meat products has been upgraded, the q1 Māori ratio is equal to the ratio +2.13 pct a share flow unit (million shares): 2) Māori rates and branch turnover rates have increased. 24q1, the company ' s Māori rate is 19.38%.
3) The decline in the net interest rate of the parent is mainly affected by the financial cost rate and the cost of income tax. 24q1, the net interest rate of the company of the parent is 8.91%, corresponding to -0.59pt, mainly due to the higher financial cost rate and the actual income tax rate The maturity of the term deposit results in a higher base and an increase in the size of the financing of 24q1; 24q1, earned by the company
The company continues to promote new products and fosters light chicken intestines and light energy.
New high Maori products such as sausages, which contribute to the increase in the tonnage of profit-based stone products - packaged meat products. Review: Upgrade meat products, develop new channels. 2024.03.272) Speed up the development of new channels and continue to promote the expansion of the network.
At the same time, companies have continued to push for the expansion of the web site, Research-Significant Development (000895.sz), which increased in 2023 and accelerated the development of new channels, with the prospect of a steady increase in the sale of meat products.
Three-quarterly reviews: steady growth in sales and structural upgrading; Food safety risks; risk of large fluctuations in pork prices; and policy adjustment risks.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.