2024 q1 rating: tons of meat, slaughter farming, 23 04, Rotten Shadows.
▪ Events: company reports issued in the first quarter of 2024: 2024q1 achieved a gross operating income of $14.31 billion, or -8.9 per cent; operating income of $14.47 billion, or -8.9 per cent; net profit from maternity of $1,272 million, resulting in a weak external environment with a high base, a decline in the sale of meat products and a historical high in tons of meat products.
The main reason for the decline in sales is: 1) for the first quarter of last year, after liberalization, the demand was good and the base was higher; 2) demand was relatively weak this year. Ton profits were historically high, and the same-year rises were driven by a continuous improvement in the structure of low-plus products this year. Looking forward to the year, companies will insist on "two-by-one" and push "nets."
The plan is to create a concrete channel and expand its development with electricity suppliers, members' discount shops, snack shops, etc. We expect a quarterly improvement in the sales of meat, a steady year-round profit in the ton of the slaughter business, and a drag in the profits of the frozen products. A 2024q1 harvest is achieved in the slaughter business.
The decline is mainly due to the higher base of reserve frozen meat in March last year; the sharp decline in operating profits is due to the drag of frozen meat, which has been restored to higher prices during the same period last year and is contributing to profits. This year's low prices for pigs have been thawed, loss of raw products has been held up and profits have been better. The company expects the prices of pigs to be higher this year.
The average annual price is stable, the slaughter rate is rising, and business profits are expected to remain stable overall.
The loss of $212 million is due mainly to the fall in the price of chickens for poultry farming operations. This year's springing of pigs is limited to 250,000. By upgrading the technology, farm costs have been scaled up to the top of the industry, and the indicators for the 2401 farming process have improved.
The same ratio +18.8 per cent, with process indicators significantly increasing, with the main losses falling significantly as a result of the price of the chicken.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: company meat promotion structure upgrades, slaughtering dragons secure, strong red will and high dividends. Maintenance of the forward profit forecast, company forecast for 2024-2026, splits the profit growth contribution of 1,204q1 two-sink development
Three major financial forecasting forms for the development of double-sinks. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.