The Ningbo Bank, which has been running off the ground, the pressure on capital has eased, the Ningpo Bank is deep in its native land, and the local private economic environment is the foundation for the Ningbo Bank's development.
The company’s profitability has remained excellent, its performance has increased and its roe level has been maintained at the highest level in the industry. Ningbo banking has sunk, retailing has grown earlier, and a good customer base has accumulated in the Ningbo region, which is generally at the forefront of the city’s comptoirs.
The local economic environment has improved, Ningpo Bank has led the way in a bad-generation trap, asset quality has been in the lead, stock growth has been excellent, and liquidity has become more attractive. Ningbo Bank growth has been in the forefront of listed banks, with net profits growing by 16.2% in the first three quarters of 17 years, after Guiyang and Nanjing, in the company.
Significant improvements in asset quality (only 0.4% per cent per annum in the last three quarters of 17 years) and the release of the provision will continue to make a positive contribution to the company’s performance. Ningpo Bank’s high value of debt transfer allocation is expected to be in the short term, taking into account the preferential distribution rights of former stockholders in the issuance of the swaps (by now).
The capital pressure will be eased after the transfer and the transfer price will be safe and marginal. Ningpo Bank has a core capital adequacy rate of 8.66% at the end of the third quarter of the year.
Debt swaps are issued on a scale of 10 billion and, when fully transferred, static estimates will raise core-level capital at 177 bp. Capital pressure will be significantly relaxed and growth space will increase further. Two years after the launch of Ningpo Bank’s release plan, the debt will be transferred according to the distribution plan.
The transfer price is expected to be close to the current price ($18.83) (the announcement of the collection statement is based on the current average value of the 20 trading daysa and the average price of the previous trading days), taking into account the more pressing capital replenishment needs of Bank Ningbo and the higher security margins of the transfer price.
Ningpo Development Investment Group Ltd.