The wind is in place, a robust growth bank, Martinine, to increase profit growth, the cost of indebtedness, or to drag off net profit spreads. High profit gains come from scale growth, investment.
The Ningpo Bank realized a net profit of $7.368 billion in the first three quarters, compared to the S060517040002 in the previous three quarters.
The growth in interest-bearing assets is structurally driven by an increase in net interest income; The increase in interest-bearing income is mainly attributable to investment returns, q3 of which was $1,117 million in the first quarter, or $452 million more than q2.
Since the tight regulation of inter-bank liabilities and certificates of association, overall bank deposits have become more competitive, and the cost of deposits has increased.
The total assets of Ningpo Bank at the end of September were 953.06 billion, an increase of 7.69 per cent compared to the end of the previous year and 1.55 per cent compared to the end of June. Structurally, the loan scheme has grown steadily; there has been a net and continuous decline in the size of the assets of the community; and there has been a steady increase in the size of the bond class in the investment assets.
Longer, structured investments are available for sale, held until maturity, and transactional financial assets are reduced in size; the size of non-target assets continues to decrease net for three consecutive quarters; and the asset allocation strategy is more robust. End of liability: asset quality is excellent and provision coverage has increased significantly by 31.5 bps.
At the end of September, the negative bank rate was 0.9%, a decrease of 0.01pc from the end of June, and three consecutive quarters, which are expected to lead to a sustained improvement in the quality of assets in the future. In the event of increased coverage, the level of the provision was not reduced; at the same time, q3 recovered 317 million in the first three quarters, or q3 in the first three quarters.
In mid-2017, Bank Ningbo reported a review of 53 per cent of the amount recovered, with greater recovery efforts.
Bank Ningbo: Profiting Lead, Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating: Ningpo Bank is robust, flexible, q3 single quarter net deposits are fully mobile -
The asset quality index continues to improve, the negative rate drops, the balance and share of interest-type loans have declined, and the quality of future assets is expected to continue to improve, creating scope for performance growth. Moving forward with fixed increases and debt-transferable issuances to supplement capital and increase future sizes
Figure 5: Bank loan structure of Ningpo Bank Figure 6: Bank deposit structure of Ningpo Bank Figure 8: Bank capital adequacy of Ningpo Bank
Figure 7: The asset quality of Ningpo Bank