The full-scale layout + the multiplicity of channels to create a leadership position, and make the strategy a new light for growth.
Europa (603833) performance evaluation of the financial statements for 2018, Cheng Zian Gang, 18.53% increase; mother ' s net profit, 1,572 million yuan, 20.90% increase compared to the previous year.
The company is the first business in the home industry to have a $10 billion operating income, and the share of business income in companies listed in the custom home industry has remained stable at around 33%, with net profits.
The company's goods are well organized, and the products are better integrated.
The closets optimized the sale of packages and promoted the sale of ancillary products, with annual sales increasing by 17.7% to 1.35 million units.
In the context of the downside of the industry channel and the \triangleright diversity of the flow entrance, companies actively explore the direction of the channel change.
In 2018, there were 521 new distributors, representing a net increase of 800 stores.
The full-blown matrix and strong branding provide the basis for a strategy to keep everyone together, which is expected to be a driving force for sustained performance growth. The company began to explore the idea of putting everyone together in early 18th year, mainly by working directly with larger, better-known home-dressing companies.
Models, with products, brands, and services. In the first half of the year, the first one was installed in a pilot city, with 602 households in May-July; by the end of the year, the strategy had been extended to 22 cities across the country, with successful models (the Ying Bin model, the Changsha model).
In addition to the company's promotion of cleaning channels in the distributors, the company will be actively engaged in the development and renovation of the best financial and intellectual sources in the East, the Europa residence (603833): full-scale layout + multi-channel currents to create a leader position, and the strategy of decorating everyone as a new light for growth.
The company is the first enterprise in the household industry to have a $10 billion operating income, and the share of business income in the firms listed in the custom-based industry has stabilized at about 33%, with net profits at about 39%. Second, the whole product class is well-developed, and the new product is growing at a high rate.
The company has a well-structured and well-developed new product under the ability to channel and realize diversity. With the impact of the 1801 price increases and the effect of scale, the kitchen cabinets: to promote marketing through the whole channel with the “Broom+” strategy, and to achieve a more diversified start-up. The kitchen business generated operating income of $5,765 million (7.67% yoy) and sales volume of 630,000 units (6.69% yoy).
To 39.81%. In a situation of overall industry pressure, the kitchen line has developed a wide range of potentials under a strategy of horizontal single-value, vertical billing + and full-source marketing: traditional distribution channels have actively promoted the layout, with 1,618 (62 net) dealers and 2276 (126 net) dealers as of the reporting period; new and emerging channels have multiple channels, hair-loading and power-marketing + community-building, with a total of 350 million complete bill performances, 490 joint electric-traders and electric-business attractions throughout the year.
A 20 per cent performance sales ratio: closets: special-priced packages to increase the value of large spaces. Activity packages, creative marketing campaigns such as “bail mats” and “save safes” , coupled products developed robustly with an increase of 17.7 per cent to 135.88 per cent in the same volume of sales.
During the reporting period, the company had 973 dealers (a net increase of 130) and 2113 shops (a net increase of 271).
By the end of the reporting period, the company had 808 wood distributors and 825 shops (a net increase of 191); the electricity vendor channels were well expanded, with the wood merchants performing 113 million currents, an increase of 159 per cent. The bulk of the business accounted for an increase in a certain amount of Maori space, with a decline of between 2.29 pt and 14 per cent.
(c) The company has increased research and development inputs, showers, smart toilets, etc. (a net increase of 116). The increase in size and effective cost control has resulted in a significant increase of 7.21 to 26 per cent in the rate of Maori.
Operry: The dress branding model is becoming more mature. Operri’s home is custom-made for the Eurogroup’s light fashion brand, targeting the market.
Table 2: Māori ratio by category of goods Table 3: Number of Distributors by Class
Third, the multiplicity of channels is well-structured, and the strategy of integrating everyone into one’s home has led to changes in the channel. In the context of the country’s fragmented passenger flow, such as domestic shopping malls, home shopping malls, companies have actively promoted the full distribution of channels, traditional distribution channels have continued to expand, and new and emerging channels have been set up, previously competing for passenger flows and seizing traffic entry points.
There are 315, with a net increase of 800, with a total of 6708. In the face of business problems, such as a decline in the performance of traditional shops, companies provide training to traditional distributors in strengthening their operations, optimizing their marketing management models and actively expanding the profitability of their distribution models.
Multi-grade integration provides the basis for a strategy of home-to-house integration, which is expected to be a driving force for sustained performance growth. The \triangleright company, which began to explore house-to-house in early 18, is now working in a model of direct collaboration with larger, better-profile home-to-house companies everywhere, in terms of products, brands, and brands.
In the future, in addition to promoting up-scaling channels in distributors, companies will also be active in building up and adapting to the state of the art and the volume of the business. In the case of fittings, companies will respond to the trend of fine-up and work with land producers, and the bulk of the business will generate 1,418 million yuan (47.04% yoy).
Companies have a stronger bargaining power than the same industry, with the Māori ratio of large businesses rising by 1.52 pct to 49.48 per cent.
Europole residence (603833): Full setup + multi-channel current to create a leadership position, the strategy of integration into growth has become a new light, and, fourthly, a small increase in cost during the upswing expansion period and a continuation of the trend of compressed profit space for flow. Management cost increases ranged from 3.02 pct to 12.2%, mainly due to a competition for market share, a strong market expansion by companies and a concession to promote sales, and sales costs projected during the upswing period.
The upward trend will continue, putting some pressure on the profit end; (2) the firm will vigorously develop an information system to boost R & D costs, and the construction of an information system will significantly increase the efficiency of the production and management chain and improve the efficiency of the company's operations.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the stock exchange.
Europa Homes (603833): Full class layout + multi-channel currents to create a leadership position, and the strategy of decorating everyone as a new point of growth
"Seller Institution's Profit Forecasts are Accurate 3rd in the Real Estate Industry" in 2014-000.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.