Europa Homes 603833 light-manufacturing performance with excellent performance and strong leadership position, South-West Securities Research and Development Center
Events: The company issued a quarterly report in 2019, which generated business income of $2.2 billion during the reporting period, an increase of 15.6 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $90 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 25.1 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of $80 million for mothers after deduction, an increase of 21 per cent over the same period. Non-recurrent gains and losses are mainly government subsidies and financial management gains.
Multi-channel co-development and strong income growth. The company maintained a faster growth rate of 15.6% in 19q1, exceeding the industry average, which we believe is largely due to the clear results of) 315 sales promotions, the company ' s efforts to attract consumers and boost growth through various marketing packages; and 2) the company ' s adaptation to fit-in housing.
The penetration rate has increased, the engineering operations have expanded rapidly, and the cabinets, among other things. By category, cabinets have generated revenues of about $1 billion, an increase of 3 per cent, closets of about $800 million, an increase of nearly 30 per cent, and the ring has improved in the context of an increased competitive environment. q1 year-end pre-receipt amounted to $1.09 billion, an increase of the same amount.
Long 5.9 per cent; operating cash flows of $144 million, an increase of 61.5 per cent in the same year and an improvement in the quality of business performance. Profitability continues to rise. 19q1 achieved a Māori rate of 34.2 per cent, an increase of 0.3 pp in the same year, which largely benefited from the increased scale of production and the emergence of economies in the procurement and manufacture of raw materials, particularly in the case of corporate information systems.
The efficiency of production continued to improve after the upgrades. The cost rose slightly between 0.1 pp and 29.1% during the period, with salesmen, including 2,276 Europa cabinets, 21,13 closets, 825 wooden doors, 559 baths, 935 Europolises. The company seized the opportunity to expand the market for ready-to-use housing and strengthened its real estate.
At the same time, the company has achieved a number of strategic deployments, with many pilot projects in many cities and cities. The result is now in 22 cities, and there are successful examples of all.
The introduction of the Ying Bin model and the Changsha model, which have made a significant contribution to local performance, has achieved a model effect of 1. Euro-based residence (603833): a response to a reversal of currents and an initial demonstration of the optimal use of client resources, the preponderance of channels to protect the city's rivers, and the consolidation of the vanguard.
2. European households (603833): Income increases are 26 times higher, 21 times higher and 17 times higher.
It is evident that the concentration uplifting logic continues, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. 3. Europole residence (603833): synergistic development of various product groups, accelerated informatization layout (2018-08-23).
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.