The strategy is moving forward and performance growth is higher than expected 30/04    19
15.57 per cent; net return of 92 million yuan, an increase of 25.14 per cent over the same period; after deducting non-recurring gains and losses, the full scale of the strategy, the bulk and the volume of the overall contribution: the long logic of the company ' s multi-goods, multi-channel composition is proven and the market share is rising.
In the interior cabinets, closets, baths, wooden gates, the rate of income growth was 3 per cent, 26 per cent, 54 per cent and 24 per cent, respectively, with closets growing at a slightly higher rate than expected, and the rapid growth of sanitary baths and wooden gates indicating that people are living in a strategic environment: channel splitting shows that companies maintain robust growth in retail outlets through active marketing strategies.
It is expected that corporate revenue will grow faster during the period, mainly as a result of the dynamism of the bulk business, which is expected to grow gradually. An increase of 0.31 pct, with a higher share of the bulk business while maintaining a upward trend in profit levels, is evident.
The company has an advantage in size and a stronger brand power. The total of the three rates for the company ' s period is 29.05%, an increase of 0.05 pct over the same period. The sales rate is equal to a decrease of 0.25 pct to 13.80%; the management + R & D interest income decreases, interest payments, fees, etc.
Net homecoming interest rate of 4.18 per cent, an increase of 0.32 pct over the same year, performed well.  pre-receipts increased on a year-on-year basis, and cash flows performed better: net operating cash flow of companies -145 million during the reporting period, a significant increase from the corresponding period last year - 376 million - sales of goods by companies and the provision of labour revenue
Cash as a result of the increase over the same period in the previous year was better performing. Qualitatively, the company was expected to collect $420 million over the period, up from $142 million during the same period last year, and the corresponding increase in the number of working days in accounts receivable was 7.4 to 14.25 days, which was the result of a larger increase in engineering operations compared to the same period; the advance payment was received.
▪ The long-term increase in the share of channel change escorts and the consolidation of their leadership: the company ' s product, the matrix of goods, the continued strategic presence of all; the promotion of the sinking of multi-product retail outlets and the active exploration of bulk, electricity 1, " Europa Homes " (603833): multiple goods
We believe that the company's products and channels have been well developed, and that it continues to take advantage of the pattern of integration of traffic entrances, high-quality resources, and the consolidation of the advantages of the absolute leader.
The rate of increase has slowed and the closet has continued to grow.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board