On April 29, the company published a report for the first quarter of 2019. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of 2.203 billion yuan.
Increases of 15.57 per cent over the same period; net returns of $92.05 million, or 25.14 per cent over the same period; net gains of $75.67 million, or 20.96 per cent over the same period; excellent performance in the first quarter
A quarter of corporate net profits and returns grew by 16% and 25%, respectively, and performance was excellent; the rate of deductions by 21% was slightly slower than the rate of net returns, mainly because government subsidies received in the current period were $5.38 million more than in the same period last year. The company’s traditional distribution channels were more competitive, but also diversified in terms of active layout, bulk, etc.
This year's performance is expected to be more certain against the backdrop of first- or second-line real estate sales and warming from the beginning of the year to the present.
Corporate sales and R & D costs fell by 0.25 pct, 0.15 pct to 13.80 per cent, \triangleright net operating cash flows of 145 million yuan during the reporting period respectively, a marked improvement over the corresponding period last year of 376 million yuan.
In terms of operating capacity, accounts receivable and notes receivable amounted to $510 million, an increase of 127 per cent.
In addition, the company’s “recommended” rating will be maintained. Prices of raw materials have increased, real-estate sales have gone down, and dressing operations have not advanced as expected.
18 years of steady growth and a marked increase in profitability.
A summary of company financial statement data projections is provided by Chen Baidu, Master of Technology Economics, Beijing University of Transport, 2012 Convergence Minsen Securities Institute, in light industry and listed companies, Chen Chul, Master of Engineering, Zhejiang University, 2017, in private industry and listed companies.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.