Performance is higher than expected, with the active deployment of logistics property and long-rented apartments, with an assessment of 10,000 colones (00002) 2017, with no reduction in revenue and higher than expected performance.
The company released its semi-annual report for 2017, and in the first half of the year, it achieved an operating income of $69.81 billion, a decline in the same year, an increase of 37.5 per cent. The main reason for the decline in the company’s operating income was a slower settlement because of fewer completed areas, but the increase in the Maori rate as a result of the sharp decline in the company’s operating costs in the first half of the year caused the company to lose revenue.
Cheap; corporate sales revenue of $27.718 billion in the first half of the year increased by 45.8% over the same period, with further innovation. The company’s performance is expected to continue at a higher rate throughout the year as the project enters a concentrated completion period in the second half of the year.
The company’s Māori sales rate for the first half of the year was 32.7 per cent, an increase of 3.3 percentage points from the end of 2016, and a high-profit area such as the net interest rate on sales. The combined cost of sales and management costs for the current period, based on contract sales, was only 1.7 per cent, a significant decrease from the previous period, reflecting an increase in the company’s cost management capacity.
The significant increase in cash/business income received for goods and services was also due mainly to the slow pace of settlement, but it also showed good corporate repayment capacity and continued improvement in cash flows. Debt ratios remained stable and financing costs remained low.
In this year’s environment, where overall financing channels are tightened, the company’s wealth of cash in hand provides a solid foundation for its future sound development. The pace of land acquisition remains constant, with the active deployment of logistics property and long-term rental apartments.
During the first half of the year, the company acquired 79 new projects, with a total planned construction area of 15,598,000 square metres and an equity planning area of 9,838,000 square metres. 77.5 per cent of the additional projects were located in the second-line cities; 91.9 per cent of the construction was approximately 1.08 million square metres in terms of investment. As of the end of the reporting period, the company ' s parking operations covered 21 lines 1 and 2.
In cable cities, over 70,000 rooms have been acquired, more than 20,000 have been opened and more than six months have been opened. Real estate regulation policies are over-expected and companies are not selling as expected.
The Kyoto policy supports the rental market, 2. Industry research - industry dynamics - sales investment double down, high temperature weather plus three or four linebacks.
Industry Research _ Industry Dynamics _ High-temperature, low-season, high-yielding, high-performance performance The main reason for the decline in corporate operating income is the slower pace of settlements due to the lower number of completed areas (millions of plots completed in the first half of the year)
6.37 million square metres, a 9.4 per cent decline in the same year, and a 5.84 million square metres decline in the same year, a 10.8 per cent decrease in the same year, but the increase in the Māori rate as a result of the significant decline in the business costs of the Division in the first half of the year made the company less profitable: in the first half of the year, the company achieved 2771.8 billion yuan in sales revenue, an increase of 45.8 per cent, a further increase in innovation. With the completion of the project in the second half of the year, it is expected that the company will perform well throughout the year.
Figure 1: Net profit increase by parent Figure 2: Growth of operating income Figure 3: Growth of sales income
(b) The company ' s Māori sales rate for the first half of the year was 32.7 per cent, an increase of 3.3 percentage points from the end of 2016 and a net interest rate of 14.4 per cent.
Unexpected results in unrecognizable operating income; combined sales and management costs for the current period are only 1.7 per cent when measured by contract sales, reflecting a significant decrease from the previous period, reflecting an increase in the company’s cost management capacity. Cash/business income received by the company’s vendors for services rendered in the first half of the year also increased significantly, mainly as a result of the slower pace of settlement, but also as a result of public figures.
Third, the debt ratio has remained stable, the cost of financing has remained low, and the interest rate on debt has been low over the same period, further reflecting the advantages of companies as industry leaders.
In a tight environment, the company’s wealth of cash in hand provides a solid foundation for its future sound development. Fourthly, the pace of land acquisition remains constant, and the company’s presence in the cities of Harbin, Shijia, Lanzhou and other cities in the first half of the year is based on the dynamic deployment of logistical property and long-rented apartments.
In the first half of the year, there were 9 new acquisition projects for company logistics property operations; by the end of the reporting period and the date of disclosure of the present report, there were five additional projects for real estate. The 14 projects in question had a combined planned construction area of approximately 1.08 million square metres. As at the date of the Central Report, the company ' s logistics property operations had accumulated 32 projects, with a total construction area of 2.56 million square metres (i.e., the building area of the leased property).
A total of 35 additional lock-in projects have been contracted, with a total of 2.5 million square metres of building space. Eleven operational projects have been completed in the acquisition project, with a total of 9 stabilization operations and an average rental rate of 98 per cent for stabilization operations.
At the end of the reporting period, the parking operation covered 21 first-line and second-line cities, with a cumulative total of more than 70,000 rooms, with an average rental rate of about 87 per cent for projects of more than six months.
Xu Wai, Research Assistant for the Real Estate Team, Master of Economics, Chinese Economic Research Centre (ccer), Beijing University, joined in July 2016 as a member of the civil securities industry. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding.