On the afternoon of 30 June, Vanko held a general meeting of shareholders in 2016, at which a proposal for a new session of the board and supervisory board was adopted by a live vote.
The Shareholders ' Assembly elected, by means of a cumulative vote, glimmers, Limmood, Shaw Min, Chen Xianjun, Sun Sheng Sheng Sheng, Wang Wenjin and Zhang Xu as non-independent members of the Board of Directors for the eighteenth session of the Board of Directors; Xiang Xian, Liu Xiaowei, Ng Jia Ning and Li Qiang as independent members of the Board of Directors for the eighteenth session of the Board of Directors; and quenched, Jung Ying as non-staff representatives for the ninth session of the Board of Supervisors.
Of these, Linmood is currently Chairman of the Shenzhen subway group, Shaw Min is currently Director of the Shenzhen city subway, Director General of the Chen Xianjun city subway, Director of Finance, and Sun Shenzhen is currently Chairman of the Shenzhen city seg group. Wang Wenjin is currently Executive Director, Executive Vice-President, and Zhang Xu is Executive Vice-President, CEO of the company. That is, four of the non-independent directors are from the background of the National Council, while the company management holds three seats.
We believe that since 15 years, there has been a continuing race for ownership over Vanko between the National Council of Finance and the Boeing System. The current board of directors has been completed in a symmetrical manner, and with management occupying four seats in the board of directors and management holding three seats, the Boeing House has not raised any objections.
On the other hand, the Shenzhen subway, as the company’s first shareholder, and a former Chinese-owned business, will develop in the future in Vanko.
In the current context of intense competition for land resources (one or two hotspots of land) and a high premium for land auctions, Vanko would be able to draw on a path of co-development with the subways.
Line property will open up another room for corporate development. Overall, we believe that the company’s current board of directors has been successfully replaced, highlighting the end of the pre-company equity contest, that the management level will be back on track to run the development company; and that the subway group will be the first shareholder, and that the future subway group and the company will have a mutual advantage.
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to 300 indexes. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to specific varieties of recommendation and rating are rated as base risk according to the market studied by the product.
A study with a general risk rating; a study on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, with a low risk rating.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.