The issue of equity was resolved successfully, and the Orbital + Property began a new era.
\diamond shares, deep-iron shares 29.38%, as the first-largest shareholder. The rest of the shareholders, management of Huanko, 1.21% and 0.61%, after \h shares, certificates, remittances, have been removed, the remaining shares of Vankoa are only in total equity.
12.04%. The new board of directors completes its term of office, glimmers it to be the chairman and president, and the management moves smoothly into an era of “brownness.” Deep iron fully supports the Vanko model of development, including support for the Banco mixed ownership structure, the Vanko City Companion
\diamond Servicemaker Strategy and Enterprise Partnership Facility, Vanko Management Team to implement operations and management in line with established strategic objectives, support the deepening of the Orbital Plus Property Development Model, etc.
During the golden period of \diamond, the company has interacted with and taken advantage of deep iron, which operates 285 km of 11 lines and still operates.
1142 km, 42 lines need to be developed, with multiple hubs, to make a significant contribution to the development of the Orbital Plus Property. Many large, two- or three-line cities currently lack the financial and human resources to carry out large-scale orthopaedic operations, and companies are welcome to assist in the full roll-out of the Orbital Plus Property model, which will accelerate corporate reserves and development in the post-real estate era.
The development of the developers’ development space towards urban clusters brings about a real estate demand dividend in terms of human flows, logistics, capital flows, and industrial flows. In the industrial sector, there is a significant increase in concentration, with the industry entering the era of resource dominance, winner-taker-take-all, company-connected steel, and access to sound land resources at deep-iron development sites and along railways (fore projecting the core hub zone).
Four hundred and seventy-seven thousand and five hundred and fifty-five thousand along the line, natural synergy with corporate development and further release with deep iron outs. Strong leaders are always strong and sales are higher than expected. 17 years, January-June, sales grew by more than 50% in 16 years \diamond
The debate is over, the new orbital plus property model opens up the space for valuation. Hulk Deep Iron is strong and strong, the advantage \diamond complementarities, the new orbital lines expand the opportunities for development, and the company is expected to become a national orbital traffic ppp model.
Jack, give priority to taking over the new round of city-to-city booms. City-to-city rises, industry winners win-to-wins, top-notch foods (recently, 55.1 billion take off Guangzhou Bay, and over 2.21 million land-to-land development in the Viet Soo district) and are fully covered by Vankoa - Accelerating booster sales.
" Vankoa - significant growth in sales, but reduced performance of the Ensemble Party, etc.; release of stockholdings on 15 July from sale-for-sale fluctuations.