In the first half of the year, Kang Eining's net profit grew by more than 30 per cent, in line with expectations, maintaining a “holding” rating of the company's performance: company 201.7h1 achieved operating income of 69.8 billion yuan, yoy - 6.7 per cent, recording net profits
For $7.3 billion, yoy+36.5 per cent, eps 0.66 per cent, company performance in line with market expectations, quarterly h1 performance analysis: net profit growth due mainly to a decline in the size of the carry-over during the reporting period, but an increase in the share of high-māori projects carried over.
Real estate project carry-over Māori increased by 24.8 per cent from the same year to the same year, combined Māori increased by $180 million from the same year, (3) changes in tax rate calculation for camp change,1 lower turnover tax,1 higher growth in sales maintained and sufficient resources were available: companies achieved sales space in the first half of 2017
18,684,000 square metres with sales of $27,780 million, yoy + 33 per cent and +46 per cent, respectively, at a significantly higher rate than the industry average (the area sold in the first half of the country's real estate and the amount of yoy + 16 per cent, respectively)
Real estate development and operations Real estate management and other points.
Resources provide a favourable guarantee for steady growth in performance during the year. One property development project (9 of which are logistics property projects), with a total building area of 15.6 million square metres, RM/square metres, remains concentrated in the project area mainly in the two-line core cities, looking at the company as a whole during the first half of the year.
In July, the company successfully completed a large-scale acquisition to acquire 16 high-quality land resources in the Guangzhou core area (98% of which are located in the Bay and Yao Su districts) to develop 2.11 million squares of volume, with the company expected to acquire land in the second half of the year.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Under the influence of a strong property regulation policy and a growing credit policy, which were concentrated in March-May in various cities, the growth rate in the real estate sector will be set back in the second half of the year, and will be sustained at a low rate throughout the year, with a subsequent decline in corporate sales, but will remain as expected throughout the year.
In the context of this steady growth, we maintain the original profit forecast for the company, and we expect the company to maintain its investment proposal for “possession” of the shares.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.