In the first half of the year, the company achieved an operating income of 69.8 billion yuan, a decrease of 6.7 per cent over the same period.73 The net return was mainly due to the fall in the company's first half of the year, but the level of Māori rose significantly by 7.2 percentage points.
They believe that the year’s upward trend in settlement profits is expected to continue; corporate investment in the first half of the year remained cautious, focusing on the second line, while the very low level of corporate indebtedness offered the potential for subsequent expansion. Real estate sales increased by 46%, and market shares continued to rise.
Annually, 82% of companies sold their property, with 94% of small and medium-sized household products. The company’s market share rose to 4.7%, further consolidating the industry’s leading position.
By June, the company’s unsold resources had increased to $383.8 billion. We believe that the upward trend in the year’s settlement rate is expected to continue, and that sufficient pre-sale resources support the company’s subsequent performance release.
Vankoa: The king of the troubled years is still strong, holding hands deep and strong, with 51.7 million square metres of planned construction, with 66% and 67% of equity, respectively. We agree with the company’s prudent land acquisition strategy, which helps to maintain long-term rates of return, compared to 19.6%.
The net debt ratio also offers the potential for subsequent expansion. Qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy; Long-term rental apartments for policy advantage; and participation in the privatization of Pros.
The rental apartment brand “Pocket” has covered 21 first- or second-line cities, with a cumulative acquisition of more than 70,000 rooms, opening more than 20,000 and opening an average rental rate of 87% for projects of more than six months.
In the case of logistics property (86221) 20328284, the company’s logistics property operations accumulated 32 projects with a rentable area of 2.56 million square metres.
Eleven operational projects have been completed, stabilizing the average rental rate of 98 per cent. At the same time, the company announced in July that it would be involved in the privatization of Pros, a leading domestic logistics property, with the prospect of rapid expansion of operations.