Tungwee shares (600438) Low-cost photovoltage heads have the advantage of growing into a multi-crystal silicon cost ahead of the entire industry, and import substitution trends have emerged
With advanced production capacity and excellent technical and managerial capabilities, the company’s current production costs for polycrystal silicon have fallen below $55/kg, and have continued to decrease. Far below the costs of domestic and foreign counterparts of 60 and 70 yuan/kg. The import of polycrystal silicon is about 40%, and there is much room for low-cost and import substitution.
The company ' s multi-crystal silicon operations will contribute to the company ' s rapid growth. ● Battery production costs are low, actively expanding or becoming a global battery tap 12 months of the highest/minimum dollar.
The current non-silicon cost of the company ' s battery is 2-3 gross/watts, well below the industry average of 4-5 gross/watts. In the case of industry as a whole, there is little room for future decline in battery profit levels.
According to company plans, 17 and 18 years of battery film production/production will reach 5.4 gw/4gw, respectively, and the Tungwee Shares - 6000438 - semi-annual evaluation: Forage, bottom-up industry, food optimization will be a catalyst for the future.
• Integration of existing resources into the original “Fisheries One” Quarterly Review 600438-2012: Old Man
As the world's largest aquatic feed producer. The company consolidated its resources, combined with the “two-pillar” operation, the Tungwee Stock Exchange Report 09: Losing the pawns, and the original “fishing” business. As power plant operations and aquaculture deepened, the “fishing” would be lost.
New Energy Hope in Far Away, in '09, looking at the traditional wings -- to the company’s main core profit point.
The turnover of corporate accounts receivable is only 10 days, while it is the lowest in the photovoltaic and feed industries, showing strong bargaining power; the asset-debt ratios are only 47.40 per cent, leaving much room for debt; domestic photovoltaic policies are smooth; “anti-dumping” results are flat against Korea; “double-reverse” overseas; and demand for feed is falling.
• Give a “buy-in” rating