On the night of April 26, 2024, Weir shares published the annual 2023 report and the one-quarter 2024 report.
\triangleright inventory is deconstructed, product structure is continuously optimized and profitability is steadily improving. \triangleright, company owner, 2023
The share of income from image sensor solutions/touching and displaying solutions/simulation solutions/semiconductor distribution industries in operations is 74 per cent/6 per cent.6 per cent.14 per cent.
Lei Xiaoqing 44% and 25% increased significantly, and smartphone sciss income rose from 39% in 22 years to $6,035 billion, and was deactivated quarterly for four consecutive quarters of 23 years, with water levels in stock maintained.
At the same time, benefiting from downstream stock degeneration and restructuring of corporate products, the company rate: 3q23 is over-expected, the growth of the company has moved into a new phase four consecutive quarters, and net interest rates have improved simultaneously.
Smartphone sales are strong, car electronics are high. Corporate cell phone cis has reached the point where stock is now waiting for industry to warm up to 2023/04/11, and corporate smart phone cis has made a breakthrough of 50 million pixels and above in 2023.
In 2023, the company introduced 50h, 50e, 50k40 products in combination with the company’s purecel plus-s chip stacking technology, dcg technology, lofic, etc.
Two-year quarterly reviews: product structure continues to be optimized, platform-type annual car cis revenue has also increased considerably, with car cis revenue of $4,547 million in 23 years, a 25.15 per cent increase, mainly due to the excellent performance of company cis products and a rapid increase in market share.
The company continues to push car simulation chip layouts and multiple product certifications such as can/lin, serdes, pmic, sbc, etc., with 23 years of car simulations accounting for 13 per cent of analogue solution revenue. \triangleright
At 46/30/20 times the current price, we continue to follow the path of the development of the corporate platform semiconductor and the continuous breakthroughs in high-end products, maintaining the “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.