Weir shares (603501.sh) ii 24q1 ii higher profit and ring ratio for electronic integrated circuits and rising share of high end ciss
Since the second half of 2023, the consumer market has begun to warm up, with rising demand from downstream customers, accompanied by continued penetration of high-end smartphone market products and auto market autopilot applications.
Promotion of product structural optimization and cost control, company recovery in 2023, with 24q1 profit and ring ratio of about 357.20 per cent; net profit from non-repatriation of 566 million yuan, with a significant increase in ring ratio; Māori cis: full product coverage at the middle and high end, core technology is super-highly shaped.
There has been a significant increase in smartphones and car market receipts. Smart phones: corporate cis business grew by 44.13 per cent in 2023.
777.9 billion yuan, of which 50 mp or more contributed more than 60%. In the 50 mp phone cis domain, the company has ov50a/d/e/h/k40 of five products. ov50h/k40 is the flagship camera owner, Wang Haivi.
ov50h has been used for broadbanding and ultra-broadbanding of high-end flagship smartphones in several headphone brands in the country. ov50k40 is the world's first smartphone scis with theiacelTM technology.
Function, single exposures achieve a range close to the human eye level. ov50a/e-clicks the middle-end mainframe market. Pixel size of 0.61 μm ov50d meets applications such as long focus. We believe that companies have a full range of medium- and high-end product coverage in the cellular cis domain, and that multiple core technologies are super-high-quality images, market share.
Weir shares: Lofic casts super-high-quality imaging, all-round round-up of high-end markets - Joaquin securities-electronic-well shares - cars: 25.15 per cent of corporate cis business revenue from the automobile market in 2023 increased to 4,547 million on a year-on-year basis.
In 2023, according to the Tide Think Tank, the company’s car ciss volume reached 103 million, ranking first in the world. Well: Repurchases show confidence, high-end cis support for high-end applications such as adas, the company introduced a first cis product using 2.1 μmtheiacelTM technology.
X08d1o has the industry’s leading low light performance and low power consumption, which is 50% smaller in size than other vehicles of the same kind, and is expected to produce 24h2. With car connections, smart cars, autopilots, etc.
The number of bicycle cameras is increasing rapidly. We believe that the company car cis covers a wide range of applications, and that the inventory has been deconstructed well, that the ring has improved significantly -- and that the back-to-back master camera has gained more access to new design options with merit, and that the car cis will continue to grow at a very high rate.
More than that, the q3 stock of the chis is being deconstructed, ring-to-light, tactile and display chips are growing by more than 60 per cent, and car-level simulations are continuously enriched.
Touch and show: in 2023, the company reached 1.250 billion yuan in contact and display of solutions, with a corresponding reduction in growth in accounting - the value of the stock of Joaquin + Electronic + Weller increased. The company achieved full product coverage in the tddi area, while new vehicles were loaded to show the driver.
Weir shares: inventory de-digging was effective, 23h2 new items were developed, and it is expected to roll out the first 24h2 car-borne tddi product that meets the market ' s mainstream demand specifications. The company succeeded in pushing the drive chip on smartphones like od6630 and od6631.
The Department will continue to push forward the product layout of the car simulation chip, and move forward with the can/lin, serdes, pmic, sbc.
The investment proposal is that, in view of the smooth release of corporate cis products and the pressure on the price of contact and displaying chips, we are 35.5/26.0/20.1. The corporate cis product matrix has a full range of medium- and high-end coverage, with multiple core technologies continuing.
It provides ultra-high-quality imagery and high core competitiveness of products. It is continuously recommended that the “buy-in-a” rating be maintained.