24q1 performance repair and high-end mobile phone cis income as a percentage of the increase Investment rating: increase (maintenance) 4.97 per cent; achievement of single-quarter net profit return of $558 million, 180.50 per cent increase, ring ratio
198.40 per cent increase: net single-quarter non-mortality profit of $566 million, re-heated demand from the same period, product structure optimized, corporate performance gradually recovered as consumer markets warmed further, demand from downstream customers increased and companies were at the higher end of the spectrum.
The continued penetration of smartphone market products and auto-drive applications has led to a significant increase in corporate business income of 24q1. At the same time, it has been affected by factors such as product structural optimization and cost control, a gradual recovery in the Māori rate of corporate products, and a growth in corporate profits.
• Consumer end: smartphone market sales are strong, boosted market share is strong, benefits from the smooth process of downstream stock decolonization and proactive restructuring of the company's product structure, companies come to the market, and there is a marked improvement in the income from products originating in the mobile phone market, with 50 million pixels and more
The above new image sensor product was successfully delivered in the third quarter of 2023, steadily increasing the value and profitability of corporate products. In smartphone applications, the company contributes 50 million pixels and above (64 million pixels, 100 million pixels, etc.)
• Automobile end: the demand for automobile electronics is growing. The scale of the shipment continues to rise.
In the second half of the year, the share of the support was increased, including 2023-08-16 adas, internal control of the cab, electronic rear-view mirrors, dashboard cameras, rear-views, and panorama images. In recent years, the company has also been able to obtain excellent performances from car cis products.
In the same period, there was a larger growth and a rapid increase in the market share, with funding management, the Ministry of Investment of the Bolt Foundation, etc., with eight years of buyer experience using legitimate compliance information, and the independent and objective production of the present report, which uses data and information from open market information, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.