Welle shares (603501.sh) High-end smartphones and auto electronic applications, leading to improved performance 1024 performances were significantly recovered. Collections were achieved in 1024
In the context of the further warming of the market and the rising demand of downstream customers, the company ' s continued penetration of the product imports of the high-end smartphone market huhui2@guosen.com.cn and auto-drive applications in the car market; net return profit of $558 million (Yoy)
s09805210080001,357.2%, product structure optimization and effective cost control contributed to a return to Māori rate of 27.89% (youy performance owners are still obsessed with low overall downstream demand in the first half of the year, due to high stock levels at the end of the industrial supply chain)
936.31 million dollars is a mismatch between supply and demand, resulting in price pressure on some of the products in the process of destocking, and a greater impact on the level of Māori in some of the products. In the second half of the year, market demand began to recover gradually, and downstream customers needed it.
In the interest of growth, the company’s continued penetration of products from high-end smartphone markets and auto-drive applications has restored growth in its business income. Like Sensor Solutions, which generated a revenue of 1,536 million yuan (yoy+13.6%), of which it came from wisdom.
The market income for mobile phones is $7,779 million (yoy+44.1%), the downstream inventory is well de-drawn, and the company ' s 50mp and above high-end products optimized product structure is the main reason for the growth. The car market has generated $4,547 million (yoy+25.2%), and the company ' s sophisticated and compact car-cis solution covers adas,
Internal controls in the cab, electronic rearview mirrors, dashboard cameras, backviews and panoramic images, etc., have gained more new designs to import and market shares have increased rapidly. The security and notebooks market generated $2,371 million (youy Well shares (603501.sh) - a 38% increase in the three-quarter round-up, high endurance, and
In 2023, it expanded its car simulation chip business by showing a higher market share. In 2023, it became apparent that Wehr shares (603501.sh) – quarterly stocks fell by nearly $1.6 billion, and the Māori ratio showed that the solution would yield $1,250 million (Yoy-15.0 per cent), which was a volatile market supply and demand relationship, and sold.
The product lines include lcd-tddi, oleddriveric, Well stock (603501.sh) - 39% decline in profits in the previous three quarters, and inventory water.
Welle shares (603501.sh) - Performance is temporarily under pressure from weak demand, multiple layouts Simulation solution operations yielding $1,154 million (oy-8.6%) and elimination of revenue from product lines that were stripped off in 2022, resulting in an increase of 13.4% by the same year.
The acquisition and expansion of the car simulation chip development team in Tianjin led to the continuous promotion of multi-product certification imports, such as Can/lin, serdes, pmic, and sbc, and the promotion of car simulations as a new growth point in the simulation chip product line. Investment advice: product upgrades with a diversified chip design company, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Semiconductor market recovery has been milder and more moderate than we had previously expected, with a small downscaling of company figures 1: annual operating income of the company and the same rate of growth, Figure 2: Quarterly operating income of the company and the same rate of increase
Figure 3: Corporate annual parent net profits and year-on-year increases
Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates, Net Interest Rates Author ' s assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors ' past, present or future failure to study them