Weir shares (603501), company review report 30/04 2024 Inventory clean performance repair, mobile phone + car double-wheel drive
In the area of smart phones: benefiting from a slow recovery in consumer electronics in the second half of 2023, the build-up of company stock has been phased out and is now returning to reasonable areas, downstream customer pull-up power has increased, company product price pressure has eased, and company mobile phone revenue reached $7,779 million in 2023, a year-on-year increase.
44.13%. Smartphone masters take 50mp products at the top of the grid, and companies gradually refine the 50mp product matrix, benefiting from the delivery of ov50h and ov50d in the second half of the year, leading to the upgrading of the company ' s product structure, with the contribution of 50mp and above reaching 60%. Currently, the company ' s 50mp products include ov50a, ov50a, and ov50d.
ov50d, ov50e, ov50h and ov50k40 are expected to be launched in the second half of this year with a high-size, small-pixel 50mp product, which will cover top-end mainframe and by-product locations. We believe that the company will continue to roll out 50mp new items to achieve full coverage of mobile phone cameras, with no weak performance and comparison.
High value-for-money advantages keep up the flagship pattern, leading the national production of cis in the high-end field. Autoelectronics: the trend towards motor intelligence has deepened, car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-de-bus-de-de-auc-auc-aution.
In addition, in the area of automobiles, companies continued to add codes, acquiring cylict in 2023 and expanding their car simulation chip research and development teams, further expanding the solution from the consumer and industrial sectors to the automobile market. Companies will continue to push ahead with vehicle loads.
Simulating the layout of the chip, pushing for the certification of multiple products such as can/lin, serdes, pmic, sbc, etc. Imports, bringing greater performance elasticity to the site. We believe that as future car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-mis products are certified by their clients, superming the energy of the analog solution in the vehicle-car-borne field will become public.
Another important area of growth is the continuous upscaling of flagship aircraft, the continued penetration of carcis products into the customer supply chain, the growing demand of companies for downstream products, the under-application of 50mp products, and the under-research and development of new products.
Specifically, 23q4, a single-quarter revenue of $5.939 billion, yoy+26.49 per cent, a parent net profit of $187 million, yoy+116.5 per cent, 1, mobile phone cis is the company ' s core business, and the company adapts to the mainstream of the market and speeds up the introduction of 50mp products, which now include ov50a, ov50d, ov50e, ov50h and ov50k40. Of these, ov50h are the company ' s fist products, launched in 2023, versus Sonyimx 707 and Samsung.
gn1, which began bulk delivery in the second half of 2023, has now reached 14 milligrams, nova12 and iqoo12; ov50k40, the company ' s high-specisis cis, launched in 2024, will be launched in the first editions of Glory Magic6 to Queens. ov50h, which has been extended to a large number of mobile phone manufacturers with a strong performance and a high value for money advantage, enabling companies to achieve a significant increase in revenue in the second half of 2023.
Long, stacked roll-out of more robust ov50k40 and small-pixel 50mp products in the second half of the year are expected to lead to a sustained upswing in corporate performance.2 In 2023, company car-borne cis achieved a 25 per cent increase, benefiting from a sustained increase in auto-drive penetration and an increase in the number of bicycles; and a full upgrade of vehicle-mounted cis pixels to 8 mp ahead, 5-8 mp back-view and forward-looking, 5-8 mp round-view and cabin.
To date, China has issued L3 test plates to mainstream cars like Biadi and BMW, upgrading autopilot penetration rates and car-car-borne pixels. The company now covers all car-car-car-car-car-car-loading locations by speeding up the cis-based product matrix. Moreover, bus-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-bus-bus-bus-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-
The price of the chip sales showed a certain decline, but, with the company actively promoting the product, the chip volume reached 133 million, an increase of 65.33 per cent in the same year, with the market share rising against the market. The revenue effect of the product line was removed from the year, with the company simulating solution revenue increasing by 13.44 per cent in the same year in 2023. In addition, the company acquired the chip and expanded the car.
Using simulation chip research and development teams to further expand simulation solutions from consumer and industrial markets to automobile electronics markets, companies will continue to promote the layout of simulation chips in vehicles, the import of multiple products such as can/lin, serdes, pmic, sbc, etc., and contribute to the growth of simulation solutions in new figure 2: The share of downstream applications in corporate cis operations
Figure 1: Corporate collection structure, figure 3: Space measurement for company smartphone back-record cis market (US$ billion) Figure 4: Space measurement for global car cis market (US$ billion)
Figure 5: Company mobile phone sales forecast (millions) Figure 6: Company car sales forecast (millions) Figure 8: Company net profit and increase (millions) per quarter
Figure 7: Quarterly growth and growth of companies (millions of dollars) Figure 9: Quarterly Māori rates and net interest rates of companies Figure 10: Change in company roa/roe
Figure 11: Change in corporate cost rate 2) 50mp product application less than expected 3) new product R & D less than expected
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.