Weir shares (603501.sh) Jog-Shan, high-end Andre's cell phone, and the industry's upturn will show elastic performance.
Since the company released the 0v50 series, successful state-owned smartphones, especially v50h, have succeeded in capturing the share of domestic end-of-state flagships such as Mi, Hua, vivo, and Glory, with hypervelocity combustible capacity, high dynamic range. As the pace of corporate research and development accelerates, we are moving forward with national production substitution.
It is expected that there will be an increase in the number of national flagships using the company’s 50 series of new products, which currently account for only about a 10% share of the smart man’s machine cis market, and which is expected to increase continuously in the future. In addition to mobile phones, the demand for cis products in the automotive sector, pc markets and companies as actors continues to expand.
With the return of the industry, elasticity is expected to continue to expand the share of high-end domestic mobile phones and gradually show elasticity: since the launch of the 0v50 series of products, successful karate smartphones, in particular, have been successful.
With hypervelocity combing capacity and high dynamic ranges, v50h has succeeded in winning the share of domestic terminals, such as millet 14, pura70, vivoxfold3, glory magic6. In 2023, the company's market share in smart and mobile phones was only around 10%, with national production taking over, and we're optimistic.
At the same time, auto, pc, the boom in demand for cis, autopilot, aipc, higher demand for image sensors will further catalyze the industry’s upturn, and company performance as a local cis leader is expected to accompany the industry’s upturn.
1q24 harvests, profits and profits continue to improve significantly: 1q24, the company achieved a revenue of 5.6 billion yuan, an increase of 30.2 per cent and a decline of 4.97 per cent in the ring ratio; net profits of 560 million yuan, an increase of 181 per cent, and Chinaresearchdept.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.