Cis “Mobile phone + vehicle” double-drive, with a high profit in 24q1 - Weir stock (603501.sh) incident evaluation report 2023 annual report and one quarterly report 2024: 2023
Increase by 180.50 per cent; net profit of $566 million achieved, compared with the increase in demand in the same period; market demand in the recovery phase, with a double performance of 2024q1; global economic situation in the first half of 2023, with continued low domestic and foreign market demand
Fascists, coupled with supply and demand mismatches brought about by high stock levels at the end of the supply chain in the industry, have led to price pressure on some of the products in the process of de-stocking, corporate Māori performance, and, with the recovery of market demand in the second half of the year, companies in the high-end smartphone market.
The continued penetration of product imports and auto-drive applications in the automobile market together contributed to the growth of revenue, while companies actively promoted better product structures and supply chain structures and improved Māori rates.
Performance pressure, diversity of new product enabler operations, cis operations showing strong dynamic energy, and accelerated growth of medium- and high-end products in focus 2023-08-24
The performance has been under pressure, and Carborne Cis is expected to boost the company's business by $15.536 billion in 2023, and the mobile phone and car markets have been the main driving force behind the growth in the size of the company's business.
Q2 performance is expected to pick up gradually.
As a whole, corporate business smartphone revenues grew by 44.13% in 2023, corporate high-end cell phone sales were strong, 50 million or more of new pixels were successfully delivered in 2023 q3.
A larger increase in revenue from automobile market sales was achieved from the same year, from 2022 to 25.15 per cent. Thanks to the continuing effects of weak overall demand in the security-controlled market, the size of revenue from the security market for the public sector ' s cis products has been significantly limited.
By 2023, the new machine-visual product was delivered. The core engine of product innovation was constructed, and new industry performance poles were set up.
In 2023, R & D investment in the company ' s semiconductor design business amounted to $2.927 billion, representing 16.26 per cent of the company ' s semiconductor design business revenue.
The company introduced ov50h using the Purecelplus-s chip stacking technology of the Howie Group, double-transaction (dcg) technology, 1.2 micro-mixels and 1/1.3 inches of optical cells.
, specially designed for high-end smartphone back-up cameras. ov50k40 is a whole-of-theiacelTM-based smartphone image sensor, with a single exposure. Light is close to the human eye level dynamic, setting up a flagship-class back-to-back master camera.
New industry performance poles have been set, strong, and the product matrix continues to be rich, looking at the risks of long-term corporate development, sustaining them, and downstream demand below expectations.
• Presentation by the Electronic Communications Group: Mao Jianxian University Masters in Materials, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in the global lead semiconductor advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity securities research, and employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Gangdan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.