The income of the new product has increased, the expansion has been smooth, the net profit of the mother is 3.8 billion (+63%), the net profit of the mother is 42% higher than the profit of the year, far higher than the 30% increase in income, and the profitability continues to improve.
As a 3 billion-grade single item, q3 light season income increased by 84 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the autumn winter flu season and spring season are expected to contribute further to this growth: “Other beverages” have grown by 96 per cent, fresh products such as juice tea, port milk tea have performed well, sugar-free tea, coffee etc. have been identified and tested continuously under the “1+6” multi-product strategy.
The re-use of corporate channels and the incubation of new products, coupled with the formation of the two-engine pattern of “energy beverages plus electrolytic beverages,” opens the way for long-term growth. The nationalization layout has worked well, with the extra-provincial market becoming an important growth pole.
On the basis of the dominant market, the potential areas of North and Southwest China have grown at a rate of 73% and 49% in the first three quarters of 2025, respectively, far above the overall level. Channel expansion is the core support for nationalization, with terminal points rapidly increasing from 1.2 million in 2020 to 4.2 million in the first half of 2025.
The large network of terminals not only contributes to the fast-pushing and marketing of new products, but also provides a solid basis for the continued advancement of the nationalization strategy, which further expands the market share. Financial data continue to be good, and the quality of profits steadily improves.
Up to 43.35 per cent, an increase of 5.90 percentage points in the same year, with high levels of profitability and sustained growth. 22.32 per cent of the quarter. At the same time, the company relies on a “cut-off” model and strong channel control to maintain a higher liquidity efficiency, a healthy financial structure, and inputs for subsequent business expansion and research and development.
This view is based mainly on past data analysis, and may result from subsequent changes in the pattern of competition in the industry, declining product prices, and less-than-expected promotion of new products, with the end result being a departure from the analysis of projections.
In the third quarter of 2025, performance was higher than expected, in the second quarter, and in the third quarter, the company reported higher than expected performance and improved profitability. In the first three quarters of 2025, the company achieved revenues of 16.8 billion (+34 per cent) and a net return of 3.8 billion (+63 per cent) to the mother; the equivalent of q3 net return to the mother increased by 42 per cent over the year + 42 per cent.
The new electrolytic beverages created by the company continued to grow in the q3 sub-season, with revenues of the same +84% and monthly average sales rising. With the onset of the winter flu, the consumption of electrolytic water is expected to rise from the sports field.
The growth is expected to continue as a short-term performance `other beverages' class q3 income rises by 96% on a year-on-year basis, indicating that if new products such as juice tea explodes, the company has recently launched a new Hong Kong milk tea product during the "two-nil" period, and is ready for a national roll-out.
The company fully implemented the “1+6” multi-product strategy in 2024, with the introduction of the “Tea of fruit” series gaining market recognition through natural marketing through channels without large-scale advertising. In addition, the company launched the “Tea for Ping friends” series.
Tea free of sugar, coffee, etc., and plans to focus on the promotion of the Sea Island Coconut box during the spring season and to continue to verify its platforming capacity.
The company has succeeded in building a three-billion-a-year-old single product, proving its powerful ability to reuse and incubate new products. The company has initially built two engines, Energy Beverages + Electrolytic Beverages, and has actively cultivated the third curve of juice tea, coffee, vegetable protein beverages, etc., to move to a comprehensive beverage platform.
The blood power and the terminal network provide a solid foundation for the fast-laying and marketing of new products, and the development of multi-species synergies will open up. The company has built a deep moat of brands, channels, and digital management.
Second, the growth in the sub-provincial and extra-provincial sub-regions has continued to push for a nationalization strategy that, while consolidating such niche markets as Guangdong, Guangxi, and so forth, has led to the expansion of North China, China, China, and China.
Southwest and other potential markets. The North and Southwest regions experienced a high rate of revenue growth of 73% and 49%, respectively, in the first three quarters of 2025, and the net equity return (roe) level of companies was excellent and continuously rising. The weighted average of Roe First Entrepreneurship Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”), approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of portfolio investment advice.
The recipient, who is not a client of the company, shall consult with the independent investment adviser before making any investment decision based on the present report or requesting any explanation for the present report.No changes will occur in interest or advice. We have sought to be objective and impartial in the content of the report, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained therein are for reference purposes only.
The company will not bear the costs of using this report.