The Xiangh Unit issued a certificate board report and entered the long-line value zone for the Dong Peng beverages (stock code: 605499), which has been confirmed by the China CSRC.
This is a controlled level of shareholding of the company’s share capital. This is not more than 6.64 million h shares, and h shares are to be released one more time to help speed up business. We suggest more attention to the positive impact of h shares on the company’s business, after the company’s announcement h fund-raising funds will be used for: 1) improvement.
(b) Overseas market access, brand promotion and product development, including through joint venture/subsidiary operations;
3) Explore opportunities for investment and M & As in overseas markets, especially companies with mature production capacity and own branding, and consider firms that earn at least $100 million or a net profit of at least $200 million in volume terms (following short-term attention to the new fiscal year, depending on market conditions, to ensure a change in valuation. At the revenue end, focus is on marketing and inventory dynamics.
After the festival, attention was paid to the marketing of the water-head terminal in March, where water-filling, fruit-based tea and new products of port milk tea are expected to form a catalyst; and at the cost end, the current downward trend in the prices of pet/white sugar has been maintained, and we expect the 26h1 dividend to continue and will continue the pressure on the Maori rate as a result of the rise in the share of new products.
Long-term focus on product expansion + growth space from sea. Domestic markets, on the one hand, are expected to continue to expand in the functional beverage industry, and companies are expected to benefit as head companies, on the other hand, are working to create multi-grade flats, and companies are now earning about $50 billion more than farmers' springs, and Master Kang has more to gain.
The offshore market, where companies are now focusing on expanding the South-East Asian market, has established a basis for a 300-degree picture of the relative depth of performance in Viet Nam, Malaysia and Indonesia, with markets such as the United States, the Middle East and others to be laid in the future.
Change the line and maintain the recommended rating.
"Galactic Beverage" shows a bright view of the growth of platform-based companies, and the performance of East Ping Beverage continues to increase.
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.