Platformed company logic continues with a record high net interest rate -- three-quarters review of 2025: company announcements, $16.84 billion in revenues in the first three quarters of 2025, i.e. +34.1 per cent;
Ethylene beverages (stock code: 605499) High-speed expansion of the product category and rapid growth of the Ethnite drink. Subgrades, 25q3 energy beverages/ electrolytic beverages/other income +14.6%/+83.8%/+95.6%, with the second curve rising by 9.5 pct to 95.6%.
The logic of product expansion and platforming continues to be fulfilled by 31.2% of Liu Xinjiang. Channels, 25q3, distribution/heavy/line channels. Market revenues rose by 6.8 pcts to 73.6% over the same year. The logic of nationalization continues to be fulfilled by China.
+1.8 pcts. If the fair value change gain (private fund) factor is excluded, 25q3 is not attributable to the same ratio +0.1 pcts, which is mainly attributable to the current period ' s remuneration of company managers, depreciation and amortization, operating hospitality, and the current downward trend in the prices of pet/white sugar, and the cost dividend is expected to continue to be new
In the long run, the functional beverage industry is expected to grow, the public sector is expected to benefit as the head company, and the growing portfolio of platformed companies is expected to contribute to the growth point, while overseas market expansion is expected to open up new opportunities for growth in the long run.
The company's performance continues to increase, and the company's performance continues to increase.
[Galaxy Eats] The company evaluates the company's teas and focuses on the promotion of the season's marketing. I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Liu Xinxin, who joined the Human Security Institute in 2020, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, covering food and beverage plates, and was good at deepening the value of investment in the industry through historical retraces compared to overseas perspectives.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.