A steady increase in energy beverages revenues and a sustained increase in profit margins Events: The company released its 2025 quarterly report, which achieved revenues of $16,844 million in the first three quarters, continued deep-deep farming in the base market compared to the previous three quarters, and improved water supply performance.
6204 million yuan, or +30.75 per cent. By product structure, the income of Dong Peng is equal to that of tea and curry, the main fruit. Under the second growth curve, q3 has a regional income of +205 per cent to 1,339 million yuan, and the income of the Guangxi region of + 8.092 per cent to 8.092 per cent.
The scale effect is clear, and the sales cost rate is much lower. 2025q3 business costs are equal to the profit forecast and investment proposal: the company continues to grow deep in Guangdong Province and optimizes distribution in the provinces.
\triangleright system, perfecting the business team, we think the company's energy beverages are expected to grow better in the national market. Looking ahead, we think that East Ping will be able to rehydrate the fruit tea with a price advantage and a channel.
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, growth of new products less than expected, nationalization less than expected
In Beijing, a section (b) of the Kim Dynasty A127 West Avenue, Beijing, will not be relevant, nor will it be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.