Dung Peng beverages (605499) Food beverages have deepened the platform layout and high-quality growth continues at the Southwest Securities Institute.
The net profit is 1.39 billion yuan for the mother, +41.9 per cent for the year; the net profit is 1.270 billion yuan for the non-mother, +32.7 per cent for the year.
The electrolytic beverages, other beverages, generated $12.56 billion (+19.4%) and $2.85 billion, respectively, have achieved steady growth and continued to consolidate market leadership. The electrolytic beverages, the “Tung Poon Water Rehydration” have continued to grow at a very high rate and have become a strong second-growth engine for companies that have introduced products such as 1l packaging.
High-value prices and a powerful network of channels have spread rapidly, and product positioning has spread from the sports scene to all "skins" scenes. In other beverages, companies have actively explored multi-species developments, new fruit juice teas introduced in the first half of the year have performed well, while the East Poon Cafe has signed a brand-up, product matrices and consumption scenes.
The national distribution has been solid and the platform base has been solid. For the subregion, $3.89 billion (+13.5%) in the Guangdong region and $10.37 billion (+41.5%) in the rest of the country in the first quarter of 25 years. Of this amount, $2.4 billion has been collected in China, China, China, Guangxi, Southwest and North China respectively.
The region is growing all over the country, and the North’s markets are running at an all-time high. Now that companies have built up a network of vertical channels that cover the whole country and are deep down, companies will further sink and increase their coverage of the North, and single-point efforts are expected to continue to rise.
Cost investment has been optimized and profitability has increased significantly. 1 - 25 years ago, the Māori rate was 45.2% in the 3rd quarter, compared to +0.1 pp, mainly benefiting from a drop in the price of part of the raw materials, with a small decline in Māori in the 25q3 quarter, mainly due to an increase in revenue from the lower Māori water supply and other new products such as beverages. 2 - 25 years ago - 3rd quarter.
The sales cost rates ranged from -0.9 pp to 15.5 per cent, mainly due to the fact that the company had already completed most of the year's ice deposit costs in the second quarter, and the three-quarter slowdown in the pace of spending, which led to a significant increase in profitability. 25 years ago, the management cost rate was 2.5 per cent in the third quarter, which remained essentially the same. Financial costs were due to lower interest income on term deposits.
With the combined effect of the same usage rate + 0.6 pp to 0.4 per cent, the net interest rate for the three quarters of 25 years ago was +0.8 pp to 1.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.