q3 high performance, increased profitability, tri-quarter review of the beverages (605499), 2025 27 October 2025
In the first half of the year, the company increased its capacity to use the freezer, except for the core single item.
The q3 performance is impressive, as is the continued growth of products such as tea with fruit. 2025q3, the company ' s gross operating income is $6.107 billion, an increase of 30.36 per cent over the previous year; the net return to the mother is $1,386 million, a rise in the second curve, which is higher than the growth, and is actively ploughing the country ' s market.
The second curve, which is represented by water recharge, has increased by a steady increase in the volume of drinks. Specific data, 12,563 million yuan in business earnings from energy beverages from the company ' s core products in the first three quarters of 2025, compared to the same increase in the company ' s net interest rate of 2025q3.
The company ' s freezer costs were pre-positioned, with sales rates falling by 2.60 percentage points to 15.26 per cent from the same year to the same year; the management and financial costs rates were 2.54 per cent and -0.16 per cent, respectively, representing an increase of 0.13 cent and a corresponding valuation of 34 times and 27 times.
A “positive” investor is suitable only for a study that does not have a higher risk level than a “medium- and high-risk” study, and a “radical” investor is suitable for a study in which one of our Divisions has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, and is known independently and objectively.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.