H shares issue one step closer, reiterating three main logics - the East Peng Beverage Incident Review, investment rating: buy-in (D)
The company recently received a notice from the China Censorship Commission on the listing of the company's limited shares in East Peng Beverage (the group) outside the country; The main elements of the notice include the company's proposed issuance of up to 6,6446,000 shares of offshore marketing.
The Hong Kong Stock Exchange has been launched more recently, and the limited share of the share in the market has relieved the market of excessive concern.h The stock is not expected to be released more than 6.6446 million.
Shares, at a ceiling of approximately 11.3% of total post-issuance a+h equity (the actual share is projected to be even lower), significantly unconstrained the market ' s previous concerns about the ratio of h shares.
The start-up of the internationalization strategy is expected to accelerate substantially. The funds raised by this unit are intended to be used for substantial landings such as the advancement of overseas production, supply chain and channel development and optimization, and branding and marketing.
25q3 grew strong, the second third curve was amazing, with 6 billion people moving, and we think 26 years of rehydration is expected to be part of the sports drink camp.2 Other new products also doubled: juice tea was strong in its first year, and Hong Kong milk tea was 11 issues.
The new stock exchange is based, in part, on concerns about the short-term growth of the main industry: 25q3 people.
Industry drinks + 15% (q2+18.8%) and splits to a single-season rate of slight decline in the core from Guangdong.
The Guangxi market is relatively slowing (+2.1/7.6 per cent) and the port market is growing at an extraordinary rate, with a basic 2. East Pelican drink of 25q2: full capacity + rehydration.
Current low levels of stock, network development and the orderly advancement of frozen construction; 3 new corporate bulletins: faster sales than revenues + new goods + platform investment proposals: current valuations reach low levels in recent years, reiterating “buy-in”
Our view is that the company has three long-term growth logics of nationalization + platform + internationalization, and the current h share distribution is advancing steadily, predicting the expansion of both innovation and overseas breakthroughs + extra-drinks, with high growth in three logics.
Fold prices, assuming only 22 x for 26 years, based on 9 discounts, demand has fallen short of expectations, new products have expanded short of expectations, raw material costs have fallen short of expectations, professional baccalaureate, more than 10 years of experience in securities, Chinese-Thai securities, Chinese-Kino-Kinji, An Xin securities, sea-ton securities, formerly electric, medical-American, pan-technical, etc.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.