Events: On March 23, the China Coal Energy Report 2022 was released. In 2022, the coal energy source (601898.sh) achieved business income of 22,577 million yuan, a decrease of 8% in the same year, and a net return to the mother of 18,240 million yuan.
Growth of 32.8 per cent in the same year; net profits of $18.12 billion after deduction of non-recurrent gains and losses, which grew more strongly in the main coal industry. Commodity coal production grew by 119 million tons in 2022, or 4.4 per cent in the same year, while home-grown coal sales increased by 120 million tons, or 7.3 per cent in the same year.
This represents an increase of 8.4 per cent in the same year, or 3.7 per cent in the same year, of 9,98 million tons in coal refined, mainly from the new sea and about 6 million tons in coal mine releases. The volume of coal sold in trade was 128 million tons, a decrease of 29.6 per cent in the same year.
322.84 yuan/tonne, the amortization effect of the increase in the production of own-grown coal, which led to the introduction of new mine production as a scarce resource within the industry during the 2022 and 2021 cost bases in the period of the “12th Five” period, the active deployment of coal resources during the company's “12th Five” period, and the joint commissioning of new coal production in the sea at the end of 2021.
The company expects production to reach 15 million tons this year, reaching 20 million tons per year in 2024, which is not expected to be the biggest driver of performance growth. At the same time, the company expects short-term impairment of company assets to slow its performance, but to contribute to firm growth in the long run.
Quality of real assets, company rights to prospecting in the salajida fields that cannot be mined in the short term, works that increase the cost of investment due to the extension of the construction week, coal mines that are less recoverable as a result of changes in underground geological conditions, and companies that run losses due to market conditions
The amount of the impairment is equivalent to the discharge of the load, and the historical burden has been reduced to a certain extent, the scale of the impairment will be reduced in the future, and the quality of company development is expected to increase. Billion tons/year, fourth in industry; and coal production 113 million tons, third in industry, 90 per cent of which is in industry
Coal power. We believe that companies have a strong competitive edge in coal reserves, and that the real value of companies is underestimated from the point of view of replacement costs, as the price of mining rights rises significantly in Sinda Securities.
Cindasecuritiesco. ltd Subsistence benchmark price for mining rights in the western part of the country, and the cost of replacing mining rights assets in the middle coal energy sector alone would be Building 1 of the 9th Alteration House in the west corner of Beijing City.
108.37%. Of the seven coal mining rights recently auctioned in Shaanxi province, the premium on the right to prospecting was 511.67%. If measured, the replacement value of the coal energy resources in China would increase considerably and the value of the current market transfer would be higher. As at 3.23, the company pe (ttm) was
According to the calculations, coal energy pers grew 9.24 times from 2017 to date, at a rate higher than that of China's Shinhua (202.58 per cent) and Xiaoxi (563.09 per cent), but the pe valuation fell faster, and in five years, pe was released with the industry's overall valuation repair and corporate capacity, and the company's valuation is expected to return to reasonable water.
The “Middle Assessment” promotes a profound transformation of listed companies in the country, looking at the value of long-term investment \triangleright by the company's leader.
In addition, the company aims to enhance the market identity and value of listed companies, promote market re-evaluation of low-valued, high-quality assets; and focus on improving the internal quality of the enterprise, using the “one-for-five-per-cent” indicator as a means of improving its business capacity and strengthening the quality of its assets.
Listed companies are actively implementing reform programmes, and we believe that, as the largest profit-making entity of the China-China Coal Group, the National Investment Commission's assessment of the company's indicators will be passed on to listed companies, which will contribute to the optimization and endogenous growth of the company's operations; and, secondly, the reforms will promote a more integrated pace of specialization.
The Sino-Coal Group’s Resource Development Group (9.48 million tonnes/year) and Sino-Caco (13.6 million tonnes/year) are expected to gradually inject into listed companies. At the same time, high-quality state-owned listed assets, which are undervalued, will be revalued as a result of the construction of China’s character valuation system.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: the high proportion of China ' s coal energy and the \triangleright expectations of performance as a result of endogenous growth. Looking ahead this year, policy instruments such as short-term domestic capacity growth, capacity utilization, etc.
It has been almost exhausted, with more and more open-air safety regulations on all the country’s mines, and nuclear contradictions in the supply of coal shifting to an inadequate supply. In the context of continued high-intensity coal supply, the power coal price hub is expected to remain high as the demand warms, with an orderly release of coal production.
Corporate performance is expected to improve steadily. In contrast, the current company valuation is at a historically low level, and future risk factors are expected: uncertainty about the impact of the epidemic on the macroeconomic situation; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy; uncertainty about policies in coal- and power-related industries; and safe production in coal mines.
Dr. Zhog Ming, University of Mines (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, and chief executive officer in the energy industry in Sindha, China. He worked as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association. He worked on research and advisory missions in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He chaired the “13th Five” national coal survey and development planning study, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related research.
In June 2016, the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre was established to study the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it was responsible for Lee Chunzi, cfa, a member of the Chinese Association of Certified Accountants, a Master of Finance from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, and a Bachelor of Finance from Nanjing University, who worked on large energy panels such as coal, electricity, and gas.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations at the Second Sub-Specific Company of the China Coal Industry Group. He worked for many years in coal mining, in technology management for coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity, market-based reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, engaged in electricity industry, Xinhua, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest, July 2022.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, a non-consensual and non-consensual component of the coal industry, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.