Three-quarterly review of the 2024 North Building Material (000786), significant increases in sales costs, robust performance in the previous three quarters, three-quarter reports in 2024, and company operations in the first three quarters of 2024.
Income was 20,364 million yuan, an increase of 19.44 per cent in the same year, and net return to the mother, a growth rate of 3,145 million yuan, a steady increase in performance. Companies achieved business income of $20,364 million in the first three quarters of 2024, compared to q3, an increase of $6,667 million in the same quarter, an increase of 19.82 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother was $931 million.
Growth of 8.23% over the same period; net profit deduction of $910 million, an increase of 5.45% over the same year. The net profit margin ratio for companies decreased for the single quarter, and performance growth slowed somewhat, mainly as a result of a decline in the Māori rate.
The revenue is 4,505 million yuan, which is basically the same as the previous year. The water protection operation has improved steadily, and the first three quarters have achieved a roe (ttm) percentage point. The paint business has developed in depth, and the previous three quarters have achieved a business income of 2,548 million yuan.
The company’s sales, management, and wealth in the previous three quarters increased by 36.82% over the same period, mainly because of the cost of sales caused by the company’s new M&As.
There has been an increase in the cost of R & D, which shows an increase in R & D by the public sector, which has helped to increase product competitiveness. Net cash inflows into business activities have increased significantly, and debt ratios have increased slightly.
Net cash flows of $2.706 billion, an increase of 38.01 per cent over the same period; net cash flows of q3 seasons also boosted net corporate cash flows. At the end of the three seasons, corporate asset liabilities stood at 27.96 per cent.
Market ownership is over 60%, with leading technology, regional layout advantages, whole-sector chains, and size effects, bringing higher pricing rights and competition to protect cities. Painting and waterproofing operations are also better growing. Companies as a whole are more profitable, growing robustly, and investing on an ongoing basis.
Moreover, local government bailout policies have been insufficiently implemented and effective, and the recovery in market sales in buildings has led to lower demand for jobs. Capital investment has increased at a lower rate than expected, resulting in lower demand for industries.
divisional market share increases and performance increases are lower than expected. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a shares refer to 300 indexes of depth; the new three-board reference point is three-strength.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.