Three-quarter review in 2024: performance meets expectations, gypsum events: companies published three-quarter reports in 2024. Companies achieved 20,364 million single-q3 revenues in the first three quarters of 2024, amounting to $6,667 million, compared to +19.82 per cent; net profit to mothers was $931 million, compared to the previous quarter of 2024.
The share of the gypsum sheeting has risen in reverse, waterproofing and coatings have continued to expand. In a context of increased pressure to complete the industry, the firm's gelatin and gypsum + has maintained a relatively stable price, and sales of gypsum boards are expected to increase in the previous three quarters by the same number.
The share continues to rise backwards, consolidating market positions; the water and paint sector also continues to expand, growing rapidly, and the water sector has increased by 18.67% over the same period, and the paint business has benefited Gabrielle and has achieved income of 2.550 billion. In the area of internationalization, the focus is on South-East Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, Europe, and the ring.
In the four largest regions of the Sea, regionalization operations and global layout have generated $171 million in corporate revenues in the first three quarters, compared with +121.1 per cent in the previous three quarters.  The Māori rate has risen steadily, and the cost of sales from new M&A subsidiaries has increased.
The interest rate of 30.65%, which has remained stable overall, is expected to be more stable in the gypsum master industry, mainly as a result of the company's continued implementation of the “Long Flying, Tarzan Climbing” program, with significant product high-end success. The q3 Māori ratio has been reversed in comparison, and is expected to be influenced mainly by changes in business structure.
New M&As have resulted in higher costs; financial cost rates have remained stable.  Cash flow performance has been excellent. Net cash flows from corporate operations in the first three quarters of 2024. New North (000786): semi-annual report 2024
27.06 billion yuan, a 38 per cent increase over the same period, is due mainly to a corresponding increase in corporate income as a result of sales returns.
Gold influence, net cash flow from the operation of the waterproof branch grew over the same period in the previous year, with 62% of the new business growing and $342 million from the paint construction branch. In addition, there was a significant increase in the end-of-period receivables, mainly due to the fact that
The company adjusts its annual credit sales policy and the impact of new mergers and acquisitions.
Review: O1 performance is over-expected, cast board is robust and global layout is a strategic lead, and the gypsum industry will continue to grow globally, exhibit and show corporate performance.
We will also contribute to a sustained, rapid increase in bone support, waterproofing, and coating operations. We will maintain the firm’s ability to operate properly and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Three major financial forecasting tables for the North Construction Facility The East Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.