North New Materials (000786.sz): The reverse continues. North New Materials issued three-quarter reports in 2024, which generated business income of $20,364 million in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase.
The new North is a leading company in the production of cast boards in the country, with a market share of more than 60 per cent, with a positive growth of 3,069 million yuan, or 13.31 per cent, in the net profits of shareholders belonging to the parent company after a non-recurring gain or gain.
Plasmodium +. A “one-wing” development strategy, acquisition of waterproof materials, development of waterproof materials and coatings, with waterproof materials in the top three branches of the industry.
Business growth continued to be robust in terms of income levels during the low industry period. Corporate business earnings increased at a steady rate in the first three quarters.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the cost of company sales increased by 0.51 percentage points. In a depressed industry environment, the advantages and disadvantages have increased, but the company itself, as a frontline company for gypsums, waterproof materials and paints, is more resilient to risk than it is in a bad environment.
The firm, as the backbone of construction, is operating well. 2024 The net cash flow generated by the first three quarters of operations was $2.706 billion, an increase of 38.01 per cent.
Return sales have increased in tandem with income growth, with gypsum plates providing the basis for the “cash cow” business, and the acquisition of coatings, reduced by 2.02 days in the same year, and 186.72 days in fixed asset turnover, a decrease of 13.4 days in the same year.The firm's overall sound financial position has become the basis for risk resistance and regressive growth.
Intra- and outlier firms develop faster in the low-intensity phase of the industry. We insist that the current poor demand environment in the industry is rather a period of opportunity for the development of leading and excellent firms. Companies can reverse their market share in the difficult business environment of other firms, as in the case of corporate waterproof materials.
The industry maintains a high rate of growth in the face of other business difficulties; it also allows for faster growth through external long-range mergers and acquisitions, such as the one for paint taps, Gabriel, leading to leapfrogging in the paint business. The growth of these business reversals forms the basis for subsequent development, once the industry is changing its supply and demand.
Greater elasticity of performance, better growth of life and outreach, and maintenance of corporate “strongly recommended” ratings.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the North is building new material (000786.sz): The backside continues to grow steadily, and the source of financial prosperity in the East continues to grow.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the new material in the North (000786.sz): The backside continues to grow steadily, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East continues to flourish.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We've tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points of view and conclusions in the text are:
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.