Improvement of integrated production capacity, plus-n-type technology South-West Securities Research and Development Centre operating income of $21.32 billion, an increase of 39.6 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $1.77 billion, an increase of $1.17 billion over the same period
• Significant growth in the volume and profitability of component shipments. In 2022, the total output of the company ' s component was 43.1gw, an increase of 73.7 per cent in the same year, with the component ' s single-watt profit of about $0.085, an increase of almost $0.02/w in the same year. 4.4gw, a significant increase of 144.4 per cent in the same year, was the sum of the distributed system, the photovoltted silos.
A net profit of 700 million. The global reserve can deliver nearly 2gwh. Domestic output exceeds 1.5gwh. It is influenced by the high upstream core price in 2022 and the small size of the storage power business, which represents a loss of about 120 million yuan for the operation of the power station and the storage capacity of the German smart energy business.
Battery projects, which together contribute $1.35 billion in investment earnings. In addition, companies account for losses of credit and assets, respectively, $360 million and $1.36 billion. 23q1 companies have increased the volume and sales income of photovoltaic components by the same amount, while costs such as materials procurement, logistics transport, etc. are effectively controlled and products consolidated.
Cost decreases. The 23q1 company combined Māori rate is 18.0%, an increase of 4.4 pp from the same year. • Improve vertically integrated production layouts, plus coden n silicon rods, battery technology. By the end of 2022, the company owns batteries with a component capacity of 50 gw and 65gw, respectively. The company plans to produce silicon, batteries, and components by the end of 2023.
50gw, 75gw, 95gw, with a topcon battery capacity of 40gw. The company invested in building 35gwn silicon bar capacity in Qinghai, successfully downlined 210+n single crystal silicon bar in February 2023. In December 2022, the company's accommodation base was successful in 8gw210+n i-topcon battery film.
Underline. While extending industrial chain layouts of n silicons upstream, strengthening vertically integrated output layouts, the company is able to break through the N-type industrial chain, ensure smooth delivery of topcon batteries and components, and further upgrade the fast-growing, upstream extension of the power core of the one-sourced energy business. The company has achieved a huge market in China’s storage capacity.
Breaking through, successful delivery of the domestic single 800mwh storage energy project, breakthroughing over 500mwh orders in key markets, such as the United Kingdom, and continuing delivery to the fourth and sixth global market bureaus of China’s reservoirs. Companies go deep into vertically integrated industries, sharing 10gwh core production lines and 2gwh modules.
Production lines are gradually being built: investment in long-term, high-security self-researching “sky core” cores and modular production lines. The company will build storage cells in Anhuizhou and Salt City, which will create supply capacity for inter-storage power cores, packs, and scaffolding systems.
• Profit forecasting and investment advice. Company upstream silicon n, slice slicing perfect vertically integrated output, plus industrial chain integration complete n layout. Scenario 1: company output is on schedule, and external sales of components are expected to be 60gw, 80gw, 100gw over the next three years.
Assumption 3: power station operations, the volume of revenue is stable at around $3.9 billion. Companies support rolling European development of power stations, while revenues from power generation and transport maintenance operations remain stable and receive a steady annual transfer of power stations.
Assumption 4: 4gwh, 6gwh, 8gwh for storage systems in 2023-2025, high growth rates, smart micronets and multi-energy systems operations will continue to grow at a high rate. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.