In 2022, the company became operational.
Revenues increased by 9.121 per cent from the same period. The net return to the mother was $3.680 billion, an increase of 103.97 per cent from the same year. 0.71 pcts. 2023q1 companies achieved operating income of $21.319 billion, an increase of 39.59 per cent from the same year. The net return to the mother ' s component was growing rapidly and improving the integrated layout.
In 2022, the total volume of the company's portfolio was 43.09gw, and the volume of external sales was 35.01gw, an increase of 66.07%.
By the end of 2022, the company as a whole had accumulated more than 130gw. The company, while continuously optimizing the technological process of component materials and upgrading the performance of its products, accelerated upstream ecological construction and optimized the industrial chain.
As the company continues to improve its integrated layout, it is expected to further reduce the cost of silicon end-of-assembly components and achieve a steady increase in single-watt profits. In 2022, the company was able to produce more than 1.5 gwh domestically, and the global output was close to 2gwh, successfully delivered to the domestic single-watt-hour project to achieve Chinese storage.
The 4th and 6th global market patterns of integrated firms are one of the main protagonists of high growth within the industry. Jang Wenchen, 2022, the co-opt of the sky, with excellent brand credit and technological strength, was able to select Bnef's “storage products and systems”
The photovoltaic industry is moving toward a new phase of n-type technologies. Companies keep pace with the industry, and efficient battery development teams continue to maintain the efficiency of the n-i-topcon battery industry.
At the end of the year, the company built a 210-mm Hjt high-efficiency battery laboratory, which was 25.6 per cent effective.
In addition, the company’s research on high-efficiency silicone/silicon stack battery technology has led to some results. In July 2022, small-scale silicone/silicon-silicon two-end solar cell laboratory efficiency reached 27.9%.
Ping is a leader in the country, with China ' s top efficiency in the 2022 solar battery selection; in December 2022, efficiency was raised to 29.2%, and a large area of silicon ore/silicon layer batteries are being developed and certified. The company continues to develop new research and development to support the continued increase in perc battery production efficiency and the continued reduction of nonsilicon costs, p-perc
Battery industrial efficiency industry leads, with slurry sheets falling by more than 20% a year. Investment advice: taking into account the company’s silicon production capacity, which is expected to increase the profitability of the components, adding risks to the whole industry chain: less than expected expansion of production, increased market competition, and tight supply of raw materials