Deepening the integration layout will increase profits, and the storage will open up the growing ceiling.
The shipment was 43.09gw, and by the end of the 22nd year the cumulative output of the company's components had exceeded 130gw, eight consecutive times having been evaluated by the manufacturer of the global "best performance" component. The company maintained the technical route of the large-sized battery assembly, which, according to the q1 survey, as of this year, had exceeded the cumulative output of the 210 components of the coronal energy.
65gw, the world's number one, with a market share of over 50%. In the supply chain, companies move deeper into vertically integrated industrial chains, and companies now have more than 30gw silicon production capacity under construction.
At the end of 23, the company plans to have 100,000 tons of industrial silicon, 50,000 tons of polysilicon, 20gw silicon tablets and 55gw batteries, and the integrated layout is expected to further reduce the cost of silicon end-of-assembly components; at the end of the solution, the staircase operations total 4.4gw; and at the end of the smart energy business, the company has achieved Chinese storage energy.
A huge breakthrough in the market has resulted in the successful delivery of the domestic single-body 800mwh energy project, with more than 2gwhe delivered, and Guo Yingzhi now integrates the fourth and sixth global market patterns of China's reservoirs.
Multi-tech route layout, with technological advances driving industrial upgrading. Batteries are now at the p-n iterative stage, and companies are following industry rhythms, pushing totcon technology along with the hjt and the mine, Jubino.
With regard to Topcon, where the company is leading the industry in maintaining the industrial efficiency of the n i-topcon battery, and after an authoritative third-party test, the large-sized topcon component has achieved a 24.24% window efficiency laboratory efficiency; with regard to hjt, the company completed a 210 mm hjt high-efficiency battery at the end of 22nd year.
Research assistant, Lin Fukugi Laboratory, currently 25.6 per cent effective at the laboratory and has completed the reliability test for the hjt component; s01012206013
For example, the company focused on a technological study of the stacking system, which achieved a 29.2% efficiency in December 22nd in small-scale ore/crystal silicon and cell labs, while large-area stacking batteries are in the R & D certification phase. The storage capacity business is growing rapidly, and it is expected to provide additional quantities.
1.5/2gwh, and selected for Bnef's “Funability of storage and system integrators” rating of top ten globally, the Tri-quarters of 2022, 1. Tri-annual reporting point for Trinity (688599.sh), reflects the recognition of corporate products by downstream customers.
The core production line and the 2gwh module production line are gradually being produced, and long-lived core products with cycles of 12,000 have been successfully developed, as a basis for the launch of a new generation of 10,000-cycle liquid cooling systems trinastorage 2. Skynetic light energy (688599.sh): semi-annual report 2022
Queries: Performance has increased significantly and integration has become more competitive, elementa, with electricity consumption costs being 32 per cent lower than those of the previous generation. -202/08/29.
Quarterly reviews: fast growth of component shipments, advantage of channels, greater integration, rapid growth of storage operations, maintenance of “recommended” ratings.
4. Triangleright (688599): Large-sized components continue to lead, \triangleright household systems increase by 2021/08/25
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.