The profits kept high, and the synergies of the operations gradually became equal to +91%, with a net return to the mother of $3.68 billion, or +104%. Of this, q4 achieved a return to the mother of $26.85 billion, or +103%, and a return to the mother of $1.28 billion, or +104%.
The components continue to increase profitability, the vertical layout of the industrial chain increases cost competitiveness, and the n-type releases provide excess profit. The company delivered 43.1gw in 2022 (including 8.1gw for self-use). +74% of the year, q4 of which was 14.7gw (including 4.4gw for self-use) and measured the q4 component sheet.
The profit margin continues to rise. The company has planned 300,000 tons of industrial silicon, 150,000 tons of crystal crystals, 2022.10.31 of upstream capacity, such as silicon, 35gw crystals, and is expected to build faster.
2. `Commodity release rings are higher, silos and storage elastic releases are released during the i.e., the year of Skylight, which is expected to increase the company ' s integration ratio and increase its profitability and the reliability of raw materials.
3. " Channel dominance, vertical extension of the industrial chain -- Skylight depth report " , which raises the capacity of the pool to 75gw, with topcon producing capacity of 40gw, 23-year-n components with a potential to deliver up to one third of the excess profit from the dividend period of the new technology.
Distributed system operations are growing at a high rate, tracking scaffolding pick-up points, and storage operations are entering the release period. The company’s photovoltaic system solution operations continue to grow, reaching 4.4gw year-round, pushing ground power station loads up as silicon supplies are released.
This year, the profit from tracking the staircase will continue to improve. On April 21, the company announced that it would be planning the division of the shares held by the owner, which would give the company absolute ownership of the distributed business and split it.
Rapid growth of company storage operations in 2022, joint venture of 10 gwh core and 2gwh module production lines, with domestic shipments exceeding 1.5 gwh, global output close to 2gwh, released with silicon supplies, and expected to add new electric chemical storage units worldwide in 2023
Impairment guarantees the quality of assets. Company q4 accounts for $590 million in impairment of fixed assets, and we predict that it is primarily for historical small-scale capacity, which will effectively maintain the asset quality and future profitability of the company's equipment.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Company silicon output released profit enhancement components, distributed systems, tracers, storage, etc., creating performance growth points, up 2023-2024 net profits
The deterioration of the international trade environment; industry expansion beyond expectations; and changes in technology routes.