Chemical engineering has shown a remarkable improvement in cash flow The event: the company published a three-quarterly report in 2023.
The net return to the mother was $3.707 billion, an increase of 2.72 per cent over the same period. On a single quarter, 2023q3 companies realized a real operating income of $40.106 billion, a decrease of 11.38 per cent, a net return profit of $777 million and an improvement in cash flow, mainly in the company ' s tight cash flow indicator controls, and a monthly cash flow rolling forecast.
Measured as a result of the performance of continuous monitoring and management. 2023q1-3 Māori rate was 8.22%, a slight increase in profitability compared to 0.47 pct in the same period last year. New contracts for chemical engineering and environmental governance are growing faster.
In recent years, companies have built a large number of international engineering projects and accumulated a wealth of overseas engineering experience. Companies now have more than 140 offshore institutions.
In more than 80 countries and territories in Russia, Indonesia, Malaysia, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Kazakhstan, Turkey, Egypt and other countries, cumulatively completed contracts along the “one-way” route over $100 billion, accumulated valuable market development and project implementation experience and built with owners
A long-standing partnership was established. During the recent third “One Way” summit, the company signed a general contract with Nianza, South Africa, for epc, including the nyanza titanium project in South Africa, and an epc contract with the Angolan National Petroleum Corporation for the refining of the Lobito refinery project, for which the company signed the contract.
10 million tons of crude oil processed annually, with a total investment of about US$ 6 billion, are strategic projects of national priority for Angola, which are important for ensuring energy security in Angola, accelerating the pace of rapid industrialization and promoting economic and social development.
Market-building investments have become more dynamic, infrastructure development has become more robust, and companies will continue to focus on the “one-way” (Galactic Building) company review – China Chemical – a new 65 billion yuan Russian market for priority countries, actively promoting priority projects to the ground.
The methanol list, a "swipe-on-the-way" accelerated the expansion of the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute, has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.