jiangsuhengruimedicine (600276): hpg-19kformallyapprovedtobe madeaviableinthemarket
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, majorinnovavedrugfortumor, wasformallyapprovedby the chiineseregulatorviaanewdrugapprovinserialnumberof tianjiagiang
I don't know, macapegfilgrasstiminaction, anotherblockbusterproduceunder caoyang the company'slineofofordrugproducts.macapegfilgrastim
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know if you're the only one who's going to do this, but I don't know if you're going to do it, but you're going to have to do it.
Us$4.76bnandchina'speg-rhg-csfinjection (long-actingg-csf, abbreviatedashpg-19k)
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
@rmb4bn-rmb5overseventhext4-5yearsandcombinedsalesreveue ofcspvarmaceuticalgroup (01093.hk) andqilupharmaceutical (600789) areforcasttobermb1.20bn+in2018.
It's better than localrivals'like-producants.
ltmhigh/low(rmb) macapegfilgrastiminactionapproved (0.6ml:6mg) ilargerthanthose 1-monthabsoluteain
And qilupharmaceutialial 6-monthabsoloutegain (600789)'slike-products (1ml:3mg) .seenbromperformancyclinical
It's not like it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Thisiswillpullthecompanyatabetterpositionin academicextensionofthisproduct.medicalinsurancecoverage, executivedruglistasasbdrug (whoseexpenseis 70-80%)
I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, there's been a lot of trouble, there's been a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's been a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble, there's a lot of trouble.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Drugsinthecompany'spipelinein 2018andtheapplicationforproductionofpd-1 (shr 1210), whichis neartobeapproved, willmarkafreshstartingpointforthecompanyinthedevelopmentofionofivovative and application againstin2017, markthatthecompany'ssinnovatorugbushasfortalally
The company'snewproductsschasapatinib, hpg-19ketc.are expected tofuelafreshroundofswiftrevenuegrovesreforfundineitsmarketingbylinesproceded.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
Wereviseour2018-2020eex-righteps estimatorm 1.01/1.12.2/1.56 fromrmb 1.32/1.58/2.02.givenitsenormusadvantageinininnovate druugsandscarityvalue, veretainourbuyrating.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.
: (i) the viewers expressedisthisresearchdirectionalview sofachsuchanasuchanalyoutthesubjectscuritiesandissues; and (ii) the analyst'scompensationwas, is, orwilldirecteddirectly, relatedtospepicactionsordances.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
"Citizens" . Legentitiesdiscusures suchmaticissussuedanddistprintinthepeople'srepublicifchina (excluding longkong, macaouandtaiwan)

: +91-22-665050.faxno: +91-222840271; cin: u67120h 1994plc083118; sebiregistréno: nz000001735asstockbroker, inmom00010619asmerchantbankerand in hun00001113asresearchanalyst); inindoneiabypclosasekrititasindonesia; injapanbyclasasecuritiesjapanco.ltd; inkabyclasasasecurities.
Quotaltd; inmalaysiabyclisasecuritiesmalaysiasdnbhd; inthephilippinesbyclisaphippinsinc. (amberofphilippinstockechangeand securitiesinvestor protectionfund); inthailandbyclassecurities (thailand)mited. jurisdictionspecificdisclostures
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it.
(telephoneno.: +6564167888) inconneactionwith queriisonherport.mci(p)024112017. canada: thisressearchreporthasbeenproduceinsentiretybyciticsecurities.thedeliverythistreporttoanypersonanadashallnotbe deemedationtofefectantytransactionsthesecuritiesdiscedherinodirectionofotherin.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's going to do it.
I'm sorry, you shouldn'treallyonthisdocumentation.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Allivevectors. Theprices, Valuesancomesof thesecuritiesorfincialinstrumentsreferredtohereinmayfluctuteandbeaffeffecoded bychangesinexhange rates.pastperformansnotindicadicatedirecteurs. information, opinionnsestimatescontainedherinreflexthejudgmentofanalyst (s)ofiticsciticsat thedateofoidsorigitalpublicactionandaresubjecttoject
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, this research reportmayyotetetereproduced, distraughtorsoldbyanypersonforanypurposew without thepriorwrittenconsentofciticsecurities.cophright 2018.citiccultures.allrightsreserved.