We're doing the right thing, and we're going to invest more in the promotion of innovative drugs.
The net profit of shareholders belonging to the parent company was 3,217 million yuan, an increase of 24.25 per cent in the same year, the net profit of the non-belonging parent company was 33.21 per cent in the same year and the net profit of the parent was 889 million yuan, an increase of 34.61 per cent in the same year.
In 2017, the company collected 13,836 million yuan, an increase of 24.72 per cent over the previous year, and the net shareholdings of the parent company decreased by 0.44 percentage points over the same period, mainly due to the increase of 34.61 per cent for cardiovascular and other pharmaceutical products and 17.90 per cent for the ring, reflecting an accelerated process year by year and season.
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and net return earnings (millions of dollars)
Review: Capofin was approved net in UK, East U.S.I. Figure 2: Corporate Māori Rate & Net Interest Rate
The company's product structure is diversified, anti-cancer anaesthesia continues to grow at a high rate, and cinematography is higher. The company started with oncological drugs, with 41 per cent of its total income in 2017, and has been the only anti-cancer drug in many years.
The situation is gradually changing. Companies representing surgical anaesthesia, cinematography, and specialty fluids have gradually expanded the market for non-resistive oncological products in their treatments. In 2017, they grew by 44.85% over the same period, gradually becoming one of the company’s pillars. 1) Oncological drug lines: the innovative Apadalini has grown significantly since it was introduced in 2014, together with a new round of drug bidding and medicine.
The price of the drug is about 37% lower in Apadeni, and the pdb sample hospital, Apadaloni, has increased by 53.52% over the same period. On a quarterly basis, the company Apadalniq3 and q4 sales are increasing at a higher rate than q2 and, in terms of sales of other species, phosphate amide (+18.16%), injection with hydrochloric acid (+18.18%), diazine (+18.18%),
The growth of the dositic injection fluids (+36.84 per cent) and the dositic injection fluids (+23.18 per cent) has been steady. 2) Surgery anaesthesia products: the company's priority varieties, right-wing metomies, account for the vast majority of the country's market share and, in 2017, the company's right-wing sales were increased by 30.66 per cent on average, as the market expanded and the right-wing metomies were included in the new health insurance catalogue.
In addition, the amount of heptafluoroane sold is increasing by the same time as the amount of heptafluoroethane sold: 44.85% of the product line of the primary product is increasing at the same rate. The company’s sales of iodine grams of salbutamol are increasing by 66.40% on the same basis, and the company’s share of the market is now about 50%, depending on the distribution of public hospitals in priority cities.
Research and development (R & D) has been heavily invested in a rich product line, with heavy-pound varieties reaping the promise of innovation, which is fundamental to the company’s survival. In 2017, the company invested cumulatively 1,759 million yuan in R & D, an increase of 48.53 per cent compared to the previous year, with R & D investment accounting for 12.71 per cent of sales revenue, and has been a strong boost to the company’s project R & D and product innovation.
Over the years, companies have been at the top of the industry in terms of research and development investment to enhance the company’s core competitiveness. The company is now focusing on research and research on anti-cancer drugs, surgical anaesthetics, imaging agents, major diseases, and areas where there are not yet effective treatments.
In terms of the development of innovative medicines, there has been a generally positive development of clinical applications for innovative medicines every year, and every 2-3 years they have been placed on the market. Among the company’s research and development lines are new drugs, such as c-metadc, pd-1, pd-l1, and heavy-pound medicines, such as Maratonic Cartoni. In 2017, the company injected shr-a1403, shr-9146, shr-1316, shr-8554.
Products such as liquids, shr-1314 injection fluids are allowed to conduct clinical trials abroad. 4. A firm internationalization strategy, with formulation exports + varieties introduced into the harvest period Internationalization of innovative drugs: shr-a1403, shr9146, shr-1316, shr 8554,
Products such as shr-1314 injection fluids are allowed to conduct clinical trials overseas. Internationalization of imitation: sulfonyl sulfonic ammonium injection fluids, dositic injection fluids, right metomic injection fluids of hydrochloric acids were approved in the United States, capofine net and ground fluorine injections were approved in Europe, and sales of products such as cyclophosphate were steadily increasing.
In 2017, four injections and two raw substances were submitted to the United States of America, one injection to Japan and one application for registration for a single pill and one raw drug to Europe; and other emerging markets, such as Australia, South Africa and the Middle East, are gradually strengthening their registration.
III. Profits projections and investment proposals: and the tendering of medicines will provide a steady flow of medicines for companies, a steady increase in the export of preparations, a rich stock of varieties and a large proportion of the development inputs that will provide a constant incentive for companies to continue to develop. We therefore maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Company bidding for pharmaceuticals was lower than expected; approval of pharmaceutical reviews was less advanced than expected; R & D pipelines were less advanced than expected; preparations were exported.