Income increases are expected, equity incentive costs affect performance, priority reviews are expected to accelerate Pd-1 production resistance.
Xu Wangyang published a quarterly report in 2018, with $3.857 billion in the company ' s 2018q1 battalion, an increase of 21.70 per cent in the same year, $949 million in net profits for shareholders belonging to the parent company, an increase of 16.95 per cent in the same year, excluding non-belongers.
1. Income meets expectations, income from 2018q1 meets expectations, and the impact of equity incentive costs is slightly current.
The company’s revenue ends are driven by high growth in product lines such as anesthesia, tumor wires, and cinematography.
Note: Capophen was approved in the United Kingdom, Figure 2: Corporate Māori Rates & Net Interest Rates
For the first time, 15,96.8 million restricted shares were awarded to 573 incentive recipients, and 2018q1 eliminated equity incentive costs. I. 2. Kareli beads and silvills are to be included in the priority review list. Shr 3680 pieces are to be successfully entered into the ii period.
Lists. Injecting carriedads is a humanized antipd-1 monoclonal antibodies that can combine with the human pd-1 receptor and block the pd-1/pd-l1 route to restore anti-cancer immunity to the organism, thus forming the basis of the cancer immune treatment. The treatment applies to relapses/irresistible cases of Hodki lymphoma, which have been systematically treated up to a minimum of two lines (including auto-breeding stem cell transplants).
There are currently no such products on the market in the country, and the same products listed abroad are Keytruda of Mercerdon and Odivo, ims. The global sales of Keytruda and opdivo in 2017 are estimated to be $3.5 billion and $5.3 billion, respectively. This priority review is expected to accelerate the listing of companies’ pd-1 heavy weight products.
The company's shr3680 shr3680 treatments for prostate cancer failed or used traditional hormonal treatments shr3680 successfully entered the iii clinic in the near future, with only the first generation of antagonists approved in China. The ims data show that the global sales of the same drug for the product in 2017 were approximately $3.27 billion, and China sold it in China.
In addition to the above-mentioned pd-1 mono-opinion, the company’s products, such as protein violet supremol and pelican, are expected to be marketed over time, and the entire product reserve fleet continues to provide the driving force for the company’s performance.
This year’s overall performance has remained at over 20 per cent.
So we maintain a “buy-in” rating. Company bidding for pharmaceuticals is lower than expected; approval of medicines is less advanced than expected; research and development pipelines are less advanced than expected; preparations are exported.