The income is rising faster than expected, and the new drug will be on the market.
Four quarters of the year saw rapid growth in performance, with a significant increase in R & D investment. In 2017, companies achieved major operating income of 13.836 billion yuan, an increase of 24.72 per cent over the same period; 3101 million yuan, an increase of 19.76 per cent over the same period, an over-expected increase in revenue.
The speed has increased significantly, and we believe that the main and Apadeni, after entering the health care system, are fast exporting preparations, amounting to 12.71 per cent, which has led to an increase in management costs, but has strongly supported the company's project development and Apadaloni's rapid release, maintaining a high growth in the image line.
The growth in corporate income is mainly due to oncological drugs, cinematography, and surgical anesthesia products. The anti-cancer drug generated $5,722 million, or 18.47 per cent more than the previous year.
Billion dollars, 44.85 per cent more than last year, ranked first in the domestic market in this area; surgically intoxicated products generated income of $3.60 billion, an increase of 19.71 per cent over the previous year, and continued to show steady growth.
The export of preparations has become a new profit growth point for the company, with $637 million sold overseas in 2017, an increase of 47.40 per cent over the same period.
Europe has been approved for a steady increase in the sale of products such as the injection of cyclophosphate. Companies have carried out their registration declarations on planned projects in the regulatory markets of Europe, the United States, Japan, other emerging markets such as Russia, South America, the Middle East, etc.
The products shr-1316, shr-a1403, shr 9146, shr 8554 and shr-1314 are allowed to conduct clinical trials overseas.
Innovative clinical trials for breast cancer have yielded good results, and have been approved for two years as another heavy weight of innovative drugs after Apagoni. The pd-1 clinical trials are also progressing steadily, and are about to be announced. The company is now using anti-cancer drugs, hands.
Research has focused on the use of psychoaesthetics, cinematography, major diseases and areas where effective treatment is not yet available. This has led to a huge product research and development pipeline. The company's innovative model has gradually moved from the initial “me-too”, “me-better” to the source of innovation.
Molecular drugs are converted to molecular drugs. The company, as the leader of the country’s innovation drug industry, is now in the harvest period for the development of the innovation drug, which has basically led to a positive development in the availability of the innovation drug every two to three years.
Corporate risks include, but are not limited to, the risk of failure in R & D, the risk of price reduction for medicines, patent risks, policy risks, leading enterprises in the development and production of domestic innovative medicines, innovation drug research and development in the harvest period, formulations
In the context of the growing concentration of the pharmaceutical industry, the industry's dominant position is highlighted, and the strong are always strong. We look forward to the company's future development, and we keep up with the "Increased Doo-doo geese."
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.