It's worth looking forward to the first quarter of 2018 of Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals (600276).
In the first quarter of 2018, the company achieved revenue of $3.857 billion in operating income in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 21.70 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $949 million, an increase of 16.95 per cent in the same year. The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies netted off non-recurring gains and losses.
The company collected $3.857 billion in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 21.70 per cent, a net profit of $949 million, a 16.95 per cent increase, and a profit-side increase in line with market expectations. The main reason for the slower growth in profits than income growth was mainly that the equity incentive was amortized more this year than last year, and 80 million in the first quarter. If the equity incentive was amortized, the overall non-profit increase would be 22.24 per cent, roughly commensurate with the rate of income growth.
In terms of the output, we have a third-party sample hospital terminal (pdb) which assumes that the product is growing at an approximate rate: the source of the financial boom in the East.
The cancer line (about 20% increase) is still expected to continue in Apadeni (only 30% decrease in the price of access to the health insurance list), Dositas, Oshalicon (about 20% increase): right America, heptafluoroalkane pulls, and others: Karpofin has been approved for production and phased in. The first innovative drug, Ere Schebb, is in the new health care catalogue and is on high speed.
During the period of growth, stable revenues are expected to reach 200-300 million, with overseas receipts of Dositas, HFCs, etc., approved in 2017. 80 million impact management costs are encouraged to be amortized, and other management costs, other than equity incentive costs, are well controlled. Corporate financial costs are stable. 2,pd-1 units of anti-Rima zolcon are entering priority approval, Shr 3680 are about to begin the ii clinical phase, and domestic innovation is about to reach harvest.
During the reporting period, corporate innovation research and development accelerated: pd-1 counter-proprietary: company pd-1 entered the iii clinical phase in April last year, production approval was prioritized in April this year, and this year it is likely that the disease will become a corporate innovation heavy-pound bomb. The global sales in 2017 were $3.5 billion for keytruda and opdivo, respectively.
RMB and $5.3 billion. The number of lung cancers per year in the country is 730,000, of which non-small cell lung cancers account for about 80%; the number of liver cancers per year is about 390,000; the number of cases per year is approximately 280,000; the remaining adaptive melanomas, nasal osteoporosis and typical Hodgegin lymphoma is about 50,000 per year combined.
At a price of one third of the price of Mersadong Keytruda, pd-1 can contribute $2.18 billion to the company. (Over 10 billion RMB.) The DPP has invested about R&D $156 million in research and development projects.
Approval, reflecting the super-efficiency of the company's project, is likely to be approved this year. Biphenyl sulfonol is a very short-lived intravenous and anaesthetic drug that works on gaba alpha receptors. It is structurally similar to midar sulfon, which is a tranquillized compound. The company develops the sulfonic acid of the sulfonyl sulfon, which has many advantages in physiochemical properties and is less toxic than sulfonic acid.
The company has invested some $41.9 million in research and development projects. Shr3680 are about to begin the ii clinical phase: Shr3680 is an arresistant intended to be used for detoxification failure or passivation.
The treatment of the failed hormonal treatment of prostate cancer has now been marketed globally for five arcupines, such as Bicaramine (first generation), Emretamine (second generation) and apalutamide (the new generation), with only the first generation of analgesics being marketed in China. According to the ims database, the global sales of the same drug in 2017 were approximately $3,277 million, and China ' s sales were about $109 million.
So far, the company has invested R&D costs of approximately RMB 42.5 million in this R&D project.
In January 2017, Karpofin was approved through the Priority Review Channel, the first replica approved by HS to HS, followed by HS tommy right nose spray for hydrochloric acid in the Priority Review Team, sulfadoxin to sodium injection fluid, hysterol injection fluid, papol injection, radial fluids, injection of purple filamentol (teprotein combination), sulfonic acid ammonium sulfate injection fluid (for the same production line, published in the United States).
See table 1 for an overview of the priority review species in HUNS 1.
The source of financial wisdom in the East is popular, with a lot of bright spots. With the benefits of heptafluoroane overseas, the power of the ammonium in the aqueous bank, and the new batch of carpofine in the country, the new admission to health-care and health-care metomy, and the arrival of the Apadaloni in the negotiating list, the company’s revenues are expected to accelerate to more than 25%.
Year after year, various species, such as Giuliani, pd-1, and Rimachlon, are getting closer. We look forward to the company’s long-term development, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
1st leader, 7th core member of the new wealth team in 2015 and 3rd core member of the crystal ball in 2015.
B.A., Pharmacology, Economics, Beijing University, and Kings Business School have three full-time students. They have been employed in research and research in China’s Galaxy Stock Company Ltd., China. With a multi-year background of medicine and economy, industry and capital, industry has combined its experience with capital work over many years, giving them a deeper and more contextual understanding of the functioning of the pharmaceutical industry, with more in-depth research and unique insights into the industry as a whole.
The research assistant gives an overview of investment opportunities, such as internationalization. Research with a doctoral-level logical perspective + ground-based research + hard work, especially on chemicals, medicine, etc.
An in-depth study and an in-depth opinion, an analysis of your own research views.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.