19k is cleared, heavyweight species are expected to be on the market in the near future.
Xu Wangyang, May 8, cfda website information indicates that Hsien Sulfur Phen non-Gelin injection fluids (PETI, 19k) are on the market (cxss1700005)
The approval status has been changed to "Designation - Pending Certificates". We expect that the health insurance catalogue will be adjusted in the near future to facilitate the long-acting g-csf replacement process, and the competition will be three-fold.
The mellitus of a particle cell is divided into general ellipticals, hormone-promoting drugs and particle cell concentration incentives (g-csf). Compared to the previous two, the mellitus incentive factors have greater efficacy and smaller side effects and become the main force in the drug market.
It's the first drug in the national and international clinical guidelines for the treatment of neutral particle cell reduction associated with chemotherapy, packaged, long-acting g-csf is mainly prepared through polyethylene diol modifiers, and in a chemotherapy cycle, often only increases competition in the company's product lines.
2. Heung Swe (600276) incident point: Capofin was approved for only 3mg and Chiru pharmaceuticals in the UK and currently in the UK for long-acting g-csf products.
Two new Sapphires, with a significant increase in the domestic effect g-csf, pdb data show that the sample hospital terminal was sold at $44.9 billion, an increase of 25608 per cent over the same period, and the share of domestic g-csf drugs is already fast.
Figure 2: The g-csf market pattern, which has led to an increase in the ratio of g-csf municipalities to 35.13 per cent in 2017, the readjustment of the health insurance catalogue, the weight of polyethanol, the group cell stimulation factor into the national health insurance category B, is expected to accelerate the whole long-acting g-csf replacement process.
In the first year of Neulasta’s listing, $464 million of income was earned with the advantage of treatment, and the neupogen market was squeezed and expanded in 2003. Thus, g-csf’s long-acting trend towards replacement of short-lived g-csf is likely to accelerate.
According to pdb data, the overall g-csf market grew with the listing of innovative varieties as g-csf was approved for the period 2015-2016. 45 per cent and 55 per cent, respectively, of quartz medicine and Chiru in 2017, and of New Ribbon since its listing in 2015
It's expected that Hsing-swee will be on the market with stone medicine and Ziru. 2. Research and development approval is difficult, and the price system is expected to remain robust, and with the influx of biomimicry, coupled with the low number of domestic competitions, we believe that the g-csf market is generally not the same.
The company re-declared production on March 24, 2017, and entered the priority review list on May 23, 2017. After the events of 722, the overall review was rigorous, time-consuming, and future entry was extremely difficult because of the stringent requirements of biochemistry and the difficulty of approving and imitating it, based on imms.
A study of the impact of drug entry revealed that the current market price reductions for various biochemistry products range from 15 to 30 per cent, with no possibility of a significant reduction in the price of chemical imitation (average 80 per cent), the size of the market, 3. The domestic oncology industry leads, and the unit collaborates to promote 19k later.
The company is the leader in the oncology industry in the country, and in 2017 it earned $5,722 million in anti-cancer drugs, an increase of 18.47%, or 43% of the total revenue, and is the company’s core development business. While 19k is used mainly for leukaemia therapy, we believe that oncology unit synergies will facilitate rapid release once 19k is on the market.
At the same time, despite the strength and the early appearance of fresh whites on the market, there are no scale effects, combined with the polyethyl diol recombinant human cell stimulation factor into the National Health Insurance B Catalogue, the whole long-acting g-csf is at a fast-growing stage, and the company is expected to take advantage of the oncology business at a time when the species is growing significantly.
III. Prospective and investment proposals: At the same time, the adjustment of the health insurance catalogue and the bidding for medicines will provide a steady flow of pharmaceutical products, a steady increase in the export of preparations, a rich stock of varieties and a large proportion of research and development investment will provide a constant incentive for the company to continue its development.
The company’s bidding for pharmaceuticals was lower than expected; the approval process for pharmaceutical reviews was less advanced than expected; the development pipeline was less advanced than expected; and East Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, had an investment advisory committee on securities.