The four-quarter earnings were higher than expected - the revenue from sales in the fourth quarter was 3.8 billion yuan (33.2 per cent over the same period), higher than our projection of 3.3 billion yuan, driven by the following factors: 1) a 47 per cent increase in the annual rate of the Shape agent. After the national price negotiations, the Apadaloni prices fell in the fourth quarter.
About 35 per cent, though the impact was offset by the spread of the new health insurance (we estimate that the revenue from Apateni sales in 2017 was RMB 1.5-16 billion). The net profit is the RMB income increase, which is attributable to the increase in R&D costs (41 per cent in the second half of the year).
Ni, pd-1 inhibitor, N.H.H., and Haektrapopa four innovative drugs ii/ii. In light of the investment in research and development, 20 to 30 firms at different clinical stages with strong capacity in new drugs, public clinical development and leading in anti-cancer drugs and anaesthesia
Business capacity, which we expect to see growth in 2018 and beyond, will depend on the upcoming new two-year milestone, with some heavy-pound products expected to be approved by the National FDA: 1) Pythro-deleni: a technical review of the pharmaceutical review centre has been completed, and the company has completed its review in April of this year.
Application for on-site examination on 11 November, which was the last step before the final approval of the FDA; 2) protein platinum violet ol: application for on-site examination in February 2018; 3) pd-1 inhibitor (shr-1210): we expect the company to use Hodgkin's lymphoma in the second/third quarter of 2018.
ii. Clinical data for new drug applications; 4) Innovative anaesthesia syrup, company valuation and risk - we increased the profit forecast for 2018/19 delay; 2) counterfeiting prices down; 3) overseas operations failed to meet the US/European cgmp standard
Therefore, investors should take into account that there may be a conflict of interest in their own company that could affect the objectivity of this report and should not regard this report as the only Heung Swe medicine (600276.ss) balance sheet (rmmn)--
Ratings since 14 December 2016 Income statement (rmmmn) Heung Swe Medicines (600276.ss)
I, Chen Ji Yee, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the above-mentioned company or its securities. Moreover, no part of my salary has been, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. The investment summary section evaluates the investment environment of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with its industry and market. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combined comparison of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the year’s projections of capital return indicators, such as croci, the average use of capital.
Rates of return and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market surpluses, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, and net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
We then rate the company against M & As from 1 to 3, of which one represents a higher probability of the company becoming a M & A (30-50 per cent), two has a medium probability (15-30 per cent), and three have a relatively low probability of Qantum quantum, a highly proprietary database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single company or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well in the long term vis-à-vis their global counterparts with excellent returns on capital, sustainable competitive advantages and effective management of risks to esg (environmental, social and corporate governance).
Industry is based mainly on screening for a comprehensive quantitative analysis of business performance in these three areas. Chen Chi Yi: a share of medicine.a A share of medicine is medicine: Beida medicine, Conkone medicine, Huadong medicine, Warland biology, Heung Swe medicine, Enhua medicine, Leathu group (a), Restar medicine (a), Collen medicine, Teg medicine, Tombo, Hua Hai medicine.
Statutory corporate-related disclosures Non-disclosure of specific information on Heung Swe Medicine (rmb81.08) Corporate ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions
The distribution of buying and selling ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy or sell list, which changes the investment rating of those shares.
Except for (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. (cs): We have suspended research on the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information does not make sense, because it is irrelevant.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.