On the evening of 24 August, the semi-annual report (601699) revealed that the company had achieved an operating income of 10,126 billion yuan, an increase of 99.49 per cent in the first half of the year; and 1,143 million yuan in net profits for shareholders in listed companies, an increase in the same year.
The price of coal as a whole has risen significantly from a high Māori price of RMB 526.66/tonne/tonne/, the combined sale price of the company's merchandise coal during the reporting period was RMB 526.66/t. The original coal production was 2001.887 million tonnes/t. Commercial coal sales amounted to 16.1281 million tonnes, of which 6.6749 million tonnes were sold in mixed coal and 4.8263 million tonnes were sold in blow-outs.
The Division’s operating income increased significantly, mainly because coal prices remained relatively strong in the first half of the year, and coal companies had the potential to make a profit. The rise in coal prices led to a 14.11 to 41.17% increase in the company’s gross coal operations in the first half of the year.
The impact of the rebound was higher, but the cost rate was reduced by 4.18 percentage points, and the net interest rate doubled from the beginning of the year to effectively optimize the structure of corporate debt and ease short-term debt service pressure. As the company’s flagship industry, powered coal and smelting coal were of good quality, and mining conditions were relatively high.
Well, each mine is a highly productive and efficient industrial well with 100% overall mechanization, representing efficient, advanced and cleaner production in the industry. In the context of the country’s supply-side reform, the coal industry is pushing out of production capacity, with no reduction in the replacement of advanced production capacity, and as an advanced production capacity representative of the environment.
In the second half of the year, the heat of the country continued to affect downstream electricity, the average daily consumption of coal continued to be high and the price of powered coal fluctuated. Added to the impact of the upcoming winter storage, the price of coal
In addition, the country’s increased capital investment has led to a recovery in the downstream steel industry, and the price of coke has been accepted by the steel industry and demand has been strong downstream. In the second half of the year, the company mixed coal and blew coal for profit, open-source securities, Inc.
The situation remains relatively optimistic. On the other hand, the continuation of state reform has given companies more thought about the city's gate, 5th floor, like space, where the Sant'Ann group, as Shanxi's leading coal company, is responsible for coal production in Shanxi, Naymong, Xinjiang, etc.
The region reserves rich coal resources, and the company injects expectations for the only listed platform under the SWF, the management capacity of the Group’s high-quality assets, greater elasticity in performance, and the future assets of the SWF’s flag.
Fig. 1: I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to present this report independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional attitude. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I have been, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.