The company's share price is more elastic, it's a high-quality coal standard, and it benefits from the mountains.
The acceleration of the transformation process in the West, and the firm's stated commitment to a stronger asset injection and overall listing, is only 12 times lower than the value of the lowest evaluated high-quality coal unit. Based on 16 times 17 years, coal prices nearly doubled, with a ton of coal net gain of $71. Twenty-two million in the first half of 17 years.
A 9.3% increase in the same year; 16.13 million tons of coal sold, a 7.5% decrease in the same year. The combined coal price rose by 96% to 527 yuan/tonne, mainly due to a significant increase in the volume of blow-out sales at high coal prices, resulting in better marketing structures. The unit cost increased by 34% to 250 yuan/t, and the cost continued to rise.
Gross profits increased by 880 million to 1.9 million yuan, the Māori rate fell by 5 to 33%, the operating profit rate and the net profit rate remained at 15% and 11% respectively. The cost rate fell by 7 percentage points during the period from the optimal marketing structure resulting from the increase in production and sales, the increase in the proportion of smelting coal, and
Cost control capacity over the expected period. 2 seasons saw a significant increase in production rings and a doubling of blow-out coal sales. The original coal production rings increased by 35 to 115.2 million tons in the 17th quarter, and the blow-out production rings increased by 43 to 3.75 million tons.
Charcoal sales increased significantly by 32 to 9.18 million tons, while coal blowers increased significantly by 104 to 3.24 million tons. Metallurgical coal sales increased from 23 to 35 per cent in the first quarter of this year. This led to a decline in market coal prices in the second quarter, although the company sold a combined coal price of $536 in the second quarter.
In the first half of the year, coal blowing rose to 33% of production, while the public administration was relatively good and cost controls were better. The parent company, Xianan Group, produced coal in 16 years.
Seventy-four.33 million tons, about one-fold of the company’s output. The group’s subsequent coal reserves are abundant, and there are high-quality assets like coal-oil-based coal-chemicals.
And positive companies, we believe that assets can be injected into the future. The firm’s stock price is more flexible, with a pattern of expansionary growth, which is underestimated, considering that asset injection is expected to be stronger, with only a 12-fold market gain in 17 years.
Smelting Coal, elasticity, Low Valuation, Qualifications for Portfolio Advisory Business
In the first half of 17 years, the company achieved a net profit of 1.14 billion yuan attributable to its parent company, an increase of 2,119 per cent, a gain of 0.38 yuan per share, which is consistent with the performance forecast. Operating income increased by 99 per cent to $10.1 billion per share, with a cost increase of between 72 per cent and 6.5 billion yuan per year, resulting from an increase in the cost of salaries, materials, depreciation, etc. of employees, resulting in a rise in gross profits.
180 to 3.6 billion yuan. Sales costs, management costs and financial costs increased by 56 per cent, 44 per cent, respectively. Production grew by 9.3 per cent, coal prices increased by 96 per cent in the first half of the year.
Coal prices increased by 96% to 527 yuan per ton, mainly from high coal prices, and a significant increase in coal sales led to an improvement in the marketing structure. The calculated unit cost increased by 34% to 250 yuan per ton, and the cost continued to rise. Ton Coal increased significantly by 238% to 277 yuan.
The average annual rate of $110 is still quite different. The coal business has a 41% Māori rate, a significant increase of 14 percentage points in the same year. The coal business earns 84% and the gross profits 97%.
We believe that the increase is mainly due to the growth in production and sales, the optimization of the marketing structure resulting from the increase in the metal coal ratio, and the ability to control the costs over the longer period that was expected. The production ring increased by 35% in the second quarter, the volume of blow-out sales doubled, and the optimization of the marketing structure.
In the second quarter of 17 years, the company ' s original coal production was significantly increased by 35 to 11.52 million tons, and the blowout production was 43 to 3.75 million tons. The company ' s coal sales increased significantly by 32 to 9.18 million tons, while the blowout was 35 per cent. This led to the company ' s combined coal prices in the second quarter, although the market prices fell in the second quarter.
536 yuan, 3% increase in ring ratio. The cost of coal production in two quarters increased by 17 to 266 yuan.
The company is a high-quality, high-quality metal-coal company with 43% of revenue in 16 years, 31% in production, and 33% in the first half of this year. The company is relatively well managed and has better control. The parent company, the Shanxi Five Coal Group, ranks the top 100 in Shanxi.
Three, four, three, four, three, three, three, three, three, six years of coal production, which is about one-fold of the company’s output. The group’s follow-on coal reserves are abundant, along with high-quality assets, such as high-end coal-chemicals, such as kerosene.
It's the clearest attitude, we think, is that assets can be injected over time. Companies have a better stock price elasticity and have an extended growth model, with only a 12-fold market gain in 17 years, and we think it is underestimated, especially given the higher expectations of asset injection.
August 29th, 2017, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray, X-ray.
Xianxing energy, Xiangxing energy.