The acquisition of assets and the increase in the value of gold have helped the company to perform at a higher level.
The profit of $503 million, an increase of 723.50 per cent over the same period, was mainly due to the fact that the net profit of the current consolidated Inner Moncour mine was fully calculated as a non-recurrent gain or loss over the same period last year: to achieve a per share of the gain (i) higher gold prices and a growth in copper and minerals contributed to the company ' s performance
During the reporting period, the company achieved a significant increase in copper production in the first half of China by issuing equity and cash purchases. 2020h1 produced 4.11 million tons of mining copper, 15.7 million tons of electrolytic copper, an increase of 337.75 per cent, 9.01 per cent, respectively, over the same period last year.
This offset a decline of 7.88 per cent in average domestic copper prices between $44494.10 in the first half of the year, or 5.19 per cent in the same year, and a rise of 18.49 tons in the production of smelting gold, a rise in the same year, as other central banks pursued ultra-optimal monetary policies to boost the economy hit by the epidemic.
Global gold prices increased by 25.94 per cent, 28.38 per cent to $1645.42 per ounce, 369.68 per gram, with a strong rise in gold prices; (ii) global liquidity is high and gold and copper prices are expected to rise.
2020h1 completed the acquisition of 60.98 per cent of the shares of China Harmal Mills and 90 per cent of the shares of Inner Mongolia Mining, and the assets of the reorganised subject matter were handed over and the production of copper concentrates, smelting copper and smelting gold increased significantly. In addition, the company increased its capital during the reporting period.
Source outreach and priority project development, cumulative investment in corporate geological prospecting in the first half of 2020 $115 million in capital-type projects and 3,000 tons/day expansion in Jiangxikin Hill to maintain monetary easing for a long period of inflation tolerance.
The exacerbation of geopolitical conflicts has raised market demand for risk avoidance, and gold prices are still in a favourable environment. And, with the revival of national economies, expectations of global economic recovery and liquidity have driven copper prices to rebound.
Companies have strengthened their copper mining and smelting operations by acquiring group assets, and the volume of copper has increased significantly. The company will benefit fully as a domestic gold business as a result of the global expansion of the broad currency and the continued rise in the price of gold.
3) Mine projects have not advanced as expected; 4) overseas mines have been cut off due to external forces.