Track control system pioneers, technology leads the dream for the future, China Commons (6880009.sh) depth report Investment rating: buy-in (maintain)
The control system's domestic market is entering an up-to-date upgrading cycle, with considerable offshore market space. According to the “145” target, railways will be added 19,000 kilometres during the period and the size of the control system market will total about 5073 - 9348 million yuan; given that at the end of 2022, the urban track operating mileage is approaching the target of 10,000 kilometres, the market size of the urban track control system will be in the 1405 period
In the area of railways, the upgrading and upgrading of the high-speed railways and the general-speed railway control system are estimated to be 10 and 15 years, respectively. It is estimated that the total global investment in railway infrastructure over the 21-year period 2020-2040, excluding China, will amount to $5137 billion.
The company leads the development of the country’s orbital traffic control industry, contributing to many technological breakthroughs. The company leads the company in a number of core technology and equipment preparations. The company has the first market share of the equipment in the ctcs-3 system, accounting for more than 90% of the market share in the industry.
The company’s full-scale control system product is certified as a global “passer” tsi. It provides a solid foundation for China’s high-end control equipment to “go out” by ctcs or ets.
Quantities; ongoing technological innovation and industry development by companies as the leading players in domestic control systems; risks to overseas operations arising from changes in the pattern of international relations by companies that are active in overseas markets, integrity, professionalism, soundness and efficiency;
Investment in national railway infrastructure falls short of the expected risks; Investment in urban rail transport falls short of the expected risks.
Track 01 Controls Leader, Deep-Sweet Research, 1.1 Track Traffic Control System lead business, investing in the world's leading industry groups.
China Express is the world’s leading provider of orbital traffic control systems. Companies provide integrated services for orbital traffic control systems that include investment financing, design integration, equipment manufacturing, system delivery, supporting engineering construction and maintenance, and focus on rail and urban orbital terminal markets.
Companies are leading players in the domestic rail control system. Companies provide goods and services for the development of orbital traffic by the National Iron Company, 18 railways and more than 40 cities, and many mining companies. Companies provide core-controlled technology and equipment to more than 95% of the country’s already operational high-ferrous iron; they account for about 40% of the country’s urban orbital traffic control system; and, according to statistics, in 2022, China’s main market share was over 50% of the 42 surface signal control system projects for which tenders have been opened.
Figure 1: Corporate development history 1.2 Corporations are large central enterprises under the direct supervision of the State Treasury Committee of the State Council
1.3 Core technical staff of the company have excellent academic background, first-line experience Figure 3: Selected core technical staff of the company and curriculum vitae presentation, first-line experience and academic background of the core technical staff of the 1.3 company
Chart 3: Some of the company’s core technical staff and curricula vitae (continued) Core technical staff have excellent academic background and extensive industry experience. Core technical staff of the company have a great academic record in the field of orbital traffic control systems and have been involved in a number of important national scientific research projects and have received many awards. In addition, the core technical staff have had a rich front-to-line battle and have been able to carry out their field for many years.
For robust core technical support. 1.4 Main business layout: Track Control System is Main business Chart 4: Main business layout and percentage of revenue in 2022
Integrity of design (24.26 per cent) (1) Systems providing orbital traffic control system-related products
Communications information system products Integrated services Integrated railways
Railway control system rbc module V
ctcs-3 class control systems ctcs-3+ato autopilot systems
Travel Service ctcs-2 Tier Control System ctcs-0 Tier Control System
Automobile integrated, urban track control, freight automated system.
hh Wireless comms, block the door.
cips end station integration fzl300, cbtc system 100000cal
Transavi, cbtc Automated Camel Peak Control System
Urban orbit fzl200.matc system atp
I'm a traffic expert.
Wireless communications Movement Control Automation and Inspection Communications Information System
Specialized cable, integrated video surveillance system for railways, integrated movement control system.
Integrator Information for Railway Passenger Services
Control and centralization system, station overlay, railway power smart operation maintenance.
Integrated wireless communication systems for locomotives, special wireless communication systems for urban orbits, urban orbits
1.5 Reverse upturns in revenue growth, and a continuing breakthrough in overseas markets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In 2022, the company achieved a similar increase in the value of new external contracts and a 4.85 per cent increase in revenue, owing to multiple disadvantages such as the overall slowdown in railway investment. The company’s collection structure was more stable and the rate of growth abroad was faster. The largest portion of the orbital traffic control system was accounted for by the segment, which reached 73.12 per cent in 2022.
In 2022, in the case of railway “four power” integration operations, companies managed to overcome disadvantages and rationalize their deployment and, while all efforts were made to secure new markets for high iron, actively planned new railway lines, local railway lines, existing lines, etc., ensured equal growth in the railway market. In the area of urban orbital signalling systems integration, the company contracted more than in previous years, owing to the failure of multiple priority projects to bid in the year.
On the overseas market, the company relies on the unique advantages of the whole chain of design R & D, equipment manufacturing, and engineering services, with the success of deep-dwelling territorialization and the implementation of the drive-for-promotion process, with a significant increase in the value of new contracts and a positive trend towards annual growth.
Figure 9: Net parent profit (billion yuan, per cent) for company 2018-2022. Figure 10: Māori segmentation and end-market performance for company-owned operations 2018-2022 (%) Net parent profit recovery (%). If the impact of the State ' s elimination of social security benefits (an increase of $301 million in labour costs), the increase in research and development costs (an increase of $204 million for the same year) and the return factor for large assets disposals are excluded, the company ' s net profit in 2021 was almost the same as in the previous year.
The overall Māori rate of the company is stable. The rates of Māori in equipment manufacture and design integration are slowly declining and increasing, respectively, while Māori in the rest of the portfolio is more stable; Māori levels in overseas markets are highly volatile and Māori in the rest of the end market are generally stable. Of these, Māori in railway terminal markets (27-30%) is higher than in urban orbital traffic terminal markets (20-25%).
Companies continue to increase their investment in research and development. In order to consolidate industry leadership, firms continue to increase their investment in research and development of new products, and research and development costs are on the rise overall, rising to $1.69 billion in 2022.
1.9 The ratio of accounts receivable and accounts receivable to operating income has increased, with the level of dividends at the top of the industry. Some of the rail, urban track and infrastructure projects built by the company have long construction cycles, large investments, slow settlement and recovery periods, and some receivables have a longer settlement and recovery period.
The company values shareholder returns, with a high level of dividends. While maintaining its own steady growth, it attaches great importance to a reasonable return on shareholder investment, with a new upgrade of the stock control system in 2022, and a wide market space for global railing.
2.1 China ' s multi-modal and coordinated orbital traffic consists mainly of rail and urban orbital traffic. Orbital orbital traffic consists mainly of railways (represented by general-speed railways, high-speed railways, etc.) and urban orbital traffic (represented by subways, light-tracks, trams, etc.).
In mid-2022, China’s interior city rail transport system reached nine systems, with 77,84% of the train’s share falling by 0.47 pct and 0.91 pct increasing faster in the city’s fast track. 2.2 In line with the policy guidelines, the rail industry has steadily developed.
The 14th Five-Year Plan for the National Economic and Social Development of the People's Republic of China and the Outline of Vision 2035 propose, respectively, the construction of a transport powering country for high iron, flat iron and urban rail traffic, which highlights the development of inter-city railways and urban (suburban) railways and proposes 3,000 kilometres of additional urban orbital transport operations; and the development goals set out in the Development Plan for the Modern Integrated Transport System of the People's Republic of China, which will open railways by 2025.
(c) Figure 17: The 14th Plan and the Framework of Vision 2035.
2.2 In line with the policy guidelines, the transhipment sector has steadily developed
We have 155,000 kilometres of railway operations and 4.07 per cent of cagr (2017-2022), of which 42,000 kilometres of high-iron operations are in steady proximity to the 1455 target. In 2022, urban orbital traffic operations took place.
9584 km, capr (2017-2022) to figure 21: 2.5 km of national urban orbital transport operations (km) from 2018 to 2022
According to China’s National Railways Group, the increase in the mileage of our new railways in 2020 and 2021 was significantly lower, and the increase in the number of miles of new railways in 2022 was 0.5 million, an increase of 35.14 per cent compared to 35.14 per cent. Moreover, during the period of the epidemic, the country’s railways were maintained at an overall high level of investment, with a small drop in investment of $71.09 billion in 2022, a decline of 5.07 per cent in comparison to the previous year.
In January-September 2023, the completion of our fixed-assets investment in railways resumed growth, rising by 7.10 per cent in comparison with the previous year. 2.3 The impact of the epidemic has gradually faded, with a sustained recovery in the stagnating industrial chain and a positive recovery in the country’s urban orbital transport situation. New operating miles on the urban track since 2020 have declined as a result of the negative effects of the epidemic, including the impact of the epidemic, between 1 and 9 in 2023.
According to the Annual Statistical Analysis of Urban Orbital Transport, the country's renewable investment in urban orbital transport projects has been maintained at a cumulative high level, with a subsequent decline in 2020 and a subsequent return to growth trend, reaching 462,839 million yuan in 2022.
The orbital traffic control system includes the communication information system and signal system Definition of the orbital traffic control system: The orbital traffic control system is a system that supervises, controls and adjusts the conditions of the train's velocity and mode of braking, based on the objective conditions and realities of the train's operation, including the orbital traffic communication information system and the orbital traffic signal system, the corresponding communication engineering and signal engineering.
Figure 26: Composition and functioning of the "Four Power Systems" Figure 27: Orbital Traffic Control System Technology
Communications systems are the information base for the safe operation of railways. The main tasks are to provide voice, data, images, communication systems.
To ensure real-time, accurate, reliable processing and transmission of information.
The main role is to balance the relationships between the systems and to ensure that there is a balance between the systems.
The input and output of energy between systems ensures that the beacon and the communications function are functioning properly and that the electrical power required during the operation of the functions is not disrupted.
The basic premise for safe, high-speed operation is that a reliable orbital traffic control system is located in the inter-orbit industrial chain.
The orbital traffic control system is located in the middle of the railing industrial chain. From the distribution of the industrial chain in the orbital transport industry, the orbital equipment manufacture is located in the middle of the entire industrial chain, with the whole system being built into the core, with a higher market share.
2.4.2 The construction of the orbital traffic control system belongs to the post-station engineering orbital traffic control system at the mid-to-late stage of the orbital transfer construction.
In the case of the high-speed railway, which is represented by Kyoto, there are six main stages in its construction:
Pre-work, under-line construction and beams, sorghums and roads, orbital engineering, etc.
Post-station engineering and connectivity, where communication systems, signals, gasification systems, etc., belong to the station.
Post-engineering, the 20th to 38th month of the railway construction cycle.
Chart 32: Classification of domestic control systems The control system is the "brain and nerve centre" of orbital traffic operations. The train operation control system (SMS) controls the speed of the train by technical means, ensuring its safety and safety.
Efficiently operating control systems are an important part of the orbital traffic signal system. In China, different line control systems are applied depending on the different types of orbital traffic.
Application to urban orbital traffic. Chart 30: Basic features of the control system Figure 31: Trends in control technology
Automatically, by displaying to the driver the signal that the train is allowed to run, the permitted fork locks contained in the main drive-in, the orbital zone, the maximum speed, the distance from the target point.
The speed of the train is controlled, and once the train gets too fast, it avoids derailing and colliding.
Over-per-permitted speeds should be automatically controlled by braking, tailings, etc., by arranging the trains to slow down or even stop, to prevent the same thing.
Incoming and control signals indicate that the train's orbital track is collided or tailed to achieve automatic train protection.
Substitute drivers for autopilot, no real-time monitoring of control-related equipment in the jurisdiction.
Drive, use autonomy to sense the forward barrier, use line information, train parameters, etc., and train status to adjust the train in a timely manner.
Automatic controls on trains, towing, braking, etc., make it possible to run plans, achieve real-time monitoring of the train's operations, keep the train in optimal condition and improve passenger traffic.
2.4.3.1 As the speed of railway lines increases, higher-level control systems are selected, ctcs Figure 34: Information on different levels of ctcs
ctcs equipment levels are selected according to the speed allowed by the line. 160km/h and the following passenger/cargo railways use ctcs-0 or ctcs-1 systems, 200km/h passenger/cargo railways use ctcs-2 systems, i
The 250km/h high-speed railway gives priority to ctcs-3 and the 300km/h and above high-speed railways use ctcs-3 as a unified technology platform. Multiple application levels can be achieved on the same line.
No, ctcs-2, ctcs-3 and ctcs-4 can be compatible below.
2.4.3.1.1 Equipment structure and operating principles of the systems ctcs-2 Figure 35: equipment structure of the systems ctcs-2 Figure 37: major equipment functions and roles of the systems ctcs-2
2.4.3.1.1.2.cs-3 equipment structure and operating principles Figure 38: ctcs-3 equipment structure
ctcs-2 train safety control principle: transport permits are sent through the Zpw 2000 orbital circuit, and the train-mounted equipment is based on orbital circuit information and is used to achieve safety control of the train's operation in conjunction with the answerr information. ctcs-3 is improved on the basis of ctcs-2. ctcs-3 is based on ctcs-2, the ground equipment is added to the wireless closure centre rbcc, and the vehicle is assembled atp
ctcs-2 module, with the addition of the wireless reception module. rbc in the ctcs-3 control system obtains information on the forward train position via a combination and orbital circuit and transmits information from the gsm-r wireless communication traffic to the subsequent train, which controls the safe operation of the train on board. 2.4.1.3cs-3 system equipment structure and operating principles
Chart 40: Controlled ground subsystems - Figure 41: Closed system technology radioblockingcenter (rbc): ground core equipment for ctcs-3 system, based on train status and locks provided by train atp
The combination path status provided by the device, orbital occupancy status, and the tsrs (system equipment centrally managed to achieve a temporary orbital traffic restraining order) provide temporary speed limits for the line, etc., which generate control information on the licence and description of the line for the controlled train, temporary speed limits, etc., which are transmitted to the vehicle atp via the gsm-r network to achieve control of the progress of the train.
ctcs-3 uses a quasi-movement containment. Ctcs varies according to the level, roughly in the order of the “fixed-to-move closed-to-move” virtual/move-to-closing plug”. The quasi-move closure used by ctbc-3 takes a step closer to the fixed closure of ctcs-2 on the security interval to control the train. 2.4.3.2 Technological developments in urban orbital traffic signal systems
Urban orbital traffic signal system technology continues to evolve. There are three main technical routes for urban orbital signals: cbtc, i-cbtc, and fao. Fao, i-cbtc are upgrading products based on cbtc technology, which is the main technological route in the current industry. The Vbtc system, which can further address communication and system convergence, is the current hot spot technology, and in the future, the autonomous virtual grouping operating system avcos will be the direction in which the traffic signal system will develop.
2.4.3.2.1 cbtc equipment structure and operating principles Figure 43: cbtc partial subsystems Figure 44: cbtc
The cbtc system can be used for various forms of urban orbital traffic. The cbtc system is a mobile closed system, where trains and stations are achieved or controlled by vehicle-mounted equipment, or by on-orbit communication equipment.
The exchange of information between the centres and the completion of the control of the operation of the train have the advantage of having a small distance from the train and a higher level of safety and reliability.
According to the World Bank, the unit cost of the Chinese railway project it supports is 89 million yuan to 123 million yuan per kilometer, of which the control system (communications, signals, and information systems) accounts for about 3-4% of the total cost of the project. According to the 14,500 target, the railway will add 19,000 kilometres during the period, bringing the total market size of the control system to about 5073-9348 million yuan, with considerable market space.
Figure 45: The World Bank-supported China Railways project has an updated upgrade cycle for the control system, leading to a demand for market renewal The orbital traffic control system industry has a need for periodic upgrades. In the railway area, because of the speed with which the high-speed railways and the universal-speed railway control system operate in orbital traffic
There is a difference, and so there is a difference in the upgrading cycle, which is 10 years and 15 years. The urban orbital traffic control system generally has a re-engineering cycle of about 15 years, but is limited by the relatively late period of large-scale development of urban orbital traffic in our country and by the relatively limited number of openings, and the current urban orbital transport upgrade market is temporarily limited.
The prospects for upgrading the high-iron orbital traffic control system are great. Until 2018, the main demand for upgrading the railway market came from the plain speed railway. After 2008, the construction of the high-iron system gradually reached its peak. Given that the life cycle of the high-iron orbital traffic control system is generally around 10 years, starting in 2018, the market for upgrading the railway control system will peak in the period from 2.4.4.22024 to 2026.
The price is about $1 million or more, while assuming that the new lines entered the upgrade cycle after 15 years in the year, the total market capacity for the upgrade of the highway from 2024 to 2025 would be about $6,022 billion or more. In addition, the income from the upgrade of the high-speed control system per kilometre would be about $2.5 to $3 million, assuming that in that year the new lines entered the upgrade cycle after 10 years, the total market capacity for the upgrade of the high-speed control system would be around 2024 to 2025.
2.4.4.3 Important participants in the railway four-power project: China ' s Central Iron Company, China ' s Iron Construction Company, China ' s Chase, China ' s high concentration in the high iron industry and high barriers to entry into the industry. More than 90 per cent of China ' s enterprises engaged in high iron construction, consulting and related activities are currently owned by China ' s China Iron and Steel and China ' s Iron and Construction Corporations Ltd., both of which are monopolistic in the industry owing to their early start-up experience and construction experience, as well as government support.
At the same time, China’s high-iron industry is capital-intensive, long-cycle, highly dependent on national policies and financial support, and has high access barriers. China’s iron and steel sub-units compete with China’s Trans-Congress in the field of railway “4 Power” projects.
The Chinese Railway has the largest market share of weak integrated electricity, accounting for 81% in the first half of 2023. 2.4.5 The urban track terminal: during the period of “145,” the new market space for China's urban track control system will be vast, and the market size of China's urban track control system will be well over 78.880 billion yuan during the period of 1455.
In the case of five subway lines in Beijing, Tianjin, Guangzhou, etc. in the country, the cost of the subway unit is approximately 540 million yuan, of which communications and signal systems account for 15.8 per cent and 2.71 per cent of the total construction cost, with an average construction cost of 8.5 million yuan and 14.7 million yuan per kilometer, respectively, depending on the customized requirements of the different projects. In accordance with the objective of the 14th Five-Year Plan, the city track will be built at an additional 3,400 kilometres, with a total market size of about 78.880 billion yuan;
At the end of 2022, the urban track operating mileage was close to the target, and the market size of the urban track control system would be well over 78.880 billion yuan during the 1455 period.
2.4.5.1 Main suppliers of urban orbital traffic signal systems in the country
According to the rt orbital traffic statistics, in 2022, eight signal companies (including the conglomerates) were responsible for 48 signal system tags. Among them, the Chinese Express (including the Casco and Tang City tracks), the control technology, and the conglomerates, each of them ranked one or two, out of a ratio of 50%, 23.98%, 15.33%, the cr3 to 88.78%, did not change the order of the top three companies in 2022 compared to 2021.
China’s competitive advantage in the urban signal market is evident in China’s traffic code, control technology, and crowd-based technology, and is well recognized by urban track users. Figure 56: Urban orbital traffic signal system project winning (%) in 2021: Urban orbital traffic signal system project winning (%) in 2022
2.4.5.3 The market for urban-track communication systems is characterized by a large and competitive number of participants in the urban-track communication system industry. According to rt orbital traffic statistics, in 2022, a total of 20 telecommunications distributors divided the communications system market and the competitive pattern was divided.
According to 21.5 per cent of the total winning bid for the whole year, China Chase Company (including TCI Shanghai Ltd., China Railway Communications and Engineering Agency Group Ltd., and the All-China Communications and Signals Research Institute and Design Group Ltd.), the winning bid amounted to 76.34.59 million yuan, or 17.32 per cent; and Nanjing Orbital Transport Systems and Engineering Company Ltd., third in line, the winning bid amounted to 425.1277 million yuan, or 9.64 per cent of the total.
Figure 58: Percentage of winnings for urban orbital communication system projects in 2022 (%)
After more than 20 years of development, it is now popular.
Nanjing Track Transport Systems Engineering Co. Ltd. has become China's leading brand for rail traffic communications.
• Hebei Far East Communications Systems Engineering Co. Ltd. has entered the field of orbital traffic, opening the era of digital communications in China's railways.
The Sino-Sing system was established as the leading brand for China's orbital traffic communications.
• Xu State Metro Information Technology Co. Ltd. Communication Systems, Anti-Integrity Platforms Market Share Industry Lead.
China Iron Four Group Electrification Engineering Co. Ltd. Tianjin Seven One Two Mobile Communications Co. Ltd.
Number of domestic service cities Number of national projects Number of international projects
• Henzhen City Haiqinda Technology Services Ltd. 2.4.6 Offshore terminal: there is room for development in the global orbital transport market, significant global capital investment in the European market continues to grow, and the European market becomes an important market outside China and abroad. Continuously according to Oxford Economic Research Institutes (oxfordeconomics)
Global investment in infrastructure is projected to increase from $382 billion in 2020 to $565 billion in 2040, or 1.88 per cent in capr. On a cumulative scale, total global investment in railway infrastructure is projected to reach $5137 billion over the 21-year period 2020-2040, excluding China. Of this, Europe is the largest area of investment in railway infrastructure in the future, except China, with a cumulative investment of $23,850 billion.
Forty-seven per cent of the size of the ball, and Asia (other than China) in second place, will reach $162 billion, or 31 per cent of the global scale. Figure 60: Global capital investment, 2020-2040 (US$ billion) Europe-Asia (other than China-China)
-America-Australia-Africa overseas terminal 2.4.6: There is room for development in the global orbital transport market, and European markets are significant; there are large differences in the orbital transport structure around the world. In terms of the global urban orbital transport industry, the urban track in all regions of the world is influenced by the phases of urban development and development patterns.
Global (except China and abroad) urban transport still has market space. According to UITP data, during the “145” period, global (other than China) urban transport increased by 1412 km, with Asia (other than China) taking the first additional mileage, reaching 667 km, followed by the United States.
The continent, with a new mileage of about 520 kilometres, still has an overall market space. 2.4.6.1 The market for global orbital signal equipment continues to grow in size and concentration. According to the qyresearch survey, the market for global orbital signal equipment reached its size in 2020.
106,773 million yuan, expected to reach 18.7672 billion yuan per year for 2027, with an annual composite growth rate of 8.77 per cent (cagr). At present, major global producers include the China Express, alstom, Japan, thalesgroup, Bombardier, Siemens, Handover Technology, kyosan, Communal Technology, Wabtecoformation, caf, Huati, Enret, which accounts for 60 per cent of the market for global orbital signalling equipment.
Railways are the main applications of global railway signalling equipment. They account for the largest share of downstream applications, accounting for 63.95 per cent of the total market output, followed by urban orbital transport, accounting for 36.05 per cent.03 takes on the major role in the development of national industries.
Science, technology, innovation, self-sustainability, the pioneers of the 3.1 track traffic control industry, accompanied by the development of our railways, led the development of our track traffic control industry, and contributed to the breakthroughs in technology products. The company was accompanied by major advances in the country's railways six times in decades.
The multi-generational orbital traffic control system has completed a number of major engineering and technological upgrades, leading to the first time in our country: the auto-closing of China's first semi-high-speed railway, the design and integration of China's first-speed 350-km high-speed rail control system, the construction of China's first all-country production track control system, the Dalian subway 3 project, and so on. The products developed by the company can be recognized as national unity: the development of zpw-
Figure 66: Major projects and technological upgrades completed since the establishment of the China Express, 3.2 Science, technology and innovation are strong, with a number of industry-led core technologies.
The company has advanced research and development capabilities and innovative capabilities in the field of orbital traffic control systems. In the great practice of helping the powerful countries to build, the company has evolved into eight core technologies represented by high-speed railways, underground train operations control, and the Integrated Cargo Railway System, which has become a valuable asset for the technological autonomy of the country’s orbital core.
Figure 67: The eight core technologies of the China Highway successfully developed high-speed, internationally advanced, and certified through international connectivity. The task of renovating the Kyoto high-speed 350 km and the Jingjin inter-city control system was successfully completed, allowing the Renaissance to rejuvenate.
Benz is on the country's vast land. The company has the largest share of the equipment market in the ctcs-3 control system, with 3.2 technology and innovation significant in the industry, and a number of industry leaders in core technology. Figure 69: Eight core technologies - China's high-iron autopilot system (ctcs-3+ato*)
- Urban orbital traffic control system (cbtc) China ' s high-iron autopilot system (ctcs-3+ato): the company successfully developed the first global 350-km high-speed iron autopilot system to achieve 350 km-h
Auto-driving, auto-busting, auto-run, hyper-speed protection and door-to-door connections Control, support for smart Kyoto Shen and smart Kyoto Zhang construction.
Successfully equipped with the Beijing subway 8 line, fully replaced foreign equipment, and innovatively connected urban orbital traffic in China, supporting the cross-line operation of different train-borne equipment trains, which were implemented in Chongqing, Xian, Changchun, Yuu, etc.
Inter-City Railway Control System (ctcs-2+ato): Inter-City Railways are equipped at speeds of more than 160 km per hour to meet high-speed, high-density, public transit operational needs between cities. For the first time at the international level, high-iron autopilots have been achieved, significantly increasing operational efficiency and in Guangdong.
Inter-Congress commercialization. ato*: automation, automating the train system, automating the system to guarantee the train's operation, automating the speed and operational state of the train, etc.
3.2 Science, technology and innovation are highly powerful, with many industries leading core technologies Chart 72: Eight core technologies - medium- and low-speed magnetic suspension control systems (matc), cargo assembly station automation systems (cips) Medium and low-speed magnetic suspension control systems (matc): companies
An autonomously developed medium- and low-speed magnetic suspended train operating control system with a minimum of three minutes between start-up, autopilot of the train, successfully equipped with the Beijing s1 line.
Cargo assembly station automation system (cips): the company's first worldwide network automation system with fully autonomous intellectual property rights to achieve the transfer of freight station vehicles and the transfer of vehicles to the United Nations system.
The grouping is intelligent, automated, enabling the country to move its goods to the highest level of efficiency in the world. It has been successfully applied to the largest grouping station in Asia - the North Station of Izhengzhou and Cheng.
Large cargo stations such as Dhuyang, Wuhan North, Guiyang, and more than 60% of the market.
Intra-professional construction model, an integrated transport movement information platform has been created to enable marketing and transportation plans, transport plans and movement orders, and transport
Production is closely integrated with construction, equipment maintenance, and information is closed. The first Chinese-wide standard polygon railway is successfully applied.
Integrated Intelligent Operation Maintenance Management System: Online security for all company on-orbit system equipment
Security and maintenance, real-time monitoring of on-orbit equipment such as high-iron, inter-city, urban orbital traffic, failure warning, failure location, re-emergence and automaticity
Tele-diagnosing, leading in the world, key subsidiaries of the railway terminals 3.3.1: Research Design Group covers the complete operational chain of orbital traffic. Research Design Group Group, complete and technologically advanced.
At the core, a complete business chain is formed covering specialized systems such as signals, communication information, electrical electrification, civil construction, construction, standard-setting, application development, design consulting, testing, integration delivery, manufacturing, and operation maintenance. The research and design complex has 80% market ownership in high-iron-controlled markets and advanced technology in the field of orbital traffic.
Figure 74: RSD main product rbc-tz wireless closure centre Iky btm-th answering machine reception module
Tsrs-th2 temporary speed limit server ds6-60e full-electronic chain crccc* official certificate.
Support for mvb, can, and ds6-80 security platforms based on an autonomous research and development facility.
The Gitton Academy has developed an autonomous rs422 interface, which replaces development, complete autonomous knowledge.
The property rights of ds6-80 security platforms ctcs3-300t, support c3 and e2
Develop, fully autonomous btm, well-developed self-leveled to meet maximum operating requirements
Check and monitor the records function, detailing the 500 km/h requirements.
The first in the country to go through baseline 2 for C2 and c3 high-speed delivery power, receiving links.
And baseline 3 double-edit EU faults, answering machine receivers, mt.c3-t100 vehicle-mounted radios.
ctcs3-400t Ikd2-t3 Autonomous Research and Development Based on the General House
Ds6-6 (safe platform, gssap security platform open)
Fully compatible with the 300t system, developed, fully autonomous knowledge, property rights, whole-of-industry chain.
C2, c3 and Ds6-60 security platform development, fully autonomous core technology support and protection based on the Institute ' s autonomous research and development
e1, e2, unique, with wide-temperature properties, and road property rights, with a full series of electronic implementation units, a simple, non-relayed electrical system
Deficiencies, 2018. Full function heat redundancy, exclusive support for egsm expansion.
It's easy to maintain, and the first home country through European country product certification, with strong back-up without crcc, has been applied to a tight structure, adapted to a variety of things.
Multiple passenger lines in the country, type of high-speed train, home country.
The first was certified through the EU tsi 3.3.1 Group of Research Design Institutes to cover the complete operational chain of orbital traffic
Zpw-2000a orbital circuit zpw-2000a.j3 orbital circuit gz-2007a asymmetric high-pressure pulse orbital circuits
xpw-2000a.tm transfer frequency pulsed orbital equipment obtained crccc certificate in 2017 and used 9 years of steady field use of zpw-2000a:j3 orbital circuits mainly for the general speed railway.
Crcc Certificates obtained in 2017 to replace 25hz orbital power, the world ' s largest-volume orbital circuits, fully applied to our high-speed railways and the general-speed railways, to prove their combined use of trans-frequency and pulse signature characteristics and to decomposition them together
There are more than one plus one transmission equipment, outdoor monitoring and intelligent diagnostic circuits, which solves the problem of station partitioning, insulation, break-wire inspection, with 99% of the high-iron market. The Zpw-2000a orbital circuit is in steel.
Insulated circuits, insulation burns, insulation checks, jamming of cars, etc., which significantly reduces the difficulty of orbital circuit design, construction, maintenance, etc., where indoor equipment has direct access to the entire electronic chain system.
All the difficulties encountered in recent decades in stations such as air separation inspection, multi-wire parallel interference protection, no orbital adaptiveness, insulation security, etc., are orbital circuit techniques and intensity, which have achieved the reliability and maintenance of a universal rail orbital circuit.
The technology is at the top of the world in the areas of Shen Shen, Chang, Zhang, Shen Ji, Xianji, etc. Another milestone in technology has been in Lanseng, Hadaka, Cheng Wang, etc.
The system was certified as crcc in 2019. Some high-speed and flat-speed railway stations, such as railways, are operational. Some high-speed and flat-speed railway stations, such as iron and the Khandan railway, are operational.
TY (j) series 11 electrolyte transfer machine
Zyyy Tracker, fully autonomous, 2016. Crcc., first in the country.
As a railway turn-over technology, certified through 3 tsi baselines, the Centre ' s permanent establishment,
The overall level of protection is ip67. Product. Integrated tailing structure, high safety, high performance and superiority.
For decades, it's been taking on the middle, the reliability, the price of the cold, the modular structure.
The national rail turn-off system has ice, snow, low-altitude installation conditions, which apply to the tight ground-laying installation.
We've got a lot of high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-speed, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech, high-tech,
It's been built to take on important charges, and the subway lines have been used in a lot of ways, and it's been a turn-over.
3.3.1 Group of Research Design Institutions covers the complete operational chain of orbital traffic Chart 76: Institute of Research Design main product zpw dz orbital circuit outdoor monitoring and fault diagnosis system
The stp-th wireless modem signal, the fork-to-go smart diagnostic system, the turn-to-go steel track break-to-track detection system.
Information is available on the train, which shows traffic monitoring of trains, locomotives, thrusts, attachments, etc.
Intelligent transport command platform (itp) The country's first global control transport platform, multi-specialized dispatching, multi-professional, multi-promotion, multi-promotion, multi-promotion, multi-operability, multi-operability, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-occupational, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-operative, multi-o-operative, multi-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-to-to-to-to-to-o-o-o-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-o-to-to-to-o-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to
The Bureau, station integration, taking into account the resources of the transport force, achieves the accurate compilation and real-time adjustment of the "One Plan" of the Road Bureau, and improves global transport.
Receivable site deployment, first-generation orbital failure 11-point positioning algorithm directly looped down the fault area, compressed down time for search, and extra-outdoor anti-retention component unbuttoned alarm.
Fork-to-go smart diagnostic systems can detect turn-to-fork devices on a real-time basis and turn-fork steel track break-to-orbit detection systems use vibration-based signal mode-based ftz-ctc dispatch concentration systems.
In the event of a breakdown of alarm function, evolution has no end, diagnostic function will continue.
A barbarous growth, fulfilling the promise of an orbital circuit expert at each station to achieve state monitoring assessment and failure diagnosis of the fork and its conversion system, which is already in a large number of high-speed and helium railways like Kyong Zhang, Kyouto and Kyun Shen.
An early warning function to meet integrated production maintenance needs applies to passenger/cargo blending, c2 and c3 different lines, and the railway company is built.
Movement Control, capable of dispatching the entire train to a dru-th-car-borne diagnostic record unit rd1 electrical heating turnoff snow system
Ikm-th-Agile Delivery System slte-m interface monitoring volatilization, comprehensive, real-time information,
Smart Analyzing Train Late, Automatically Adjusted Delivery Integrated Station Automation System (cips) China's first Integrated Station Automation System
All right, it's wide-ranging. It can be used for all kinds of auto-collecting download vehicles atp/ato types of operations.
To adapt to the development of wireless communication technology, the country's first-sized clustering stations, sector stations and technology stations have been developed in accordance with our railway fork in the country, as follows:
State recording data, sent to the Earth's boundary through wireless networks, constructed on the basis of single-equipment diagnostics, to achieve a systemization of the lte-m network and its carrying operations
Access self-control rate of more than 98%, for example, for snow-melting equipment in winter snow zones, for all surface servers, which can achieve operational status attp
Joint analytical algorithms to create an efficient disposal capacity: breaking global data monitoring, with precise malfunctioning, pre-market occupancy rate is the highest in the country.
Lines of class and brand-called towed type, line monitoring and smart diagnosis of malfunctioning.
(a) The capacity to complete the installation of the current state bureau on the Beijing subway line, with conditions for extension.
Field tests and application on Chongqing subway site 3.3.1 Consortium of the Institute of Research Design covers the complete operational chain of orbital traffic Figure 77: Major products of the Institute of Research and Design
Integrated Network Management System, Integrated Movement Control Information System for Railways
Railways are provided by the Integrated Movement Control Information System (IMDIS).
Integrated solutions in the area of movement control, system functionality covering rail transport, such as dispatch centre, station, cargo, aircraft, vehicles, construction, etc.
Ariva, we need to measure the sound.
Production-related departments and professions, through the integration of production data and the re-engineering of work processes for the transport of railways
Increased control to achieve a reduction efficiency goal, towed power station inspection robot, smart box towed power station.
Auxiliary surveillance system of the Towed Power Station.
Communications and Information Group (CIG) is a fully-owned subsidiary of China Chase, which specializes in the area of information and communications business. The CIG is committed to a communications and information industry based on orbital traffic, intelligent cities. The main operations include communications and information network advisory planning, design development, system integration, equipment supply, engineering applications, and network maintenance.
Growed to be a leading communications information system integrator in the industry and a dedicated product supplier.
Figure 79: Business performance of the Communications Information Group - Other areas Internal communications movement command systems Integrated electrical power works in the new airport working area in Beijing, electrical power work in the underground complex at the insurance estate in Beijing, intelligent use of the pilot section of the general corridor in the city of Fourth Ping,
Projects such as Beijing Capital, Shanghai Pudong, Shanghai Rainbow Bridge, Shenzhen Po-An, Guangzhou White Cloud, Chengdu Double Stream,
Xi An Xianyang and other airports Qinshan, Fuku Qingqing, Tan Wan, Changjiang, Red River, Ningdh, San-Yang, Yangjiang, Taishan,
Three nuclear power stations, Ring-Ao, Pakistan, urban orbital traffic, Cao-Cao-Cao, King-Tang, Huang-Dang, Sun-Sun
Hong Kong, Tianjin, Qingdao, Taiwan, Beijing, Nanjing, Changchun, Fatty, Xian, Foshan subway, etc.
Port docks such as Costa Ricana 3.3.3 Xian Industrial Group is the largest industrial base of basic equipment in the field of transhipment signals in the country.
Affiliated company, Orbital Transport Industries Group Ltd., is the largest base for the industrialization of basic equipment in the field of domestic orbital traffic signals. Its scope of operations includes: (a) orbital traffic control system infrastructure, information system infrastructure, electrical power system infrastructure, motor vehicle electrical control system equipment, orbital transport infrastructure system integration operations, raw materials, import and export operations for goods and technology, equipment leasing and testing.
Development and development work to continuously adapt the product structure and to continue new product development and technological innovation, while maintaining the pre-existing advantages in the development of orbital transport and electrical products. Figure 80: Xian Industrial Group's main product - urban-orbit traffic control systems, signal systems, motor vehicle products, other
3.3.3 The Xian Industrial Group is the largest base for the industrialization of basic equipment in the area of signalling in the country
A subsidiary company, the China Chase Engineering Bureau Group, is a national team in the core business, orbital transport construction. The China Highway Engineering Agency Group is the main producer of standards for the construction of signal engineering in China's railways, and is the Chinese company for the standardization of high-iron construction. With communications, signals, integration of information systems, and project management as its core competitiveness, it has high-speed railways, passenger shipping lines, speed railways, urban orbital traffic, architectural intelligence, smart cities, housing construction municipalities, and so on.
Fields such as airport engineering provide users with sound, satisfactory and safe orbital traffic control techniques and high-quality construction products.
In recent years, there has been a significant expansion of the company's network.
im technology applications, especially modelling processes and innovative model data for the base model library + engineering model created by the Kyotsu project
The use of methods has led to a significant increase in production efficiency, resulting in the " Bim application standards for railway signal engineering " , which are in place in the industry.
Tonto City, the core technology enterprise for autonomous urban orbital transport equipment, has the capability to implement the entire process from systematic research, research and development, integrated delivery to operational maintenance, has passed the International Railway Industry Standard (iris) and the Software Capability Development Model Integration (cmmi) Level III certification, has obtained the Certificate of Excellence in Information Systems Building and Service Capacity Assessment (cs4) and has developed the Interconnectivity Control System (i-cbtc) and the Full Auto-operability System (i-c-c) (i-c-c)
The new generation of networked smart control systems (nitc) is being developed and field-tested as a series of autonomous IPR-based urban signal systems.
Figure 85: Standardized fully automated mobile closed signal system (fao) — fzl300 system (cbtc3.0) New generation of networked smart control systems (nitc)
Standardly run fully automated mobile closed message system (fao) standardized mobile shut-down based on wireless communications
Cellular signal system (interconnection) mobile closed message based on wireless communications Case: Beijing subway line 12
29.4 km, 21 station, 43 train with a maximum speed of 80 km/h per hour, mobile closures based on cross-sense loops. Automation level up to Goa 4 level.
3.4.2 Cascow is the country's top supplier of urban-track control system solutions.
Casco's core operations mainly provide clients with an orbital traffic signal system resolution programme, covering the urban orbital transport area and the railway area. (1) In the urban orbital area: Casco provides customers with an urban orbital control system.
\triangleright Integrated Program, Sales of Equipment and Related Technical Services.
In the field of railways: Casco sells equipment directly to its customers and provides related technical services.
tdcs system equipment, interlocking system equipment, centralized monitoring system equipment, traffic control system equipment, control system equipment, etc. Kasco's urban-orbiting signal system always has the highest number of bid items. In 2021, the winning 14 projects accounted for 40.84% of the year and the second for the year.
15.30%; in 2022, the winning 18 projects, amounting to 39.80% of the year and 23.98% of the year ' s second. As of the beginning of September 2023, Casco continued to be at the top of the list of seven of the 18 orbital traffic signal system projects for which 16 lines had been opened.
Casco provides a nationally produced urbalis 888 cbtc system and a fully autonomous tranavi cbtc system. The system has integrated various mature modular subsystems, including auto-control of atp/ato subsystems on trains, auto-monitoring of ats subsystems on trains, inter-computer locking systems, data communications subsystems and maintenance support.
Two-way self-repair backbone networks and dedicated wireless networks provide excellent and efficient operational security for orbital traffic; complete automated unmanned technologies are being deployed on behalf of the highest level of application of modern automated control technologies, computers and communications technologies in urban orbital transport.
Figure 88: Map coverage of the urbalis 888 cbtc system
A variety of modes of operation can be configured for multiple modes of communication.
Support for lte and wifi can be provided through a free wireless/wave catheter/cable program or combination.
The program provides a sdh or a job with an Ethernet, a dotted back-up, a chained back-up: as a backbone network.
Support for multi-light programs Normal/Blue/lights are equipped with system-level heat redundancy
Driving mode can form downgraded master control systems/wireless communications/signals, full-line support for hybrids, without worry.
3.4.2.2 Trans-Tranavi is the urban transit control system solution that Kasco has developed autonomously, and Trans-Tranavi is an urban track train operating control system that is fully integrated by mature technology with Chinese needs.
The system has the same functionality and security levels. Transnavi is made up of mature modular subsystems that can be tailored to the user’s operating environment and different needs. With advanced technology and better application values, Transnavi won the Silver Award at the 16th China International Industrial Fair in 2014.
Figure 89: Automation of orbital traffic routes
Multiple downscaling capabilities People/full autopilot mode: traditional dot/enhanced dot atp/ato backup, whatever dot atomode
It can be downgraded from one layer to the next, and it can be configured as required with the same comforts and stopovers as cbtc and parking or non-carriage switching patterns.
A variety of light options, multiple wireless transmissions, can provide lte-based migration depending on the specific needs of the line.
cbtc normal-state extinguisher, cbtc point blue light, normal point light transmission programme, free wireless transmission programme based on ieee802.11, cord transfer programme, free-wire +
The combination of the wave tubes, the multiple rail-side cable network transmission methods, are fully compatible with the urbalis 888 system.
People/full autopilot mode; traditional dots/systems that can be replaced by the urbalis 888 system based on tranavi configuration of sdh-based backbone transmission grids
Switching and connecting, with physical access to the network in the case of a mix of configurations, can also be configured as an industry operating safely and efficiently at present (Beijing Houseline)
Goa: The international standard (ec6229) defines four layers of automation (gradeofautomation network transmission, goa), from low to high levels of Goa1 to goa4, according to the degree of automation of the orbital traffic route.
3.4.2.3 The Casco QuATacs system is the first commercial tacs system in the industry. The Casco Quitacs system has achieved a new leap in the more traditional cbtc system.
Compared to the same conditions, the routing train using the tacs system operates at smaller intervals, with greater mobility and flexibility, and has achieved a new leap in the orbital traffic signal system, which is expected to be a new dynamic for moving the smart track forward. The system is now being used for the landing of 20 Shenzhen subway and will be used for the upgrading of the 3/4 upper Haiti train signal system.
Figure 91: Comparison of the theory of control of the tacs system with the traditional cbtc system
Casco promotes the use of ctc as a unified railway standard software. Casco provides comprehensive signal system products and solutions for speed railways, high-speed railways, and inter-city/city-wide rail transport, covering 18 railways; actively participates in industry standard-setting, where ctc becomes a standard-for-all software.
The task of commanding the movement has resulted in the management of innovative products that are intelligent in decision-making, including auto-adaptation of train operations, access and ordering of security card extensions, car information data sharing, integrated auto-mocking and practical training, and ato functionality applications. Many of the system ' s functions have been successfully deployed in Shenyang Bureau, Shanghai Bureau, Jinnan Bureau, Guangzhou Bureau.
Figure 93: Smart ctc Systems 3.5 Wide-ranging global operations, based on a "one-way" outreach overseas
As a leading provider in the field of domestic orbital traffic control systems, the company has a highly organized offshore market operation. The China Express actively participated in the construction of the "one-way road to export China's mature orbital traffic control technology abroad."
Some products and technologies are exported to more than a dozen countries and regions, including Asia, Africa and Latin America, in cooperation with Serbia, Pakistan, Uzbekistan, Ethiopia, Angola and Argentina, among others.
Figure 95: The company's overseas business case, Essel and even the first city in East Africa, the first fully autonomous intellectual property class in China, the first high iron in South-East Asia, the first Chinese standard iron in overseas countries - Javan in Indonesia.
The first full-line overseas track rail with Chinese standards is the Kenyan Moni Railway and the Car Operations Control System is exported overseas to the Light Track in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
3.5.1 The global `pass card' tsi is the `passer' for access to global markets, including the EU. tsi (technicalspublicationforinteroperacy) - the technical regulation of interconnectivity is the EU regulation on railway products, which must be certified for any railway products entering EU countries. In the field of rail transport, EU
On December 11, 2020, the 400t vehicle (atp) product, developed autonomously by the China Institute of Research and Design Group, was certified through the EU baseline 3tsi and obtained all four certificates of system-wide security sil4, dmi safety sil2, tsicb and cd, becoming the first controlled vehicle-car product in China to be recognized by the European Authority for Authorityal Tests and certified through the EU baseline 2 and 3 baselines tsi.
All the products of the control system (atp, rbc, leu, answering machine) have been certified through the EU baseline 2 and the baseline 3tsi, providing a solid basis for supporting the Chinese high-end control equipment to “go out” using the ctcs or etcs standards. Figure 96: Tsi certificates obtained by the company
3.5.2 The company joined uic to explore a new path for China's standards and products abroad uic is the world's largest non-governmental railway association. The International Union of Railways (UIC) was established in 1922 to promote the development of international rail transport, promote international cooperation and develop standards related to railways. uic thus far has 219 members in all countries of the world, of which China has 11 members.
The approval at the 102nd uic plenary meeting of the approval of the Group of China Chase Research and Design Institutes to become a member of the International Union of Railways means that China Chase is a member of the World Railway Community and has the right to participate in the uic standard-setting and global meetings, including the World High Speed Railways Conference, the holding of two annual general meetings of all members and meetings of members of the Asian region.
Figure 98: Information on members of the China General Institute of Research and Design Group published by the UICN
Investment recommendation 04 • The recovery of demand for railways and urban tracks in the company's key terminal markets will be accompanied by an increase in the resonance of the weekly renewal of the system of iron and steel control; the company, as the leader of the domestic control system, will continue to innovate in technology and lead the way
(a) Risks associated with overseas operations arising from changes in the pattern of international relations in terms of integrity, professionalism, soundness and efficiency;
Investment in urban orbital transport does not meet the expected risks.
Maozheng: Masters in Materials, University of Mudan, five-year experience in commodity securities investment, Luzhoyang: Master of Studies, National University of Australia, four-year experience, Lu Chenjian: Master of Arts, April 2023, joined the Chinese securities.
He Chunyu: Master’s degree in Chinese securities in August 2023, which clearly and accurately reflects his research views. I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or because of, the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.
The information in the report and the views expressed therein do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities. The information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons who obtained the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions in the present report and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters, when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs.