The Bulls Group (603195.sh) has a long history of branding, and it's hard to find a match.
The Bulls Group, a leading domestic converter, wall switcher business that benefits from its powerful product, product, brand, and channel power, has been difficult to subvert. In recent years, the company has begun to lay out a fast-growing “ants market” in which the overall concentration of the industry is low, and the company is expected to be fully integrated.
To benefit from the growth of the industry, while taking advantage of the existing channels to quickly import new products into the new category, to achieve fast-quality products, channels, marketing, and to build a solid moat at the end of the product: a firm grasp of the consumer's needs, to position them differently into the market and to use the advantage of the channel to import them.
New items, eventually forming converters, wall switches, led lighting, digital accessories, four core items. Full emphasis on research and development, always innovative. Core monoliths have some pricing rights in the industry.
Traditional power companies, which are closer to the seafood industry, are hard to replicate. Moreover, the company’s “distribute visits” tool not only helps dealers to better expand their terminal points and maintain customer relations, but also, to some extent, strengthens control over channels, while policies such as “distributors’ sales discounts” fully mobilize distribution.
Marketing ends: initial brand positioning campaigns around “safe.” In recent years, many cross-border marketings have been organized around young user groups and efforts have been made to raise the profile of new products such as digital accessories.
• Expansion of engineering channels, expansion of new products, etc., provides an incentive for growth. In recent years, many consumers have begun to choose their own homes or refurbish them directly through home-loading companies, using traditional building materials. Fewer consumers are buying wall switches, led lighting products through market channels.
The company’s wall switches and led lighting operations are expected to grow rapidly as the dividends continue to be released. In addition, the company’s new product expansion provides an incentive for performance growth.1 The brand of bulls is well known, and the image of safety and durability is deeply visible.
Since its creation in 1995, the Department has focused on the development, production, and marketing of civilian electrician products centred on converters, wall switches, and plugs. Building on channels and brand advantages, it has gradually expanded to Led in recent years.
Lighting, digital fittings, etc., are widely used in electrical settings such as homes, offices, etc. Bull brands have thus become a home-known brand. 1.1. Development history: clarity, step-by-step
Looking back at the evolution of the Bulls Group, we can divide it into three stages: i, 1995-2006, where the company focuses on plug-in products with safety and durability at its core, differential competition with low-quality products in the market and a leading advantage.
ii. 2007-2015: the company entered the full spectrum of rapid expansion, continued product-end innovation, imported new products, channel-end full-to-line expansion, continued brand-end expansion through documentaries, star speech, etc. iii., 2016-present: the company re-imports new digital accessories, from marketing modes, marketing channels, etc.
Figure 1: Development journey: clear, step-by-step product innovation, import of new products, full expansion below-line.
Opens up to safe, durable products, uses channel advantage to import new products, overall positioning for younger ones.
In 2007, into the area of wall switches and plugs; In 2016, into the field of digital accessories; In 1995, the company was created to “use no”
In 2009, the channel-end implementation of “visit sales”; in 2017, the introduction of optimized management by external investors; and the positioning of bad spots;
In 2010, the channel established the Bulls Flag Shop, which has been used by power suppliers on the line; in 2018, the brand became nba Chicago, and in 1996 the company launched a special plug.
From 2010 to 2013, the brand introduced Dan Dan, an official partner of the Choi Bulls, to work together on animation and press a pressure switch;
(b) Cross-border cooperation in the promotion of Bull Adventures;
Since 2013, there has been continuous innovation at the end of the product, with the introduction of the power-resistant series, the ~2018 product-side launch of the line cooperation series, the office desk series, the usb series, etc.
In 2003, the company entered the field of light in Led in “Creating Safety in 2014”; in 2018, it sponsored the World Cup for Telecommunications Games;
(b) In 2015, re-engineer design 1.2, product coverage in the area of civilian appliances, and conversion and wall switches remain a focus
As of 2019h1, the company ' s switch and wall switches account for more than 80% of the revenue. The company ' s main products are now converters, wall switches, led lighting, digital accessories and related civilian electric appliance products.
Usb plugs, travel converters, etc., are currently selling products of 41 series, with more than 2,800 varieties. 2019h1 wall switches account for 31.10 per cent of the revenue and are divided into two major groups, namely decorative switches and white switches, and currently selling more than 3,000 varieties.
The led lighting business, which accounts for 10.78 per cent of revenue, consists of major products such as bulbs, lamps, etc., which are currently sold in 19 series, more than 200 varieties, mobile power sources, wireless chargers, etc., which currently contain 8 series and more than 200 varieties.
(5) Other civilian electrical appliance operations, which account for about 4.33 per cent of revenue, include, inter alia, circuit breakers, couplings, electrical tape, chassis, wiring.
1.3. Supply chain: The product is home-made, the conversion devices, wall-opening plugs and led lighting products of companies that have a stronger voice on the upper and lower sides are home-made, and digital accessories and other people are home-made, with electric appliance products dominated by oems. The home-made production model is mainly based on a model of “market forecasting + safe storage”
In the early stages of market opening, companies use oem production to fast-track new products to market, depending on market needs and cost reduction.
The construction of plants will be subject to home-grown capacity planning. Figure 3: Home-grown core products, supplemented by small-scale oem models, have a greater bargaining power over upstream raw materials.
Plastics, electronic components, etc., which are conventional materials, have a stable supply capacity and are not susceptible to shortages, and can mitigate the adverse effects on companies in the face of price fluctuations in large quantities of raw materials such as copper and plastic, given the size advantages of the company vis-à-vis upstream suppliers.
The distribution model of “prior money” leads companies to have a stronger downstream voice. In addition, downstream channels for company products are made up of hardware channels, community retail markets, commercial superchannels, power lines, building-lights specialized markets, digital distribution markets, depending on the type of product, and their main distribution channels vary depending on the type of product.
Vendors tend to use “prior payments” and therefore the receivable as a percentage of receipts remains at a low level.
1.4. Equity structure: The Nguyen brothers hold absolute shares, star capital holds absolute shares, star capital holds the shares of the founder, and star capital holds the balance. When the company is listed, the Nguyen brothers are in the dominant position as the real control of the company, holding 87.27% of the company ' s shares in direct and indirect ownership.
In addition, the high-speed highways under the high capital flag hold 2.01 per cent of the shares, further supporting the company's leadership in the industry, figure 7: Founder's absolute ownership, star capital, 2, industry space, channel sales are hard to match.
2.1. The civil electric industry has a large space and core business is in the vanguard of the industry. From a qualitative point of view, the demand for basic power connection products, such as company converters, wall switches, digital fittings, etc., has increased with the development of such industries as domestic electricity, consumer electronics, and real estate improvements.
The increase in horizontal levels and the continued increase in household ownership of products such as air conditioners, televisions, refrigerators, washing machines, etc., have provided a strong growth incentive for basic power connection products such as converters, wall switches, etc. In addition, the continuous enrichment and expansion of small household appliances has significantly increased the production of basic power connections such as converters, wall switches, etc.
Figure 8: Average household durables per 100 inhabitants of China has increased steadily in recent years — rural durables per 100 inhabitants: colour televisions — rural durables per 100 households: refrigerators
- Per 100 rural household durables: washing machines — average per 100 household durable consumer goods possession in urban households — air conditioners — average per 100 household durable consumer goods possession in urban households: colour television
- Average consumer durables per 100 households in urban households: refrigerators — average consumer durables per 100 households in urban households: washing machines 2.1.1, market size of converters in 2018 is approximately $8.7 billion, and bulls are already in the lead
According to our calculations, the size of the domestic converter market was approximately $8,707 million in 2018. (1) The average unit price of the converter in the market was about $12 per unit.
The average length of service of an enterprise ' s converter is 5 years, and the average demand is 20 enterprises. On the other hand, according to data from the Ministry of Public Security, the total number of households in 2018 was 45,561 million; according to data from the National Directorate of Commerce and Industry, there were 11,2 million households in 2018;
According to our estimates, the size of the converter market in 2018 was approximately $8,707 million, and the company ' s revenues from the bull group converter business amounted to $4,847 million, accounting for approximately 55.67% of the market, an absolute advantage. On the other hand, according to intelligence sources, the company converter rate in 2018 was 66.39% in Skycat.
In 2017, the “new country sign” policy raised barriers to entry in the industry and further consolidated the market position of bulls in converters. The “new country sign” policy issued in 2015 called for additional protection doors for converters, coarse power lines, enhanced material flame retardation, and four new requirements for 3c certification.
The safety of the body and property has been accompanied by an increase in barriers to entry in the converter industry, with a large number of small workshops starting to exit due to costs, trades, etc., and a further increase in the leading share of the converter industry.
China’s wall switches are expected to grow steadily, with bulls taking the market first. According to China’s Industrial Information Network, the market for wall switches has continued to grow at a high-digit level in recent years, reaching 196 billion yuan (+10.1%) in 2018, of which bulls account for about 13.7%, ranking the market first.
Domestic wall switches are less concentrated in the market, and there is still much room for improvement in the future. According to Chinese quality certification, by the end of July 2018, there were about 1400 manufacturers in the wall switch plugs industry certified through 3c. There are now more competitors in the industry, and homogenization is significant.
As products move in the direction of intelligence and multifunctionality, homogenous SMEs will be absorbed and annexed by leading firms in the industry, and industry concentration will gradually increase. Moreover, with the changing consumption channels for home buyers, engineering channels have become an important channel for wall switches.
Real estate developers gradually move from sales of furry houses to sales of finely equipped houses, while consumers of furry houses are also more likely to opt for renovations by home-loading companies, and therefore fewer consumers are buying wall switches through traditional channels such as the building materials market, and more and more commonly used in renovation works.
2.1.3, Led has a large market space for general lighting and a low concentration of “no white” policies that provide a good policy environment for the development of led lighting, which is expected to increase continuously in the country. With the government’s ban on the sale or use of incandescent lamps and the fall in the price of led products, ld
Lighting is fast developing, with domestic lighting penetration rising from 1% in 2011 to 61% in 2018, and global lighting penetration rising from 6.6% in 2011 to 42.5% in 2018. We believe that, with continued policy support, light penetration will continue to rise, thus contributing to the continued growth of the country ' s light market.
The “no white” policy provides a good policy environment for led lighting. Figure 12: The continued increase in domestic led lighting penetration, the low profit rate, which has led to the gradual withdrawal of foreign giants from the domestic market, and a gradual improvement in the competitive environment in the industry.
The competition, the lack of access advantages, and the high conversion costs of traditional lighting alternatives to led lighting have led to greater pressure on foreign giants to compete with domestic brands, and a steady decline in business earnings. Starting in 2014, Samsung, Philips, Oslan, Ge and I are gradually stripping the lighting industry out of the domestic market.
The country’s led lighting market is about $267.9 billion, with a low concentration, and bulls are expected to catch up quickly. The lighting industry is currently in the process of deepening its traditional lighting to led, based on the country’s semi-guided approach.
In 2018, the market size of Led applications in China reached 607.5 billion yuan, of which 44.1 per cent was used for general lighting, or approximately 267.9 billion yuan. In 2009-2018, the market size of the led general lighting market reached 281.62 per cent.
The top three companies, together with a simple calculation, account for less than 10% of the city and have a lower concentration. We believe that bulls, thanks to their branding and channel advantage, are expected to catch up quickly in the area of led.
The change in light from the traditional building materials market is gradually moving from the traditional construction materials market to the year-to-year increase in the size of the general light market in figure 14: the concentration of the light industry is still low
The rapid expansion of the domestic mobile Internet has led to a rapid growth in the consumer electronics industry, represented by smartphones.
The demand for digital accessories, such as data lines, chargers, mobile power sources, etc., has increased. As new consumer electronic products, such as ipad, smart watches, vr glasses, continue to develop in the future, the power supply connection and the digital parts product market in the country are in a period of rapid industrial growth, and there are no apparent leaders.
In 2019, 3c digital parts were sold at $40,689 million and 2015-2019cagr at 26.09%, a steady increase. As the industry standards for digital parts products are developed late or even without equivalent standards, domestic competitions are numerous, leading firms with a clear scale effect and brand advantage have not yet emerged, and bulls are expected to catch up.
In July 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Communications joined the Chinese Institute for Standardization of Electronic Technology in its first mobile power companies that comply with the General Guidelines for the Use of Mobile Power for Information Technology Portable Digital Equipment.
With the establishment of future standards for the digital component products industry, industry access thresholds and concentration will be raised by 2.1.5; core bull business is already in the vanguard of the industry with a clear competitive advantage; converters, wall switches are already in the vanguard; and light and digital parts operations are promising.
The bulls are already at the top of the switch, and we believe that the advantage is expected to continue, benefiting from the bull’s powerful product, brand, and channel power. The led lighting and digital parts industry, which has recently been laid out, is part of a fast-growing “ants market” with a low concentration of the industry, and the bulls are expected to benefit fully from the industry.
Growth to achieve rapid growth in related business. 2.2, products, channels, brands, building solid moats, 2.2.1, end of product: precise control of customer needs, differentiated location opening up markets, always innovative.
In our view, the company’s product layout strategy can be summarized as: precise capture of consumer demand in order to differentiate, positioning into the market, using channel advantage to import new products, eventually forming converters, wall switches, led lighting, digital accessories, four core categories. Moreover, due attention is paid to R & D, and the product ends are always innovative.
Looking back at the growth of the Bulls Group, in 1995 companies seized consumer claims about the quality and safety of converter products from the beginning of the company’s creation.
It started with the manufacture of high-quality plugs, and then upgraded the product to a “safe plug” in 2001, creating a distinct feature of the product. The subsequent roll-out of walls, led lighting, digital fittings, etc., has also captured the user’s needs and created a distinct position of “design switch”, “Ear-Eye-Led” and “digital fine.”
In addition to targeting products to capture consumer demand, the company’s pre-accumulation of channel advantages also provides a huge boost to the import of new products. The lights on the wall switch, the hardware channel on the converter, provides a powerful marketable channel for led lighting products and digital accessories products.
The company has long established an innovative advantage in consumer demand-oriented product research and development, with a product design and industrial design team of nearly 100 people.
The innovative design of the specially designed voltage switches, which replaces the pre-existing high-deficit high-reliability high-stability high-speed high-speed highs, is still in use in the industry. The company also continues to introduce new products with features and features such as power-resistant, mine-resistant, decoupled, child-protected, anti-magnetic interference, rain-resistant hydrates, weak power combined, smartwifi controls, etc.
The company’s core of monoliths has a certain pricing power, and the industry’s competitive advantage is beginning to emerge. We have selected a few of the same models from the official network, and a simple comparison of the labels, the magic plugs, and the wall switches shows that the company’s core has a certain amount of pricing power.
The price of bull products is at a higher level in the industry (walls are slightly lower than foreign brands like Philips). We believe that this high price-fixing capacity stems from the company's own branding effects, channel barriers and size barriers.
The company's core product converter is essentially low-cost civilian consumer goods, and the company's marketing model is now dominated by distribution, with nearly a million end-to-end outlets, far more numerous than traditional power companies, and closer to the taste-teating industry. We believe that the “visiting and selling” tool not only helps dealers sink and maintain better channels.
Customer relations, and to some extent, improved control over channels, while policies such as “distributors sales discounts” were sufficient to motivate dealers and increase their retention. 86.41 per cent of companies adopted distribution-based marketing models, mainly because the company's products were relatively low-priced.
In consumer goods, the adoption of distribution models can simplify corporate management and reduce corporate costs by reducing the complexity of company management of end channels and nodes.
The company sells to distributors on a buy-out basis, and the distribution system is flattened. The distribution system of companies is divided into line and offline distribution systems, where online distributors sell their products directly to consumers when they buy them from the company.
The distribution system is divided into three main systems: converters, wall switches, and digital accessories, each with a sub-regional exclusive distribution. The distributor sells the product from the company to the terminal point, sells the product to the consumer, closes to a million under the distribution system, and the vast distribution network is difficult to replicate.
Entering, the company has created an extensive network of fragmented hardware stores, day shops, office stores, supermarkets, construction materials and lighting shops, digital accessories stores, etc., which have established three main channels of hardware for bulls (including hardware stores, day stores, public stores, supermarkets, etc.), professional building materials and lighting, digital accessories, etc.
Several channels have expanded distribution points to a variety of locations in cities, villages, shops, shops, professional markets, etc., resulting in the formation of 10,000 hardware channels, nearly 100,000 professional building materials and lighting outlets, and more than 120,000 digital accessories channels, such as distribution visits, which have helped better dealers to sink their channels and maintain customer relations, to some extent.
The company's innovative marketing model of “visiting” under the line combines manufacturing and services, organizes national distributors in their distribution areas, equipped with specialized vehicles and professional sales service personnel according to the network layout and established lines on a regular basis, through training, support and in-depth services for distributors.
The advantages of distribution, delivery, visiting services and door-to-door sales are, in our view, the following:
(2) Strengthening control over channels: real-time control of company terminal prices, inventories, etc., making prices (3) improving knowledge of competitors: real-time attention to the competitor's “distributors discount policy” in the terminal shop channel has given sufficient impetus to the dealer's motivation and boosts the dealer's retention.
The distributor's sales discount policy, which supports distributors, can be divided into sales discounts, market development discounts, and market promotion discounts. The distributor's discount policy fully guarantees the profitability of the distribution system and motivates distributors.
Figure 19: Discount policies of distributors drive dealer motivation Sales discounts Market development discounts
Market promotion discounts • targeted at distributors and dealers
The company's direct sales channels are relatively simple, mainly direct sales by electricity dealers, direct sales below the line, direct sales below the line, and direct sales below the line.
As of 2019h1, the share of direct sales by company power suppliers, under-sellers and in the Upper Haiti area was 68.92%, 7.4%, 20.62%, respectively. Direct sales by electric dealers were directed to consumers through flagship shops run by companies such as Skycat, Kyundong, Bao and others.
Medellón, among others, and the company in Shanghai, sells directly through the terminal channels, mainly hardware stores, small supermarkets, convenience stores, etc. These end-users sell directly to consumers.
There is a national distribution network, with 100 per cent coverage of Chinese cities at the local level and above, with 90 per cent of the provinces in mainland China selling over 100 per cent. By the first half of 2019, the seafood industry had 5369 distributors. Its distribution model National layout: cities above the local level are fully covered, with district coverage expected to be more than 90 per cent;
(c) Channel flattening: in recent years, new entrants have been smaller in size and sunk to the village market; fast-tracking the construction of catering and electricity distributors. (3) Multi-distribution system: horse racing with the market, with more than two distributors;
(4) Channel control: stringent examination of distributors; 2.2.3, marketing end: from marketing around “safe” branding to rejuvenation of cross-border marketing The ultimate purpose of marketing brands is to allow consumers to buy the brand (products) in a given setting (channels)
In recent years, many cross-border marketing has been conducted around young user groups. A full-scale promotion of the brand's core values is “safe.” The bulls established “safe” in the early days of their creation.
The image of the plugs has been built around “safe” for years to come. In 2011, Dan, working together, pushed the concept of “small plugs, big safety” across the country, deepening the “safe” image of the bull plugs while deepening the safety consciousness of consumers.
In recent years, bulls have attracted attention from young consumers through cross-border and rejuvenated marketing. The bulls’ digital accessories, decorative switches, eyes protection, etc. are becoming known and accepted by young consumers.
In 2018, the bull became an official partner of the Nba Bulls, then became an official partner in the electronic World Cup, marketing brands around young people.
Figure 27: Bull appliance sponsorship of the World Cup 3; expansion of engineering channels; expansion of new products to provide growth power 3.1 Development of real estate and renovation market channels to drive wall switches; increased demand for led products
In recent years, more and more consumers have begun to choose to renovate their homes directly or through home-loading companies, so fewer consumers are buying wall switches and led lighting products through traditional building materials market channels. In response to this trend, the bulls have also started working with real estate and renovation companies.
With the change in the user’s consumption channels, engineering channels have become important channels for wall switches and light products. In recent years, real estate developers have moved from sales to sales of consummation units, while buying them.
Consumers are also more likely to choose home-loading companies for renovation, so fewer consumers are buying wall-opening, led lighting products through traditional channels such as the construction materials market, while the use of wall-openings as decorative materials, and the use of led lighting products in renovation works is becoming more common.
In the trend towards change of channels, the bulls have also strengthened their cooperation with traditional realtors and domestic companies. With the shift in distribution channels, the bulls have also begun to adjust the walls under the flag and the distribution channels of light products.
To become the preferred supplier of the best-fit houses or home-dressing platforms of the above-mentioned companies and to form a cooperative partnership with the cooperative real estate companies, which will become the brand of their wall switches and stores.
Policy-driven, small- and medium-sized housing firms’ involvement in driving the market down, and there is still much room for improvement. In 2019, there was a decline in the rate of opening of the pans, but it was more likely to be affected by the overall sale of real estate.
On the other hand, the participation of small and medium-sized firms has been increasing. In January-July 2019, the market share of the top 10 firms fell by 10 pct compared to 2017.
In addition, although the penetration rate of our home is expected to reach the policy target of 30 per cent ahead of schedule by 2019, there is still much room for improvement in the more developed countries, with over 80 per cent of their house penetration.
Increased participation of small and medium-sized housing enterprises  Provincial policy  Municipal policy  National policy jogjogjogjojjogjogjogjogjogjogjogjog
Figure 31: There is still a large gap between the penetration rate of the country’s sophisticated market and the developed countries, and with the continued penetration of the refined dividend, the bull wall switch and the light operations are expected to benefit fully. We anticipate that, with the continued increase in the proportion of the fine delivery of the real estate market, the company will set up the corresponding large customer business department.
3.2. The expansion of the new product category is expected to lead to improved performance. Companies focus on innovation in product research and development, guided by consumer demand, and are committed to the expansion of the new product category. In recent years, the Department has taken full advantage of the consumer pains and continued to enrich the product lines to meet the diverse needs of the user community.
With the expansion of the company’s new product class, performance is expected to continue to improve. The led business is full-scale, built around eye protection.
The product lines also ranged from the original, more monolithic bulb lamps, lightlights, tablet lamps, headlights, etc., to the production of outlets, digital appliance operations, sharp capture of changes in user demand for charge, and the creation of new products. In recent years, the high prevalence of mobile terminals and high use of sticky lamps have created a demand for user chargers “at all times”, accompanied by user chargers.
Changes in demand, bulls are active in plugs, digital accessories, and creating more personalized parts. For example, bulls are resistant to breaking data lines, snowflake wiring machines that solve electrical supply problems, web plugs to achieve "time-proof" bulls, wifi control plugs, paint-value charging boxes, etc. Future companies.
It will also accelerate product diversification in the context of its own strengths and provide users with a continuous experience of safe, intelligent, comfortable and easy access to electricity. Figure 32: Bulls continue to launch new products - mobile wifi control smart plugs
Figure 33: Bulls continue to roll out new items - anti-breakout data lines, 4 harvests are growing year by year, financial structures are stable, core operations are robust and harvests are growing steadily. Companies achieved a revenue of 9,065 million yuan (+25.21 per cent) throughout 2018.
2019q1-q3 achieved revenues of $7,532 million (+14.85%). We split the main income by product structure, yuan (+20.06%) and $2.797 billion (+20.46%) and combined income from two core operations as a share of the main income was maintained.
The Māori rate for the sale of a wall switch has been maintained at over 45%, and the Māori rate for the sale of converters decreased significantly in 2017, mainly due to the conversion of converters to the old and new country markers, the rise in raw materials leading to an increase in unit costs, and a marked increase in the Māori rate as a result of the decline in unit costs.
The Māori rate has remained stable and slightly increased as a result of moving towards stable-scale production. According to the offer note, the Māori rate for 2019h1 converters, wall switches, led lighting devices, digital accessories, and other major operations has increased slightly, respectively, in terms of cost of sales and management, mainly as a result of increased corporate access to technology development and market promotion.
In terms of R & D costs, the company’s R & D costs account for an increase in R & D inflows in terms of revenue and equipment, process improvements, etc., thus increasing R & D costs in 2017, leading to a slight improvement in the business structure, a gradual recovery in net interest rates and a significant increase in the company’s profitability.
In 2017, the company’s strategic reduction in converter industry increased when the “new national tender” policy led to an increase in converter costs. In 2018, the company achieved a net return profit of $1.677 billion (+30.45 per cent) and a net return profit of $1,753 million (+45.2 per cent) in the first three quarters of 2019, exceeding its full year level in 2018.
Receivables have a high turnover rate and a stable stock turnover rate. The company has adopted a model of “prior payments”-based distribution, under which the accounts receivable turnover rate is relatively high and stable overall. The slight decline in the accounts receivable turnover rate in 2018 was mainly due to the company's new commercial credit policy and credit support for dealers with financial needs.
High net interest rates bring about a much higher level of roe than their counterparts. Dismantling of bulls with comparable company roe shows that the ox group’s high net sales interest rate stems mainly from its high sales interest rate, which results from:
The Division has a higher overall Māori rate and a higher level of net interest rates as a result of well-regulated cost rates.5 Profit forecasting and investment recommendation (2), accompanied by a higher share of corporate income in wall switches, and a sustained increase in the Māori rate for converter operations, is expected to result in a higher level of net interest rates.5
We chose Opo (603515.sh), Foshan (000541.sz), Mio Group (1810.hk) as the main reasons for comparable companies: (1) Opo Light, Fuoshan Light as the home country's led leader, its product and bull walls
Switches, leds, etc. are in the local post-natal cycle sector and have a similarity. Channel end Ope has started to speed up the expansion of the hardware gate under the line, and is now close to 130,000 terminal points; according to the 2018 report, the Fushan Lighting Company Ji-da electrician has 7,626 terminal points, engineering channels.
Roads have also started to expand, and projects such as Wanda, Central Railways have now been signed. (2) Green rice plug boards in the miniature ecological chain are now the backbone of the company's core business converter business in the country.
It is difficult to destabilize. In recent years, the company-placed lighting and digital parts industry has been part of a fast-growing “ant market” with low concentration, and companies are expected to benefit fully from industry growth and to use their pre-existing channels to quickly import new products and achieve rapid growth in related operations, so we believe that there is a certain amount of surplus in corporate valuation over industry averages.
For the first time, a "buy-in" rating is given. Dealers manage risk: company sales are dominated by distribution patterns, and large marketing networks require companies to spend more human, material and financial resources to oversee and manage, if not effectively managed.
Companies face adverse behaviour on the part of distributors in building their channels and brand image, with the risk of price volatility of major raw materials: as the primary raw materials account for a larger share of the company ' s main operating costs, fluctuations in raw materials prices will be detrimental to corporate cost control and thus to profitability.
Pending litigation and potential risk of litigation: To date, there are pending lawsuits between the company and Jiang Sotoon for technology involving a patent for an invention and a new, practical patent, involving a total of 999 million yuan. Given that the Patent Review Department of the National Intellectual Property Office has declared Jiang Soto to be the subject of two separate lawsuits,
Li’s patent rights are null and void, Jiang So-tung has voluntarily withdrawn the related lawsuit against the patent for invention, and the Nanjing Intermediate People’s Court has dismissed Jiang So-tung’s lawsuit against Jiang So-tung for new and practical patents, and the company’s chances of losing the case against Jiang So-tung are very low, with very low risk of loss.
In addition, according to the statement of incorporation, in order to completely eliminate the potential adverse effects on the issuer of the above-mentioned matters, the company’s controlling shareholders have undertaken to compensate the company in full for such losses.