Civil electrician Ace, class expansion, re-launching 20st of 2020, research assistant Chai Ka Fai.
Since its creation in 1995, companies have been checking consumers for orientation, based on the quality of products, the traditional dominant position, and the expansion of new business.
The domestic market in the switching industry is over 50 per cent strong: the city of wall plugs accounts for 9.6 billion annual revenues, 1.68 billion profits, 36.6 per cent Māori, 51.6 per cent roe (distribution), wide channels, strong products, steady supply, and acelers for civilian electricians.
In late 18 years, there were 2,273 sales outlets, millions of points below the line, and the brand name of the bull is well known. 2) In terms of products, the concentration of the industry is painful and the main line of “safe” is tight, while the product line is well-developed and the quality of the product is very good.
In the supply chain, there is a strategic partnership with upstream suppliers to guarantee the quantity and quality of supply. The three main advantages of a company underpin its own leadership, a strong market position, a strong bargaining power, growth and long-term high quality of earnings.
▪ The advantages of converters, plug switches, lighting, and digital components are consolidated. The company’s industry has a breakdown of: 1) the growing demand for power retention, the spread of small household electricity products, and the expansion of product types, providing a growing market for power-connected products such as converters, wall switches, etc.
The city of the bull converter is well-established at over 50 per cent, with 13.7 per cent of the wall switch plugs ranked first and expected to continue to increase in share; 2) the demand for lighting and digital accessories market is growing rapidly, the industry is relatively fragmented, and the bulls are back-to-back, thanks to the branding and branding of traditional business.
It is expected to increase its share. It is expected that nearly $5 billion will be raised for this campaign, plus switch plugs, led capacity, to consolidate automated production.
Research and development centres, headquarters bases, informatization, channel terminals, etc. are large. Given the size of the corporate wall switch plugs, leds, etc., combined with the company’s comparable valuation levels, the future market share is expected to increase further, with high growth potential and public interest.
The Bulls Group is the country's leading converter, a professional supplier of high-end switches.
Switches, wall switches plugs, led lighting, electrical connections such as digital accessories, and the development, production and sale of electrical extension products are widely applied to the daily electrical scenes of homes, offices, etc. The Bulls Group currently has four manufacturing bases, including Seaguard, Ancient kilns, Quills, Long Mountain, and nearly 1 million underline marketing points, and has established good quality slogans and brands.
Visibility, leader of the market for converters, wall switches and plugs. 1.1. Based on traditional converter business, new products are constantly being expanded. Bulls are working deep in the industry for 25 years. They are demand-oriented, quality-based and form plugs, switches, led.
Since its creation in 1995, companies have been guided by consumer demand, based on the quality of their products, and have been promoting innovations in functionality, design and technology, starting in the area of converters.
The Cream Creek Bull was created in 1995 to create high-quality safety plugs. In 1996, the first pressure switch plug converter was used to upgrade consumer use.
In 2007, the bull officially entered the area of wall switches and plugs. The company took control of the consumer's decorative needs.
The product location of the decorative switches was identified, leading the way around the world in irr technology, breaking the design law of the wall switch by breaking the white, developing a series of "decorating" innovations such as crystal series, high crystal glass, and moving into the field of wall switches.
In 2014, it entered the area of light on the basis of its channel and brand advantages. The company was keen to recognize the importance that consumers attach to the health of their eyes, positioning them as products, introducing multiple flash, blue light-proof Led lighting products and constantly enriching the Led product lines, with new products such as lamps, simple lamps, light belts, etc.
In 2016, in response to developments in the consumer electronics industry, the company piloted digital accessories on a small scale, introducing such products as data lines, anti-filling appliances, metal chargers, mobile power sources, etc., and in 2017 began to produce and sell them on a scale scale.
1.2. Product arrays cover a wide range of civil electricians, with 33 series of wall switches and more than 3,000 varieties, covering a variety of basic functional products and products with various features: newly entered light on a 19 series, more than 200 varieties, digitally
The accessories include eight large series, more than 200 varieties. The company has constructed a well-developed product matrix that meets the diversity of consumers. Figure 4: The company's led lighting series has the best product lines in the civil electric sector.
Application sites such as plugs, lighting, circuit breakers, wire & attachments and digital accessories, participating companies include low-pressure electrical companies (zheng-tae, Delisi, Qin, etc.), as well as lighting, small-house electrical enterprises (Oup, Philip, Flying Electric, mill, etc.). The Bulls Group is deep-deep in the civilian electric industry, with the most complete product lines, covering the entire civil electric industry.
1.3. High profit growth, high profitability, good cash flow billion yuan, compared with 14.9 per cent in the same year, steadily increased from $4,453 million in 2015 to $9,065 million in 2018, leading to steady growth in core business; in new product-based operations, revenue from decorating switch products has been gradually raised, as noted by Led.
In 2017, the net profit on corporate returns fell slightly, mainly as a result of the price of raw materials and the switch between old and new standards, with a profit of $1,753 million, compared to +58.53 per cent in 2017.
In 2018, the market ended up at the end of the “new country sign” and, by way of a combination of corporate regulatory measures, the company’s performance improved significantly and its negative impact diminished. In 2019, the price of raw copper, plastic, etc., fell and profitability improved considerably.
The company’s share declined in 2015-18, with prices of raw materials falling back in 19 and the company’s Māori rate recovered noticeably. Gold currents continued to outperform net profits, and cash flows were excellent.
Figure 10: Roe continues to be at a high level. Figure 11: Operating cash flows (millions of yuan)
Since the start of the family business, the Nguyen Liping and Nguyen Xuping brothers are actually in control, holding 86.3% of the shares since their issuance, and the stock structure is stable. The total equity stock before the company was 540 million shares, with no more than 60 million shares in circulation. After their issuance, the Nguyen Li Ping and Nguyen Xu Ping brothers together held 86.3% of the shares, of which 32.3% were held directly, 54% were held in business through Ning Bo Liang, and 54% were in the market.
Actively introducing social capital. Seventeen years of real control, Nguyen Liping and Nguyen Xuping, respectively, transferred shares to Gao Xiaojin, Xiaozhou, investment, investment in Bewe, Qi Junbao, Sun Yong Fei, and investment in Sio Yuan, actively introducing social capital.
There are 12 fully owned subsidiaries, with a clear division of labour and a clear structure.
In 2015-2018, the number of corporate distributors increased from 1,869 to establish joint marketing centres to optimize marketing channels. The company established a joint marketing centre with a conversion camp.
The marketing system, the walled marketing system, the digital marketing system and the Ministry of Electricity Vendors are responsible for the distribution of their respective channels, while the Shanghai Bulls and Cream Creek Bulls are responsible for direct sales such as electricity dealers, supermarkets and direct sales below the Shanghai Line, while the Overseas Operations Department is responsible for offshore sales such as oems, offshore autonomous brands and cross-border power suppliers.
The company has a network of nearly 1 million companies and a network of entities under three channels covering urban and rural areas throughout the country. The company has created an extensive network of condensed hardware stores, handy shops, office stores, supermarkets, building materials and lighting shops, digital accessories shops, three main lines, namely, the public cattle hardware channel, professional building materials and lighting outlets, and digital accessories.
Tens of thousands of professional building materials and lighting outlets and more than 120,000 digital fittings. Stick to brand distribution patterns that focus on selling points, exploring new forms of stereo-transmission, and the brand name of bulls is well known.
At the same time, companies follow the trend of communication channels and modes of communication.
For 25 years, bulls have been working in the industry, and branding is very popular. Figure 15: Bull shop head sign. Figure 16: Bulls Group Working Together for Bull Trend.
In 2010, the company established a dedicated power vendor management team, which is working to develop electricity vendor sales through a combination of official direct and professional distribution. The company now has full access to power vendor platforms such as Skycats, Treasures, Kyundong, Trade Clubs, etc., and has opened up dozens of online authorized distributors.
In 2018, 66.39% and 26.08%, respectively, of the market for two types of Skycats, converters, wall switches, and plugs, increased their sales contribution, with a high Māori rate of direct sales. As the company continues to expand, the consumer sells to take over.
Incoming and profit-making contributions are gradually reflected in the amount of $346 million and $625 million and $834 million, respectively, in 2016-18. For electricity, the Māori rate is about 60% for Skycat and Kyundong stores.
The core pain of the plugs is “safe,” and the bulls are always holding the main line, and the high-end image is very popular.
The lack of technical barriers, the multiplicity of early market participants, the lack of overall quality and safety of products, “safeness” became a central pain point for downstream consumers. The bulls kept the “safe” main line of development, started with a safer button switch plug at the beginning of the start-up, and then defined a new class of “safe plugs” and gradually became the subject of follow-up.
In marketing, "protect electrical appliances" are introduced. Protection of people, "bullets" and other ads, such as "Big Safety" , have a deep image of bulls as "safes." New products are constantly being innovative, leading the direction of the industry.
In the area of converters, companies are constantly updating their products from the point of view of consumer safety and practical needs. The company’s research and development plugs, which replace the pre-existing high-voltage switches, are still in operation, in addition to the power-resistant, mine-proof, clean-up, child protection, electromagnetic interference-resistant, rain-resistant, strong.
New products, such as weak power combinations and smart wifi controls, have also been marketed on a continuous basis. The “Cube” plug-ins have addressed the unconscionable pains of traditional space use, and have led the industry to design currents; In the area of wall switches, companies are committed to meeting consumer demand for beauty.
(a) Addressing barriers to industrialization of technology and decorative switches, and successful promotion of decorative products to the general public, with a series of innovative products such as aluminum magnesium alloys, crystal glass, double-colour infusions, hallowed textures, crystal series;
In the new field of digital fittings, companies focus on meeting consumer portability and efficiency needs. Companies adhere to innovative ideas by introducing light-loaded electric treasures, digital fast-loaded data lines, etc.
Figure 19: Bull ' s Decorative Switch ' s Classes Figure 18: Bull's Cube Plugin addresses the pains of low space utilization
Quality management systems for the entire process of “product planning - product design - procurement - bulk production - post-sale.” Companies continuously increase their input into quality management and control of raw materials selection, procurement, research and development, and production processes.
Quality management systems have been set up and improved in the areas of product planning, product design, procurement, bulk production, post-sales, etc. More than 700 specialists in quality management, laboratory testing, testing analysis and product management have been set up, and more than 2,000 have been assigned to them.
Experimental and line automation testing equipment has established seven high-standard testing laboratories in the industry to ensure the efficient operation of the quality management system. Bull products have caught on to consumer pain points and became industry leaders in the early stages of the industry, while new products have been introduced over and over again.
Industry trends, and through strong product quality control, bring the high-end image of products to the hearts and minds of the population, with major products having a stronger bargaining power over consumers and higher end-sale prices.
Quality is at the core of the procurement strategy and strategic partnerships are established. Companies implement a rigorous vendor access process at the procurement end, and procurement and quality, production, etc. are involved in the evaluation of suppliers. Most of the key raw materials such as company plastics, copper, etc. have long-term and stable supplier partners.
The company uses oem production for plugs and a small number of relatively mature models to supplement production capacity. At the same time, new access to lamps, data lines, vehicle charges, mobile power sources, etc.
In the early stages of market openings, companies use oem production to achieve rapid marketing of new products, followed by home-made capacity planning based on market requirements and building.
The production model led to the gradual construction of an automated plant with a large-scale, automated wall-opening plug in the industry, which led to a significant increase in corporate intellectual manufacturing. In 2018, the ratio of Oem workers to company converters and digital accessories fell to 13.41 per cent and 69.25 per cent, respectively, and the proportion of Oem replacements for led lighting products increased.
Channels and product dominance have created a deep moat for the company, and stable product supplies have consolidated competitive advantages, consolidating the company’s dominant position in the civilian electric industry.
3.1. Industrial chains: master core technology, distribution channels, brand effects, and bargaining power The civil electricity industry chain consists mainly of upstream raw material suppliers, product manufacturers, channel distributors, and terminal consumers.
Price bargaining, a central link in controlling the industry, and greater profitability. Upstream firms are mainly copper-based non-ferrous metals, pc and ppp-based plastics, and electronic components, with large commodity price fluctuations likely to affect the Māori rate.
In general, electronic components are also conventional materials, with a timely and stable market supply; furthermore, the upstream supplier industry is less concentrated and generally smaller in size, and does not have the advantage of medium-sized manufacturers with an advantage of scale. But commodity price volatility may have an impact on the Māori ratio of medium-sized manufacturers.
On the downstream side, converters, wall switch plugs, led lighting, digital accessories are used as consumer goods for civilian use, mainly for sale through easy-to-market channels such as hardware channels, community retail markets, supermarkets, built-up lamps, digital parts markets, electricity dealers, etc.
The product of the wall switches is sold mainly in the built-up light market and in the electrical channel. Led lighting is sold mainly in the hardware channel, in the community retail market, in the commercial supermarket, in the construction light market and in the electricity channel, while the product of the digital accessories is sold in the digital parts market and in the electrical channel.
Firms with an advantage in size have established a system of distribution channels consistent with their own production and sales, and the products produced have a branding effect.
Substream demand for converters, switch plugs is most relevant to real estate and the architectural and decoration industry, and 1) real estate starts up at a steady rate. While the macro-regulations of real estate are increasing steadily, the overall area of new construction in China has been growing at a high rate in recent years.
The market, in particular long-term leasing, and the promotion of “rent-and-sale” policies, will contribute to the long-term and healthy development of the future real estate market. Real estate started up by 8.6 per cent in January-November of the same year, with a still high rate of growth.
With the gradual expiration of the useful life of the renovations, the corresponding renovation needs are being released. 2011-2018 has seen a steady increase in the quantity of electricity available to everyone. 2011-2018 has provided a growing market demand for power-connected products such as converters, wall switches, etc. After many years of development, electricity has become a necessity for the country’s urban and rural residents, air conditioners, electricity, etc.
Households of urban and rural residents of products such as visual, refrigerators, washing machines, etc. have continued to grow, and since 2018, the housing market has slowed down, and demand is expected to recover gradually since the beginning of the 20-year period. The demand for basic power connections, such as converters, wall switches, etc., has been increasing.
In the case of kitchens, there is a proliferation of small household appliances. In addition to traditional refrigerators, three sets of kitchen guards (oil smokers, gas stoves, sterilizers) and others, cooking, pressure cookers, microwaves, soybean mills, cooking machines, ovens, dishwashers, etc., there is a proliferation of small kitchen appliances.
Video equipment, air cleaners, vacuum cleaners, water cleaners, heaters, etc., will be enriched and will lead to an increase in the demand for power connections, and the expansion of the sector ' s market. In 2018, sales in the small household electricity sector reached $39.3 billion, 1.
The converter industry continues to grow in size. China is a major global converter consumer, and as the real estate and domestic power industries grow in size, there is currently no authoritative public data on the sale of 500 million converters, an average of $20 per year. The main players in the domestic converter market include bulls, Philips, Mi (power future) and others.
Since then, the size of the company’s sales and market share have continued to grow. The revenue from the business of the bull converter in 2015-2018 is 31.3/33.1/40.485 billion yuan, respectively.
It is estimated that bull plugs account for more than 50% of the country, ranking first on the bull converter Skycat Line in 2018, with 66.39% market share. The bull converter business is expected to maintain a more stable market share.
The market position is strong, deep barriers built through channels and product power are hard to break, and it is expected that the future will continue to maintain a relatively stable market share, with the growth of downstream demand and changes in product structure, as well as a rising share of outright sales, the Maori contribution of the converter business is expected to grow gradually.
2. The concentration of wall switches is relatively low, with the city of bulls accounting for 13.7 per cent of the first, the sector of wall switches is less concentrated, and the market of bulls accounts for 13.7 per cent of the highest. According to China ' s industrial network, the market for wall switches in 2018 was about 20 billion, an increase of 10.1 per cent.
Foreign competition brands include Siemens, Schneider, Rogram, Simon and Matsu: the main domestic competition brands are bulls, Jung-tae, Delisie, Oprah, flying sculptor and geese. The number of participants in the wall switch and the wall switch and the industry is 2,000, the vast majority of which are small and medium-sized enterprises with high product homogeneity competition and the size of their enterprises.
At the same time, market entry has gradually taken place through the acquisition of domestic firms or the establishment of sales agents by foreign brands represented by Resno, Siemens, and Matsuko, which have created a pattern of competition between TNCs and domestic and local firms, with a high level of competition in the market.
With the pre-emptive advantage of the converter, the penetration rate of the wall switch plugs is expected to increase gradually. The channels of the converters and wall switch plugs are highly integrated and easy to share, while downstream users also have high safety requirements, and the production advantage of the bull is expected to expand further, and the penetration rate is expected to continue to rise in the future.
3.3. Leed lighting has grown rapidly and has low concentration, and the bull is a new star in the industry has seen a rapid increase in universal light penetration, with the market expanding to 48 per cent in 2018 and 30.6 billion yuan in market size.
The penetration rate in the area of universal lighting was only 13% in 2010, industry penetration increased rapidly to almost 50% in 2018, led became the mainstream light source and is expected to reach 60%-70% in mid-2020. The market for universal light in the country expanded gradually to 2018.
The country’s led general lighting market, which is 30.6 billion yuan in size, has reached 50.34% in 2009-2018. The future growth of led lighting penetration and industry size will provide broad market space and profitability for participants in the industry.
On 1 November of that year, the China Road Map for the Phase-out of Incandescent Lights was published, which progressively banned the import and sale of common incandescent lamps; (2) as the public awareness of environmental protection increased, society became increasingly concerned about energy conservation and reduction, and the led lamps were characterized by energy-saving, safe, light-efficient, long-lived products that were increasingly favoured in the market.
The import and sale of >100-w common lights is prohibited. 1 October 2012
"No general light for import and sale >60w, no light for incandescent light >15w, 1 October 2014
On October 1, 2016, there was a large and dispersed number of participants in the industry, with a market share of 0.91% for bulls in 2018.
Nationally competitive brands include bulls, Ops, Rath, Sunshine, Fuosan Lights, Sunshine, Shirath, Lights and Woodlinson. The market for Opper Lights was 2.62% in 2018, while the top five markets were 7.46% in 2018, with a lower concentration of the entire industry.
The market for cattle light is 0.91%, and it is still a new star in the industry. Figure 30: Led lighting market in 2018.
The columns cover the full range of bubbles, lamps, straw lamps, reading lamps, lamps, smallpox lamps, etc. The focus is on the downstream “eye-guarding” pain spots, and the market share is expected to increase gradually in the future.
The consumer electronics industry, represented by smart watches, smart phones, has driven the demand for power connections and digital accessories. The high penetration and sticky use of smart phones have created a demand for “anytime and anywhere” charge, smart watches have gradually become accepted by consumers, and their charging properties have led to power-connected products and data lines, such as the Usb plug.
In addition to smart phones and smart watches, new consumer electronics, such as ipad, smart bracelets, vr glasses, are still emerging and developing, and will generate a growing demand for power connections.
Market concentration is relatively low, owing to poor standards in the product industry, where market participants are typically small and medium-sized enterprises that do not yet have significant size and brand advantages. The main competitive brands in the industry (third-party suppliers) are bulls, power futures, and Chinese winners.
With only 0.3 per cent of the city ' s power supply, the city will be able to increase its capacity in the future, thanks to corporate channels. Investment in three major operations, with an annual output of 410 million wall switches, and the construction of a production base; and (b) 400 million converter automation upgrades per year.
(iii) 180 million sets of light-light-base construction projects per year: 4) Research and development centres and headquarters-base construction projects: 5) Informational construction projects: 6) Channel terminal construction and brand promotion projects. (1) Converters: the company ' s domestic converter industry is now dominated by more than 60 per cent of the city ' s share and will continue with the industry.
(b) Wall switches plugs: the current concentration in the domestic wall switches industry is low, bulls as domestic champions are less than 14 per cent, industry concentration is expected to increase further in the future, and corporate fund-raising projects are expected to increase further.
(b) Table 8: The split-up is more similar to the projected (millions of yuan) technique than the low-voltage electrical industry, downstream is more similar to the small household electricity industry, and there is part of the lighting industry.
Since the converter industry does not have comparable main board listing companies, the selection of low-voltage electrical appliances, good beacons, the lighting industry ' s Oprah Light, Foshan Light, and small-scale electrical industries ' Soupor, Flying Electric Electrics are comparable companies, six of which are more than 20 times more than the average pe in 2020, taking into account the size of the industry ' s walls and wall switches plugs, led lighting, etc.
It's a domestic converter, and there's plenty of room for growth in other business. In combination with the company's comparable valuation levels, considering the company's large space in the industry of wall switches, lighting, etc., the market share is expected to rise further in the future, with high growth potential, macroeconomic downside risks: the company's main product is converters, wall switches, light and digital.
The cyclical fluctuations of the economy will have a direct impact on the actual disposable income levels of consumers, the income structure of consumers and consumer confidence indices, which in turn affect consumers’ access to electricity products, including civilian electricians.
Demand for consumer goods. When domestic macroeconomic growth slows or falls, it leads to a decline in the disposable income and consumption capacity of the population, which reduces consumer demand and purchasing power for civilian electric power products, thus affecting the business development and performance growth of companies;
2. New products have not expanded as expected: while companies have effectively refined their product ladders in relevant emerging areas, the corresponding market openings are relatively low, taking into account uncertainties such as high competition in related areas and changing consumer preferences, as well as the relatively low overlap between digital components, large customer channels and existing niche channels.
(b) Price volatility of key raw materials such as copper, plastics, etc.: the raw materials that companies need to produce are mainly copper, plastic, plastics, etc.
Components, hardware, packages, electronics, etc., have a correlation between the purchase price of raw materials and the price of large commodities such as copper and plastics. The share of direct materials in the cost of the main business in 2016-2018 was 85.78%, 85.07% and 82.79%, respectively. The purchase price of raw materials has a significant impact on the cost of the company’s main business.
Large increases or fluctuations in the prices of raw materials procurement will not be conducive to cost control by firms, which in turn will affect their performance, and they will be exposed to the risk of falling profitability.
Internationally well-known brands, along with such products as converters, wall switches, etc., as important control portals for future intelligent homes, have attracted many powerful new firms to join the competition. In the future, the civil electricity industry market is expected to remain more competitive, and there is uncertainty about the evolution of the market’s competitive patterns.
If a company fails to adapt to the new competitive situation, consolidates and expands its previous competitive advantage, it will run the risk of losing its market share. Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.