The Bulls Group (603195) light-work manufacturing. The King's position is unshakeable.
• Recommended logic: The company is the leading company in the civilian electric industry, forming a matrix of products centred on converters, wall switches, and plugs. The civil electric industry has a wide market space, and companies rely on the huge advantages of branding and channeling, constantly breaking through barriers to goods and achieving a rapid increase in city occupancy.
The new areas of brands, channels, development of niches and digital accessories have continued to expand, and support companies have continued to fly. The civil electricity industry has grown in size and concentration: the civil electricity industry has grown in size by about 400 billion,
The market for converters, due to its early development, high product standardization, high consumer brand recognition, and the size of the market, which is almost 10 billion, has become largely a bull-led industry with a city share of about 50 per cent + 2. The construction of the market sector, which is close to 20 billion, offers new opportunities in the rapid development of the renovation and rental of housing.
The creation of a competitive situation in which foreign brands dominate high-end markets, domestic brands dominate middle-end markets, and the opening of markets is 41 per cent in 2017. As domestic brands have become more competitive in terms of performance, prices, etc., industry authorities have further optimized and corporate markets have continued to rise.) Led has a high market potential and policy mechanisms in the lighting industry.
• Millions of distribution networks that create the status of bull kings: below the line, companies build flat-level distribution systems, points.
There are a large number of channels that cover all regions of the country, and there are effective synergies between the resources available to them.
On the line, the company has set up a direct sales team for electricity suppliers, with a combined three-year growth rate of 55.2 per cent, a 66.4 per cent market share for converters, wall switches and two categories of Skycats, and a continuous upgrading of brands based on innovation and quality: bulls attach great importance to the continuation of new technologies and new products.
Innovation, which always sees technology and R & D as important guarantees for maintaining the firm's core competitiveness, is driven by consumer demand, promotes functionality, technology and design innovation, produces a large number of new consumer-friendly products, and a “safe” image. Product quality and continuous innovation give companies a higher price than their peers.
The strategy is to enjoy a high degree of bargaining power in the industrial chain, leading to higher profitability and turnover, with a record of 41-fold, 34-fold and 28-fold performances, respectively. Since the Bulls Group is the leader of the civilian electric industry, and is just on the market, it has a certain new stock premium and a terminal premium, which is covered for the first time, with a “holding” rating.
Company Profile: Since its creation in 1995, the company has focused on the development, production and sale of civilian electrician products with converters, wall switches and plugs. The company, starting with the subsector of converters, has continued to develop technology based on consumer demand.
Newly, new products such as “safe plugs”, “design switches”, “love-eye-led lights”, “digital fines” have been developed, making the company a well-known brand with the intention of becoming “the leader of the international civilian electric industry.” After decades of farming, companies have established a powerful online and offline distribution network, with a net profit of $9.07 billion as of 2018.
16.80 billion yuan became the absolute leader in the field of civilian electric power. Figure 1: Corporate development history. Total stock holdings of companies after listing amounted to 600 million shares, of which 60 million were added to the list, representing the total stock after issuance.
A clear structure of equity and a high degree of concentration to facilitate efficient decision-making by companies, with a rich product, a matrix of products centred on converters and wall switch plugs, to fully meet consumer needs, companies are constantly developing new products, enriching sku, and improving the competitiveness of their products.
41 series, more than 2,800 varieties, 33 series of wall switches and more than 3,000 varieties. The newly entered led lighting consists of 19 series, more than 200 varieties, and digital accessories include 8 series, more than 200 varieties.
The number of plugs reached 31.1 per cent; the combined share of the two major groups reached 81.3 per cent, and the share of the first two categories decreased as the new items expanded. The share of the new product categories expanded well in the last three years and increased faster, with the share of light units reaching 10.8 per cent, and the ratio of digital accessories 3.5 per cent.
The annual upgrade of the new national tender has led to higher production costs and companies have not raised prices by the same proportion: 3) The sales of the low Māori-rate product led lighting and digital formulations have also contributed to lower profitability. Prices of raw materials (copper, plastic, hardware, etc.) fell sharply in 2019, and profitability increased significantly, reaching a net profit growth rate of 58.5% in 19q3.
The year 2019 was marked by a sharp rebound, mainly due to falling prices of raw materials. The company’s raw materials accounted for more than 80 per cent of the cost. The main raw materials included copper, pvc, hardware, components, etc., and the four major raw materials purchases of 219h1 amounted to 31 per cent, 14 per cent, and the raw material price decline contributed to a rebound in the Maori rate.
In terms of cost rates, there has been a continuing downward trend in corporate combined costs since 2017, mainly because of the low cost of sales and the low cost of sales, mainly because companies already have a leading industry and brand profile in the area of product disaggregation, and because of the relatively low cost of marketing inputs in this market. And companies tend to sell mainly to distributors, with stores dominated by hardware stores and distribution.
The system is mature and maintenance costs are relatively low. High Māori and low cost co-contributors have higher net interest rates than their counterparts, and net interest rates are constant at more than 20%, indicating a firm’s super-intended bargaining power in terms of products and channels, which is in line with the company’s high market in the industry.
Medium is inextricably linked to flatlined channel characteristics. Equilibrium. The reason why companies split up is much higher than their counterparts is that: 1) net interest rates are kept at a high level of 20% or more per year: 2) turnover of company assets is about 50% higher than that of their counterparts.
The collection ratio is greater than 1 and shows that the company has a strong bargaining power over the channel, and the company’s financial performance is excellent.2 Industry analysis: the civil power industry has a large market, with a continuous increase in concentration The civil electricity industry has a segmented market of converters, wall switches and light appliances, among others.
The market as a whole is about 400 billion. Of these, the converter market has been largely built up by its earliest development, high product standardization, and high consumer awareness, while the fenced, led lighting market is still developing rapidly, with a large number of participants, and the pattern is still being formed, and the bulls are expected to start new business through branding expansion.
Continuing innovation capacity, long-term accumulation of technical and channel barriers, and strong scale advantages have gradually become the civilian electrician market, with 2.1 converters: nearly 10 billion in size, with the bull-headed industry setting up (1) markets of nearly 10 billion in size, robust growth and high concentration
According to the offer, 66.39% of the bull converter was in Skycat City in 2018, and given the decentralized nature of the offline distribution network, consumer proximity, and the fact that the underline brand is more widely distributed than on the line, the company as a whole is expected to have either a higher or a lower share of the stock.
The company’s overall market share is 50%. In 2018, the total sales of the bull converter was 335 million and the price of the plant was 14.5 million yuan per plant.
On the one hand, in 2013-2018, the households of the inhabitants of the country experienced a steady increase in their electricity supply, with an overall increase in the number of households living in rural areas in excess of that of the city.
In the past six years, four categories of durables have grown by more than 20 per cent, with an average household air conditioner capacity of 100 rural households in 2018 more than double that in 2013. On the other hand, the small household electricity market space has expanded gradually, with a growing abundance of light household equipment items such as rice, microwaves, vacuum cleaners, etc., leading to an increase in the demand for power connections. In addition, smartphones have been used in recent years.
The rapid growth of the consumer electronics sector has released more consumption potential for the converter market. As of 2018, the number of Internet users was 830 million, of which 820 million, or 98.8 per cent, of the total number of Internet users, and the rate of penetration of our smartphones, calculated on the basis of the volume of domestically available smartphones, continued to rise in 2015-2018.
The high prevalence of smart phones has increased the market for portable converters. The demand for converters is expected to grow at a steady rate of 5-10% with the further expansion of small and large household power holdings and consumer electronics.
(2) Industry is highly concentrated, business leaders are prominent, and, after a long period of triumphs and failures, the market pattern for converter products is largely in place, with companies ahead of other competing firms with high-quality, multichannel, innovative branding advantages.
The market share is 42%, while the market share of the main domestic competitors is only 1% for the future of power (with the name Mi), and the market share of the key domestic players is the U-Lippe brand, while the rest of the regional small brands have 48% of the online market share, with high turnover of converters. In 2015-2018, corporate converter product harvests increased at a rate of 15.7%, and harvest performance is already far ahead of the lead market.
After 2017, the implementation of the converter ' s new national tender has raised product safety standards, increasing the production capacity and production difficulties of individual manufacturers, and new entrants will face higher entry thresholds, with some existing small businesses or industries being phased out for lack of effective production management techniques. The introduction of the new national tender is expected to result in a further clean-up of small businesses, with the leading company taking over.
By the end of July 2018, companies with the highest number of certifications for converter products in the industry, with strong technical barriers and bull group market ownership, were expected to increase further. 2.2 Wall switches plugs: the country’s product branding has increased rapidly in concentration.
(1) The size of the industry is nearly 20 billion, and the rapid development of the housing and renovation market has opened new opportunities. According to the Report on the In-depth Study and Prospects for the Development of the Market in China ' s Wall Opens and Ports, 2019-2024, published by the Centre for Research in the Creative Industries, demand for the products of China ' s Wall Switches was 19,660 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 10.1 per cent.
Wall switch plugs are electrical switches installed on walls to connect and disconnect electrical circuits to control lights, which are inextricably linked to the daily lives of the population. In addition to driving the electricity industry, the continuing development of the real estate industry and the growing demand for domestic clothing have also provided a stronger impetus to the growth of the downstream walls in recent years, in addition to the acceleration of the country’s urbanization process.
A series of national housing policies have been regulated, the housing market has gradually returned to rational development, the market for goods has shifted from rapid growth to steady growth, the size of newly built houses has been maintained at a relatively high level, and demand for home purchases is expected to continue to grow. At this stage, our housing market has entered the stock age, and the rental sector will become a new development opportunity.
The demand for long-term, short-term and day-to-day rents is particularly high in the dense first- or second-line cities, where tenants’ demand for residential environments and facilities is gradually increasing, leading to an increase in quality improvements. At the same time, with long-accumulated stock improvements expiring and corresponding renovation needs being released, the growing size of the market has increased the frequency of replacement and renovation of commercial office space.
Thanks to the new trends in the housing market, the construction and decoration industry has gradually developed into a specialized sector, with annual gross output rising from $15 billion in 1978 to $366 trillion in 2016, nearly 250 times higher. The steady development of the renovation industry is expected to become an important point of growth in demand for products such as wall-opening plugs, led lighting, etc.
(ii) Lead competitiveness is emerging, and industry patterns are further optimized. There are currently more than 2,000 manufacturing firms in China, including national industrial brands and foreign brands.
According to the market share of high-end products: National brands are concentrated in mid-market second- or third-line cities, mostly with regional attributes, and products are highly homogenous and competitive. With the widening of channels of precision, the demand for diversity in the design, functionality, and application of modern renovations on walls is stronger, with large and medium-sized domestic brands being given the opportunity to bend overcarriage.
A sharp insight into market trends, designed on a quality-assurance basis to accommodate the high 14 per cent of bull group ownership of the wall market in the year, up by 4 percentage points from 10 per cent in 2016. In 2017, the fence market was 41 per cent. The wall was opened as consumers' preferences for humanization, intelligence, customization increased.
Markets will be further clarified through competitive factors such as performance, prices, etc., leading to a gradual increase in industry concentration. 2.3led lighting: product differentiation, fragmentation of competition patterns, fragmentation of market patterns, industry penetration rates need to be improved.
We are a world factory for lighting appliances, with 220 countries and regions selling far-reaching products, and the domestic lighting market accounts for more than 20% of the global lighting market. According to statistics, the global lighting industry was 51.8 billion yuan in 2018.
Market growth has great potential, and policy mechanisms have led to a shift in the emphasis on lighting. Between 2010 and 2018, the led lighting industry achieved 41.4% cagr, and overall growth has been rapid. A good policy environment was one of the main reasons for its rapid growth. In the evolution of the universal lighting industry, the incandescent lights once occupied the market highlands, but as a result of its adoption.
Material radiation is emitting, energy conversion is less efficient, and the world is phasing out incandescent lamps, while the light lighting appliance is rapidly replacing the incandescent lamps because of its sudden performance advantages. The general lighting industry is currently undergoing a process of transformation from traditional lighting to led lighting, and since 2008 the country has introduced industrial policies for energy-saving lighting.
Support: On 1 November 2011, China published a road map for the phase-out of incandescent lamps in China, which progressively prohibits the import and sale of common incandescent lamps; in February 2013, China launched a plan for the semiconductor lighting industry, which provides financial support for enabling enterprises to make technological breakthroughs.
A step-by-step increase in the size of the market. In 2011-2014, the size of the country’s led lighting market expanded rapidly, increasing at the same rate as in 2012, 2014 and the new generation of information technologies such as the Internet, cloud computing, intelligent lighting, base lighting, and lighting in emerging countries will become new growth points for the led lighting industry.
Industry patterns are fragmented and companies have a lower share of the market. The Led lighting market is still in the Red Sea phase, with a large number of brands, and competition is intense. It is estimated that industry cr. 3 was about 7% in 2018, with low market concentration. Opo lighting has about 3.6%, ranking first, with the Bulls group now accounting for only 0.4% as a result of its entry into the entire market in 2014.
As the branding of the company extends to lighting, it is expected that the city’s share will increase rapidly.3 Corporate analysis: strong products, wide channels, building core competitiveness, through analysis of the company’s product strategy and channel development over the last five years, we believe that the company is leading an outstanding management capacity
The feedback from powerful brands, products and channels is creating a virtuous circle, building core competitions that are hard to cross together. 3.1 Pluralizes the Bull King's position. Bull brands are well known. They are related to their unique channel model.
In 2016, 2017, and 2018, the distribution income was 86.1%, 84.8%, and the company has also been active in expanding overseas markets in recent years, accelerating the global layout. The bulls have been working together on and below the line, not only to expand, improve, and optimize their marketing, establishing the bull’s leading position in the industry.
From the point of view of the distribution pattern, the company has set up a joint marketing centre, with three main channels for distribution, direct sales, and external sales. The distribution business is divided into hardware channels, professional channels, digital channels, electricity lines, etc.: Shanghai bulls and Cinders are responsible for direct sales such as electricity dealers, supermarkets and direct sales below Shanghai line: Overseas Operations is responsible for offshore oems, territories, etc.
Offshore sales, such as foreign-owned brands and cross-border power suppliers.
Corporate distribution systems include converters, wall switches, three main sub-line distribution systems for digital accessories, and a sub-sub-regional exclusive distribution system within three main sub-line systems. The company distribution model is characterized by:
1. According to company statistics, the network of companies has nearly 1 million sites, including nearly 730,000 converters, 110,000 wall switches, and 136,000 digital fittings, all over the country ' s municipalities, counties, townships, and some rural areas, with a large proportion of hardware shops and handy shops.
The digital component operations were carried out with a significant increase in the number of network points, and the number of converters and walled network points remained stable. As of 19h1, the number of public distributors stood at 2333, of which 1,449 or 41 per cent, or 1449, had started working together 15 years ago. Such distributors contributed 65 per cent of the company ' s revenues, indicating that the company was working with the core distributors to stabilize the company ' s development line.
Sixty-three of the top distributors have been able to achieve a steady and rapid increase in electricity sales, and the power vendor channel has gradually become a new weapon in the company’s marketing channels. Through its product marketing system, the company directly connects more than 2,000 distributors with a direct sale + flatten sales model linked to the end of millions of outlets, maximizing the efficient operation of the channels and resolving the industrial chain.
2) The company is managed by dealers and enjoys a higher bargaining power in the distribution system. The public distribution system is dynamic with the addition of the Forces nouvelles. In terms of sales, about half of the dealers sell less than 1 million a year.
The average sales value of a single network of devices is 0.56/0.22 million. Walled sales are relatively high, and the average sales of a single network in 2018 could reach $32,000. All three types of outlets have steadily increased compared to sales in 2016. Although the average sales volume is less than 10,000, the bulls have connected this million net, creating a powerful service capacity.
The low level of sales and individual stores allows companies to have a higher bargaining power in the overall distribution system, as can be seen from the turnover and collection rates of corporate receivables: the turnover rate of corporate receivables is much higher than that of comparable companies, the average amount of receivables is 5-6 days a week, the cash flow is healthy and the collection rate is higher than 100 per cent, indicating that companies sell downstream.
The “buy-out” sales policy is well implemented and the industrial chain is highly priced. Figure 34: The average sales value of a single point (millions of dollars)3 is in place to support the distributors and the distributors are more profitable. To enhance core competition in corporate channels
In order to maintain a long-standing and stable partnership between the company and the distributor, apart from the company’s long-standing cooperative relationship with the distributors, the company’s controllers provide individual loans to the distributors and a small amount of commercial credit support to the distributors.
In addition to the corresponding support policies, companies have given a significant share of profits to distributors to sustain ecological development, and corporate distributors have a very high profit margin among their peers. In the case of corporate powerful commodity converters, the Māori ratio has reached 37.4% for dealers, the Wall, and the Māori ratio for distributors has reached 45%.
Business profitability is relatively weak, with Māori rates of 32.7% and 20%, respectively, and is expected to increase significantly as sales scale expands. Bulls attract distributors with higher profit margins and stable marketing strategies, stabilize and consolidate distribution channels, ensure market position, and consolidate channel advantage in intense market competition.
4) Creates a “visit-and-visit” marketing model that integrates manufacturing and service industries. Through training, support and in-depth services for distributors, national distributors are organized in their distribution areas, equipped with specialized vehicles and specialized marketing services, which are regularly supplied, delivered, visited and sold at home in accordance with the web site layout and established lines.
Inputs, by directing distributors to conduct distribution visits, connecting small and scattered channels throughout the country to the network, and maintaining a long-standing branding model centred on adverts such as “shop calls”, thus creating barriers to marketing channels and bulls, which are difficult to replicate by their peers. Successfully spreading the brand of the bulls to cities and towns at all levels.
Disclosing channels and using them as an advertising tool, sales costs are much lower than comparable companies.
Direct sales by companies are divided into direct sales below the line and direct sales by consumers. Direct sales below the line are mainly commercial, superchannels, and offline channels in Shanghai. Direct sales by electricity dealers are the company’s trend in 2010 to cater for the Internet and new retail developments.
Among the outlets, the share of electricity suppliers was 68.9 per cent and the share below the line was 31.1 per cent. The direct sales revenue of electricity suppliers from 2016 to 2018 amounted to 3.5/6.3.830 million yuan, with a three-year compound growth rate of 55.2 per cent.
With a range of new and differentiated products that correspond to the rejuvenation of the online population and modern consumption patterns, electricity vendors have achieved significant performances. In 2018, the market for two types of Skycats in converters, wall switches and plugs reached 66.4 per cent and 26.1 per cent, respectively.
16-18 years have been at more than 55%, while the Māori rate is about 60% for Skycats, and Kanto stores. At the same time, company stores are usually higher than their own shops on platforms like Kyoutung and Ali, mainly because they are sold directly to consumers and at relatively higher prices, while platforms such as Kyoutung and Ali are sold on their own.
Relatively low product prices and reasonable profits from the platform as an intermediate channel. Figure 45: Relatively low Māori spreads in self-owned electricity shops, 3.4 based on innovation and quality, and continuous upgrading of brand power
The company has a full product and is focused on providing electrical connection products and led lighting for homes and offices, among which, converters and wall switches are part of the electrical attachment industry, light is part of the lighting industry, and digital accessories are part of the consumer electronics industry. The company currently sells products in 41 series, with over 2,800 varieties of converters; wall switches are part of the plug.
A total of 33 series, more than 3,000 varieties, covering a variety of basic functional products and features;
Bulls attach great importance to the continuous innovation of new technologies and products, always view technology and R & D as important guarantees for maintaining the core competitiveness of companies, and constantly increase their investment in technology and R & D in their development.
Specialized in market research, client interviews, demand insight, product concept ideas, and industrial design, building up outstanding production planning and industrial design capabilities. At the same time, the company has a dedicated research and development team for each product business, a branding and product planning centre, and a research institute dedicated to forward-looking basic research in Shanghai and Tsich Creek.
Vision research, product design, development of a three-pronged product innovation system and a strong technical team. As of 30 June 2019, companies had 1382 technicians of all types.
It's about understanding consumer needs and addressing client pain, which has always been the direction of innovation in the production of bulls. Since its creation in 1995, bulls have been guided by consumer demand, based on product quality, starting with the "plug" (i.e., converter) segment, constantly promoting innovation in functionality, technology and design, and developing a large number of new products that consumers love.
For example, the company's Cube Plugin received the 2017 F Award for Design of Products, with 22 prizes in the main design category. Companies view quality as the life of an enterprise, and are implemented strictly in accordance with national standards, in the selection of raw materials, procurement, critical point management, control of production processes, product inspection, after-sale services, and in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.
Purchasing -- bulk production -- tracking and managing the entire process after sale to provide consumers with safe and reliable products. To ensure the efficient operation of the quality management system, the company has more than 700 specialists in quality management, laboratory testing, testing analysis and product management, over 2,000 laboratory and line automation testing equipment, and seven industry-wide high standards of testing have been established
The laboratory, which has been certified by the cnas National Laboratory, the ulwtdp Laboratory in the United States and the related product certifications of ccc, vde, ul, nf, e, etc., provides solid resource assurance for product quality control. Table 3: Companies ensuring product quality at all stages of design production
3.4.2 Precision to create brand advantages. Brands are at the heart of market competition and are a central manifestation of the quality and strength of business. In the Bull development process, the word "portfolio" has always been the focus of attention. Brands contain not only a comprehensive concept of business and product entities, but also an enterprise.
A good brand not only facilitates the choice of products by consumers, but also shortens the decision-making process for consumers to buy them. The image of “safe” is very popular.
In this case, the bull does not compete with low-quality prices like any other business, but insists on quality to win people's hearts and minds safely. The bull first proposed the position of “making no-bad plugs” and introduced ads such as “protecting appliances and protecting people”, “small plugs and large safety” in marketing.
The bulls are not content with a single brand image, but not just the bottling industry, the bulls are constantly innovating a sustainable business mix. The bulls, in combination with their own business, are more accurate in positioning groups and their sons.
Brands, bulls form “safe plugs”, “design switches”, “Eye-Led lamps”, “Digital Fines” and so on, a sharp combination, gradually raising the brand of bulls from a single plug-in awareness to a combination of civilian electricians, with the aim of creating a brand image of “leaders of the international civil electric industry”, constantly raising the visibility and beauty of the brand of bulls.
A product-based, market-based, stereo-brand promotion strategy. Through channels and location advantages, brand promotion takes place in close proximity to consumers and combines television advertising, online media advertising, cross-border ip cooperation, traffic hub Newcom advertising, and so on.
As a result of the company's constant efforts, the bull builds confidence in the bull by virtue of the reliability and safety of the product, and the good brand image of the bull creates a strong correlation between the product. The company's brand value is also growing, and the Bulls Group has, for three consecutive years since 2017, placed a brand value of $8 billion, $11.3 billion, and $13.8 billion, respectively, in China.
The high quality of the product and the continuous innovation allow companies to have a higher pricing strategy than their peers, with higher premiums for the company’s products. With the bull’s efforts over the years, the high-end image of the product is well-known, leading the industry in terms of product appearance and performance innovation.
The main product is more competitive with consumers. In the case of major product converters and walls, among similar products, it is clear that bulls are priced over 3.5 traditional business poles and that new business is growing faster. In 1997, companies entered the converter industry and now have the highest market share in the industry, and in 2007 they entered the walled area.
The city now accounts for 14%, and in 2014 and 2016 the company entered the area of light and digital accessories, with a rapid increase in new business in recent years. We judge the public administration’s bargaining power in the chain by analysing the company’s pricing system, costs, and Maori rates for all types of products.
3.5.1 Converter: the "unequal rate increase" strategy takes over the new national tender market, profitability is stable Converter products have always been the company's "cash cow" business, which is fundamental to the company's brand, and its pricing strategy has also shown the firm's stronger position in the industrial chain. It can be seen that the price of the product has been rising annually from 2016 to 2019.
The converter product uses an “unequal percentage increase” strategy, based mainly on manufacturing cost factors, combined with a combination of market competition, future market trends, and its own Māori ratio strategy. At the cost end, the transformationer costs consist mainly of raw materials, labour, and manufacturing costs, with raw materials accounting for 80% +.
Since April 2017, the company has been fully producing and selling the new national tender converters, and since October 2018 has completely ceased selling the old national standard products. The 2017 upgrade has resulted in an increase in the volume of copper per unit of product, the addition of protective door processes and corresponding materials, and a rapid increase in the purchase price of copper, abs, pp, etc., and the cost of raw materials per unit during that period.
The combined increase of 30.6 per cent resulted in a higher unit cost of materials for the new national tender than the comparable national standard product, a significant increase in company costs, which, with the introduction of the new national tender, had driven the general increase in prices of products in the industry and, by reference to the variable cost factors, had adopted a competitive strategy of raising prices at an unquantified rate to reduce the grosser rate of converters, i.e., a small increase in the price of the product, thereby releasing a portion of the gross Maori.
From 16% down to 13% from the start, companies do not adjust the prices of distributors, which makes the distributors more profitable. It can be seen that companies take due account of the competitive environment of the industry during the standard conversion period, guaranteeing the level of profitability of the various parties in the chain, rapidly stealing to 19h1, due to the company ' s continuous increase in the value of the process and hardware, the increase in the self-production rate of the converter and the cost of raw materials.
The Māori rate has risen markedly. The self-reflection rate has risen from 5.9% in 16 years to 79.9%, and the rate of self-reflection has risen from 0% to 31.5%. The increase in the related process and production rate has led to an increase in labour and production costs per unit, but to a sharper reduction in the cost of materials per unit.
The converter’s Māori rate is significantly higher than that of two companies, and the company’s profit potential remains high, with a more obvious cost advantage in the form of “unequal price increases” and rising self-sufficiency of components. We believe that the strategy for future bulls remains to be dominated by market grabs while maintaining higher profits.
3.5.2 Wall switches plugs: product structure upgrades, profitability maintenance high Company switch plugs are divided mainly into decorative switches and white switches. Consumer demand for wall switches plugs has increased in recent years, and companies have continuously optimized the product structure and steadily upgraded the sale of decorative plugs.
The sales of decorative switches have increased from 27% to 43%. As the unit price of decorative switches is higher than the white switch (the average unit price for decorating switches is around $8, while the average unit price for white switches is around $5-6), the average price of company switches has risen as the share of decorating switches has risen.
In 2017, the company increased its resource investment in decorative walls and its sales ratio, while upgrading the structure of white switches, which contributed to an increase in average unit prices, thereby contributing to an 11.4 percentage point increase in unit prices of walled products in 2017: the company and the increased opening of the market for white switch plugs products in 2018, in response to changing market demand, partially offset the sale of white switches.
The impact of the small increase on the overall average price of walled products was reduced by a small increase of 1.2 percentage points in the sale of walled products in 2018. In January-June 2019, the unit price of the wall switches dropped by 11.7 percentage points, and the unit price of the sales of decorated switches and white switches fell significantly, mainly because the company had made a general increase in market openings in the business, on the one hand.
A step-by-step enrichment and promotion of sales directed at low- and medium-cost segments of the product, such as the new g06 series of decorating switches, on the one hand, and offers to distributors for grant price discounts and additional discount incentives, on the other, have led to a marked decline in the average price of walled products. Millions of items, up by 35.7 per cent from the same rate, increased by 29.9 per cent and 19.1 per cent, respectively, in 2017 and 2018.
Further achievement of the goal of fast-tracking the market share is attributable to the fact that the company’s unit price of its products has a significant downside space owing to a 12.6%, 7.4%, 15.4%, respectively, decline in the cost of manufacturing unit materials, manufacturing costs and labour costs of the wall during the same period, resulting in a significant reduction in the cost of a single block of products under the wall combined.
Companies have responded to the downward trend in costs. In response to the adverse environmental effects of external markets, the overall expansion of markets, the promotion of low- and medium-priced product markets, etc., various measures have been taken to benefit from cost reductions.
As an important boost to the growth of the commodity sector, 3.5.3-led lighting: the scale effect shows that the Māori ratio has increased and the company entered the Léd lighting sector in 2014, with a combined growth rate of 169% in 15-18 years.
The landscape is very fragmented, and while the company has been growing at a relatively rapid pace, it still has very low rates, and it is still in a low-morigin position. But with the company ' s increasing size and the rapid downswing of unit costs, profitability has increased significantly.
However, in January-June 2019, companies, by increasing their market openings, reduced sales prices by 22% in the range of products, mainly under 10w, and by 10w.
4.6%, resulting in a decrease of 8.9 percentage points in the average unit price of led lighting products. We believe that this is mainly due to the increased competition for low-unit led lighting products, with companies cutting prices to the market.
The decrease of 13.8 percentage points in unit costs is mainly due to the realization of efficiency gains and greater scale effects by companies through a variety of measures such as improved product design, material development, etc., thus absorbing the higher fixed cost-sharing effect of the introduction of new production bases, of which 12.7 per cent, 6.1 per cent and 26.9 per cent, respectively, of unit materials, labour and manufacturing costs drive Māori.
Figure 72: Trends in the Māori Rate of Led products 3.5.4 Digital accessories: Low Māori strategy captures the market Number of companies entering digital accessories in 2016 with major products such as data lines, car charging, mobile power sources, etc.
The product code is in the testing phase, opening the market with a low Māori rate strategy. 17-19h1, one of the main reasons for the decline in the unit price of digital component products is evident is the company's shift from high-end to mainstream consumption of products, especially data lines and mobile power sources. The product style is more rejuvenate and popular. To implement the new product strategy, companies have adopted a new product strategy.
Improved product structure, with a significant increase in the share of un-united Andre data lines sold, has led to a significant reduction in the value of the product. The Division’s product strategy has had a clear impact, with a marked increase in the volume of digital parts sold, with an equal rate of 18, 19h1 sales, while companies have gradually introduced self-formulation measures for plastic head and assembly processes to achieve product self-production and production technology.
Rising upscaling has led to a significant reduction in product costs; and, through R & D and product technology upgrading, the introduction of products that are more outward-looking and cost-competitive, such as aluminium alloy cars, has also led to a reduction in unit costs. The overall decline in sales prices has remained stable.
Assumption 2: Led lighting is still in the process of increasing penetration and is expected to remain above 10 per cent for the next three years
An average of 21 times the pe in 2020, but since the Bulls Group is the leader in the civilian electric industry and is now on the market, it enjoys a certain new stock and tap premium, which it covers for the first time, giving a “holding” rating. End-sales are not as risky as expected; there is a risk that raw material prices will fluctuate significantly.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.