On 30th of March 2021, the outbreak recovered well and the order was lifted.
The epidemic has a short-term impact, and the company's business in the epidemic is accelerating: domestic and international health institutions focus on helping the new crown, personnel and facilities involved in clinical trials.
The short-term impact on the operations of industrial and agricultural companies is reduced, domestic and foreign clearance requests are delayed, patients are in doubt about clinical trials and exit cases, and as the vaccination rate of the new crown rises and the disease control norm circulates market value (millions):
The number of clinical services reached 389, 115 overseas, and 20 international multi-centre clinics. During the reporting period, and on the basis of Beijing ' s Yoo Shincheng (medical translation team) and Shanghai Pharmacology (pharmacology cro).
Clinical trial-related services: The plate collected 1,657 million yuan, an increase of 14.56%.
Q3 operations were further resumed, and the industry was kept up for long-term development. The costs increased slightly, with fair value and investment returns contributing significantly. Corporate cost rates increased slightly, with sales costs, administrative costs, financial costs, R & D costs.
“Study by the Société générale d'écurité-Tegger Medicine (300347), 2020: a gradual recovery in business growth and further growth in project accumulation” is relatively large, mainly because of higher exchange gains and losses on the company’s shares in the port; cash flows from operating activities
The net amount of 998 million yuan, an increase of 89.30 per cent over the same period, is mainly a better condition for repayment, with lower cash flows being affected by project recognition during the same period last year. The changes in corporate investment returns and fair value have a greater impact, and the number of innovative clinical orders continues to rise, considering the resurgence of the epidemic, and we expect the company to collect in 21-23 years.
• Risk of brain drain: risk of fair value change: risk of exchange gain/loss, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.