On 3 March, the company released its annual performance report for 2024.
The company's sales rate of 29.16 per cent throughout the 24-year period, the same year +2.9 pct, influenced by factors such as the Māori rate of its equipment, Wu Xin Jing, and the short-term pressure, but the company's overall profitability increased, resulting from the company's re-establishment.
Planning product targeting, adjusting marketing strategies, optimizing product structure, gradually reducing competitive, multi-stakeholder and low-quality projects, and providing diversified, high-quality solutions to clients, while reducing operating costs, increasing operational efficiency and maintaining a certain level of resilience in core business profitability.
The company, with its leading technological and product advantages, extends the layout of the computing eco-business, introduces products and solutions such as storage, network security, big data, cloud computing, and completes the whole industry chain layout of the "chip-end-wine-calculation."
At the same time, a number of high-quality assets were invested, such as the Sealight Information, the Central Star Chart, the number of dawns and the China-City-City-City-City-Cyber: Ocean Light Information is a national chip lead company, with a 24-year high performance driven by the cpu+dcu dual-nuclear system; Dawn-Channel is an overall solution provider for data centres focused on liquid cold technologies, immersed liquid cold.
Technology leads in the country. The technological enterprises that are part of the country's all-state layout, including the i-infrastructure, the country's leading liquid cold technology, the basic software for the depth optimization of the ai chip, the original ai scenario applications, etc., the layout of the subsidiary has a stronger synergy with the company's top-end computer, storage, etc., and will be able to create a greater synergy between the company's main business of high-end computers, storage, etc.
On February 14th, Gwang-yun launched the Super-Integration Deepseek Super-Integration Machine, which is not only fully adapted to Deepseek v3/r1/januspro, but also supports a full series of quantitative distillation versions, which are compatible with owen 2.5.
llama3.2, chhatgl, etc., which meets the needs of the various business scenarios. The one machine uses a national production technology route, a national product x 86cpu and a national product gpgpu accelerator, and supports a mix of training and reasoning with full accuracy, semi-precision, resulting in a super-calculation value ratio that is appropriate for the country’s enterprises, governments, and governments.
Localization of clients with higher privacy security requirements, including financial institutions, is expected in 2025.
The future company is expected to contribute to a steady growth in its performance, drawing on the synergies of the entire industry chain. Unexpected risks; unanticipated downstream demand; increased risks due to industry competition. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The report is provided to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.