The efficiency of the operation has improved considerably, and the national production of the i-infrastructure has been firmly established.
• National intelligence leads by maintaining an “buy-in” rating of optimized production and marketing management, and significant efficiency gains, resulting in significant gains in profitability (2). Companies' profitability has increased significantly, with sales of Māori at 29.16 per cent throughout the year, up 2.9 per cent from the same year
Point, mainly as a result of the company ' s overhauling of business lines, reprogramming of products, restructuring of marketing strategies, gradual reduction of highly competitive and low-morigin projects, optimization of marketing management, improvement of operating efficiency and realization of efficiency gains. (3) Cost rates remain more stable during the company ' s period, with sales rates, management rates, R&D rates
• Launching of a national production-deepseek unit to support the privatization and deployment of political companies.
At the end of 2024, the dawn cloud evolved from the first city cloud to the full store of smart clouds. In February 2025, it released a national super-integrated model of DeepSeek, using a national production route using a national product of 86cpu and a national product of gpgpu, supporting a full-precision, semi-precision mix.
Training and reasoning, in line with the letter creation requirements.
The company officially publishes a deep-seated intelligence engine, builds an end-to-end all-team-ai acceleration package, and contributes to the development of foot-company updates. 2025.3.3 Industry-ai applications are on the ground. The whole process of large model development, training, fine-tuning, reasoning, deployment, etc., Deepai
"Stable growth in performance, increasingly high-end computing ecology, embedded dap smart platform in deep-counted smart engines, large-scale model-building applications based on national ai isomer acceleration chips, perfect - company information update report."
Platform for Taiwan, Yunwon, pre-positioning 100+ key scenario applications, 300+ precision models and acceleration algorithms.