Megashares (600160): Refrigerant prices are up and company performance is expected to continue to increase.
Three generations of refrigerant quotas are stacked with rising demand in the downstream market, refrigerant prices and profits are rising steadily, and companies have a clear advantage in the refrigerant landscape cycle as domestic poles of refrigerant quotas. At the end of the product price, 2024h1, company refrigeration
The 3-generation refrigerant quota for agents, fluoropolymer materials, fluorinated raw materials, fluorinated fine chemicals, food packaging materials, petrochemical materials, basics, Ma Xiaojune was formally implemented on 1 January 2024, benefiting from the fly-source combination of chemicals, with companies occupying 3-generation refrigerants.
With respect to refrigerant prices, as of 23 August 2024, demand for refrigerants had increased steadily, and the company’s performance on the refrigerant plate was expected to continue to improve. The company focused on research and development, the development of high-value-added products for fluorinated workers, and the continuous optimization of the industrial chain.
The high-performance manufacturing base for chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) was targeted at strengthening science, technology and innovation, fixed-asset inputs, and planning for 2024 154 STI projects, annual planned R & D costs of 1,008 million yuan, 0.7 per cent higher than the corresponding rate, enhanced technology and product development needed for company development, completed R & D investment of 541 million yuan in the first half of 2024, and Poe projects entered the construction stage of medium-test devices
In the second half of 2024, the investment in fixed assets was completed for 892 million yuan, 4000 tons/year of fluorinated fine product modification projects, and 44,000 tons/year of fluorinated polymers projects (with an additional 5,000 tons/year of fluorinated polymers).
Projects have been completed, such as the annual incinerator, with the addition of 10,000 tonnes/year of high-quality molten fluorable resins and accompanying projects, and investment proposals: companies are the vanguards of the fluorinated industry, with significant integration advantages, benefiting from the implementation of quota policies, refrigerant industries are expected to continue, and we maintain the company ' s profit forecast, with the company ' s net return profits projected for 2024-2026, respectively.
Magnificent Shares (600160): Three Generations of Refrigerant Price Upgraded, Company Performance Expected and Sustained - Corporate Summary Report
Chemical equity, consolidation of the fluorine champion - Larged Shares (600160): Reduced demand q3 performance, promising refrigerants.
Profit projections and valuation summary tables (in millions of dollars, per cent), using legally compliant data, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report, have no direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.