Fluorine taps follow the refrigerant landscape — mega-stocks (600160.sh) incident assessment report.
Impacts such as the introduction of a quota system for the production of third-generation refrigerants (hfcs) and the expected reduction of second-generation refrigerants (hcfcs) in 2025 as of 1 January 2024
So, the price of refrigerant products ends the irrational decline and historically low operating trends, returns up and boosts the company’s performance. On the price side, in the first half of the year, the firm’s fluorination, the acquisition of the Xianbo Flying Source, has led to the emergence of a dominant advantage.
The company’s share in the production of fluorinated products has increased further after the company completed the acquisition of its shareholding in the chemical industry of the Xenogenic source, and is now in the forefront of the world’s fluorinated industry. The company now owns a quota of 278,000 tons of HFC-based refrigerant production of various types, accounting for the entire country.
Total 39.16%; second-generation HFC refrigerant hcfc-22 production quota of 475,000. Performance increased significantly, looking at the refrigerant landscape ton, which represents 26.30% of the total national quota. The company is currently the only one in the country.
Four-generation fluorinated refrigerant series with new fluorinated refrigerants, hydrocarbons, and mega-stocks (600160): fluorinated industry integration poles, benefiting industry landscapes
Refrigerant products and production enterprises with a series of blended refrigerants, now operating two main units of 2024-06-28 current hfos production units with a capacity of about 8,000 tonnes/year, with a new annual production set being implemented
Fluorinated polymers are growing well and are expected to become new growth poles because they are at the back end of the industrial chain, with high value added.
It is one of the fastest-growing and most promising industries in the organic fluorine industry. The company currently has 10,000 tonnes/year of high-quality molten fluorine resin and associated projects, 500 tonnes/year of perfluorosulfate project 250 tonnes/year, 10,000 tonnes/year of fep expansion project
fluoropolymer projects are being built. As the applications of fluoropolymer are expanding in the future, these new projects will open up new growth space for companies to promote high-end industries, companies that are champions of fluorinated industries, with well-structured industrial chains, cost and matching advantages.
Weak demand for the fluorine industry; the project is not as fast as expected; and the prices of the product are very high.
Experience, 10 years of buyer research, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness. Joining the Chinese securities research in 2023 reflects my research perspective.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.