Larger shares (600160.sh) 3-generation refrigerant quotas tightened and product prices increased dramatically
In the case of refrigerants, benefiting from fly-source chemicals, the company increased sales of refrigerant products in the first half of 2024, and according to our market price index, as of 30 June, the NRC market price index for refrigerants boosted demand for air conditioners, tightened supply-side quotas, and prices increased significantly in the first half of 2024, up to 30 June
52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices, r22 at $29,500 per ton, an increase of 55.26 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, r32 at $35,500 per ton compared to 302.59 per cent at the beginning of the year, achieving a flat yield of +107.91 per cent. In addition, fluorine polymers, food packaging materials, basic chemicals
The demand for refrigerants downstream is still wide, and the “old-for-new” powerhouse car industry is rejuvenating. Four quarters of 2023, expected to be understocked by traditional refrigerant stores, pre-existing businesses, and markets.
In February 2024, cars, household appliances, “old for old”, boosted consumer activity, air-conditioning discharges showed excellent performance, car sales data, refrigerants continued upwards. In the first half of 2024, my country built up air-conditioning.
113,472 thousand sold, +15.5%, of which the volume of overseas sales rose by 30.0% per year;
Megashares (600160.sh) - Consolidation of the status of the fluorinated giant, leading the refrigerant industry for a period of high levels, and megashares, as the country’s top producer of three generation refrigerant markets, are expected to benefit fully from industry opportunities. In the long run, the global air-conditioning market continues to grow, with cold chains.
Megashares (600160.sh) - proposed to buy 51% of fly-source chemicals for $1.4 billion, and industries such as /heat pumps/new energy vehicles will continue to open the refrigerant demand space.
High-value-added fluorinated industry products will inject dynamism into the company’s long-term growth. Over the years, the company has continued to expand its fluorochlorine sophistication.
With regard to four generations of refrigerants, companies will continue to develop new low-gwp refrigerant varieties and blends, such as HFC-4 refrigerants, and polymer materials, in addition to actively translating the third generation of HFC refrigerants into business advantages.
The company will continue to innovate, strengthen core competitiveness, and in the future, will make every effort to expand high-value products such as HFC-4 refrigerants, fluorine polymers, pvdc-ma resins, fluorine fluids, etc.
We hope that the company will develop further in quality and build on the fluorinated industry’s main advantage. The investment proposal is that the company, as the leader of the fluorinated industry, has a well-structured, well-costed and well-equipped industrial chain, and a healthy financial structure, and we maintain the company’s profit forecast: the company is expected to return to its net profits in 2024-2026, respectively.
In the first half of 2024, the net profit of the company was equal to the net profit of the parent when the price of the refrigerated fluorinated fine chemical was higher, and figure 2: one-season operating income of the giantized shares and the rate of increase (in billions of dollars, per cent) three generations of refrigerant quotas were landed and the volume of the product increased, which strongly supported the company ' s profitability.
During the year, the company actively expanded its share of the market to obtain the hfcs quota in order to consolidate its industrial leadership; in the same time, the company continued to improve its marketing network, good market brands and services, and the leading market position for its products. In January 2024, the third generation of the Ministry of Eco-Environment ' s refrigerant quota policy and allocation rules programme was in place.
The conversion of shares has also successfully completed the acquisition of 51 per cent of the shareholdings for the Xubo-based chemical industry (a change of equity was completed in January 2024), which is included in the company ' s consolidated statements. The company ' s current equity quota for three generations of dominant refrigerant varieties is 252,000 tons, or approximately 35 per cent of the industry quota, and is in the top position in the industry.
In 2023, with the end of the quota window period, the company strategically adjusted the level of production of three generations of refrigerants and overall refrigerants, and the volume of refrigerant production decreased. In the first half of 2024, benefiting from fly-source chemicals, the total volume of refrigerant production increased significantly: in the first half of 2024, the company achieved a difference in refrigerant production/distribution.
+22.05%. According to our market price index, as of 30 June, the market price of the national converter refrigerant was $29,500 per tonne, an increase of 55.26% from the beginning of the year, the price of r32 was $35,500 per tonne, and by 2024 it was the first year of the quota system for three generations of refrigerants, with prior accumulation of stocks of products and demand divided by demand.
In addition to the significant improvement in household air conditioning and the weak growth in demand in other downstream markets, three generations of refrigerants will have a long weathering week, subject to significant supply constraints and the rigidity of downstream demand, following the gradual digestion of stocks, in addition to the refrigerant operation, it is worth noting that fluorinated fine chemicals operations have been achieved by means of volume supplementation.
High-speed growth in revenue of the same year and +107.91 per cent: lower average prices of fluorinated fine chemicals of companies in the first half of 2024, figure 9: price-to-price differentials for three generations of refrigerant r32, figure 10: price-to-price differentials for three generations of refrigerant r125
Figure 11: Price-to-price differential for three generations of refrigerant r134a Figure 12: Price-to-price differential for three generations of refrigerant r143a Figure 13: Price-to-price differential trend for three generations of refrigerant r152a
The fall in prices for products such as fluorinated polymers, basic chemical products, food packaging materials, etc., continued to be a drag on corporate profitability. 2024 In the first half of the year, fluorinated fine chemicals/basic chemical products/fluoropolymers/fluoropolymers/food packages
The company has a well-developed fluorinated industrial chain, forming the country's leading industry cluster of new fluorinated materials. Before this, the giant stock company has a well-developed system of chlorinated products production, has the advantage of industrial chain integration, effectively controls costs, and has developed a global “1+3” operating sheet of fluorinated refrigerants with a state port at its core.
In addition, in recent years, companies have been active in developing stocks and applications of high-value product markets such as HFC-4 refrigerants, fluorine polymers, pvdcma resins, fluorine fluids (perfluoropolyethers, hydrofluoroethers, etc.) as well as in building up the country’s leading industry cluster of new CFC-based materials.
At this point in time, the refrigerant industry is in the airway. We look forward to the refrigerant industry, which will remain relatively high for a long time, and mega-stocks, the largest producer in the country's three-generation refrigerant market, will be expected to benefit fully from the industry's opportunities. Moreover, the high-value-added products of the fluorine industry will benefit from high-value-added products.
Investment advice: maintain a “better than the big market” rating. The company, as the leader of the fluorinated industry, has a well-structured, efficient and well-equipped industrial chain, and a healthy financial structure.
The expansion, which now accounts for about 35% of the three-generation refrigerant industry, has led to a cyclical reversal as industry leader. From the fluorine chemical and fluorinated materials industry, with the constant improvement in living standards and the rapid growth of strategic and emerging industries, the fluorinated industry is using its unique properties, applications and markets.
Space is expanding and demand is growing steadily. In terms of the company’s own endogenous benefits, over the years, the company has continued to build up the advanced chemical materials of the fluorine industry, the high-end extension of the industrial chain, the convergence of multi-chemical industries, the enhancement of synergies, the continued optimization of the industrial structure and product structure, and the growth of core competitiveness and competitiveness.
We maintain the corporate profit forecast: we expect that the company ' s net return profits for 2024-2026 will come from the compliance channels for which the author assured the report; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality and the conclusion is not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.