The semi-annual performance has increased significantly, and the refrigerant landscape cycle is expected to continue Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) on August 22, with mega-stocks issuing semi-annual reports for 2024.
● Refrigerant plates support the growth of company performance, other plates are short-term drag on company performance, company prices compare to 300 per cent below +41 per cent, and are influenced by abundant supply and weak demand, corporate fluoropolymers, food packs
Average sales of materials, basic chemical products have fallen by 23.78 per cent, 15.06 per cent and refrigerant prices have increased significantly since the beginning of the year, and companies are expected to benefit fully from the refrigerant landscape cycle.
Country-approved quotas for production of second-generation HFC refrigerants (hcfcs) will be further reduced in 2025, with higher prices for hcfcs products expected to fall in supply and relative rigidity of demand; third-generation HFC refrigerants (hfcs) will be introduced on 1 January 2024
Production quotas, high levels of overcapacity, strong market competition, and a recovery in prices of hfcs products have been effectively mitigated, but prices have fallen slowly from the original irrational to higher levels of diversity, as a result of pre-existing stock build-up and structural demand differentials.
As at 22 August 2024, the company ' s main refrigerant products r32, r125, r134a, /tonne had significantly increased the profitability of the dominant refrigerants.
The production quota of the current company hfcs has totalled 2,788,000 tonnes, with industry accounting for 37.4%, r32, and 2.24q1 showing a doubling of performance, with three generations of refrigeration 45.4%, and the hfcs quota being the highest in the industry.
The three generations of refrigerants are expected to maintain a long weathering cycle, with companies expected to benefit fully in the future, against a background of supply constraints and demand rigidity, with low short-term price performance, long-term refrigeration tons and 26.3 per cent of industry.
• The chain layout of the fluorine industry continues to improve, looking at high-end upgrading of the corporate industry, and in order to promote high-end upgrading of the corporate industry and the upgrading of the product structure to new materials for high-performance chlorofluorocarbons, the company plans to invest $2.19 billion in four projects. Of this, 10,000t/a is of high quality.
Total investment of 911 million yuan in molten fluorescent resins and associated projects, planned to be fully completed by the fourth quarter of 2025 Net profits are projected to be 178 million yuan/year for new projects; total investment of 585 million yuan in the high end fluorinated polymers project a, 44kt/a, and construction planned for the second quarter of 2025
The project anticipates an average annual net profit of 51 million yuan/year, and a total investment of 367 million yuan in the 500 tonnes/year perfluorosulfonate high performance barrier materials project, which is scheduled to be launched in the second quarter of 2025. The project anticipates an average annual net profit of 88 million yuan/year.
We have a firm view of the incremental performance of three-generation refrigerant prices and the cost advantages of mega-chlorinated chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs). At the same time, the company has new fluorinated materials, a high-value-added-up company's Māori ratio.
(iii) The new production capacity is not as fast as expected; (4) the four-generation refrigerant replacement is faster: the present report is produced independently and objectively using information on legal compliance, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I am aware of these.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.