The giant shares (600160.sh) are so obvious that the second-generation shares are reduced to take a long-term view of the refrigerants.
Event: On 14 September 2024, the Ministry of Eco-Environment issued a “letter on the open request for advice on a programme for the setting and distribution of quotas for ozone-depleting substances and hydrofluorocarbons in 2025”, and prepared the Programme for the setting and allocation of quotas for ozone-depleting substances in 2025 (draft comments) and the Programme for the setting and allocation of quotas for ozone-depleting substances in 2025.
Conclusions and recommendations: The allocation programme reduced the share of second-generation refrigerants as expected, maintained the three-generation refrigerant quota and adjusted the quotas for various varieties. Refrigerant quotas will continue to be reduced and supply tightened.
The industry has maintained its long-term profile. The company is a leading domestic fluorinated industry, with a quota for refrigerant production. First, the industry has a well-established chain of fluorinated industries and a strong industry leader, who is expected to benefit from the industry ' s long-term climate, with a total production quota of 1,636 million tons of second-generation refrigerants, converted to an odp value.
67.5 per cent of the de-baseline value and 8.6 million tonnes of the total internal production and use quota, or 73.2 per cent of the baseline value, the programme met the country ' s phased implementation of the mandates of the Montreal Protocol and the Kigali Amendment, as a whole meeting expectations, but the internal production and use quota was reduced.
The total production quota of our second-generation refrigerants in 2025 and the production quota of the main refrigerant species r22 in 2025 was 149.1 million tonnes (or a combination of products for total production).
Refrigerant Total Production Quotas will be reduced by 19% on the same date. This second generation refrigerant will be closed in 2025 by means of new production lines, taking into account hcfcs reductions, in addition to reductions in proportion to previous practices, etc.
The process of petrochemical materials is halfway through, and some of the enterprises are already less economically efficient, and may be expected to have a higher yield than the larger ones.
r22 Mainly used for maintenance of the market, stock demand is stable and subject to supply end effects, with 2-generation refrigerants, 31 per cent of the total production of r22, which is the first in the country, with a full return on supply and receipt, 3-generation refrigerant quotas maintained and a partial increase in production quotas for the variety: based on comments,
Our annual 3-generation refrigerant production quota is maintained at 1,853 million tonnes of co2 and 905 million tonnes of co2 in use, which remains at the baseline level, the same as in 2024. But on the basis of the base of the 2024 quota, based on the replacement demand for the second-generation refrigerant phase-out, the semiconductor industry for hfc-41 and the semiconductor industry for the second-generation refrigerant phase-out.
Ten thousand tonnes, hfc-41 quota 20 tonnes, hfc-236ea quota 50 tonnes. In 2024, the internal use quota was low, and three generations of refrigerant prices were expected to remain high. Three generation refrigerant quotas were still available, and the total production quota for r32 was expected to reach 12.8 million tonnes, or 44.99% of the domestic production quota.
In addition, the share of quotas for the company r125, r143a, r134a, etc., is also a national leader, firmly establishing an absolute leading market position. With limited quotas, it is expected that the bargaining power of the refrigerant industry will be maintained, and the voice of the industry will be further enhanced.
Ten thousand yuan per ton (yoy+56%), three generations of mainstream refrigerant r32 at an average cost of 355,000 yuan per ton (yoy+15.4%), r125 at an average cost of 29.5 million yuan per ton (yoy+37%), r134a at an average price of 3.35 million refrigerants, with the price of three generations of refrigerants remaining unchanged over time.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.