The performance of 2024h1 has increased significantly, and the performance of the company has improved as a result of an event evaluation of a mega-stock (600160.sh) 2024h1 refrigerant.
In the first half of 2024, company performance increased by the same year, largely as a result of a recovery in the price of HFC refrigerant products following the fall of the portfolio at the beginning of the year, and a certain increase in the sales of the company ' s refrigerants on the same basis, resulting in a significant increase in the company ' s performance as a result of the increase in volume prices.
In the first half of the year, the company produced 300,000 tons of refrigerant, an increase of 22% in the same year, sold 160,000 tons, an increase of 12% in the same year, contributing $3.9 billion, an increase of 37% in the same year. The significant improvement in the refrigerant business was the main factor in the growth in corporate income and profits.
The volume of basic chemical products produced by company 2024h1 has risen steadily, from 8.34% in the same year to 8.34% in the same year.
Low prices for company refrigerant sales resulted in lower performance than market expectations.
The average market price of R32/r22/r125/r134a in the first half of 2024, according to the Kibukawa Mobil, is due to the fact that either the price update of the Association lags behind the market, which is the main reason why companies perform below market expectations in the second quarter of the year.
Downward risks in the economy; risk of high volatility in product prices; under-construction of projects; risk of limited start-up of environmental policies; windfall demand below expectations; corporate profitability projections (millions of dollars)
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
In 2023, he joined the Chinese securities research program Liu Han: Material Engineering at Nakayama University/Master of Finance at the City University of Hong Kong, and three years of major research in energy chemicals reflected his research. I did not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.