In July 2018, the company achieved a sales contract of 5,9.8 million square metres, an increase of 90.8 per cent, and a sales contract of 15,01 billion yuan.
Since April, there has been a rising trend, mainly due to the higher proportion of second-line cities in the company ' s rollout structure. On the basis of cumulative data, the company ' s cumulative amount and area of sales contracted in January-July was positive, with 85% per month of sales in Shanghai, Wuhan, Tianjin, Cheng.
In total, 8 plots of land were acquired in the six first- or second-line cities of the states, Nanjing and Kashing, with a total land area of 1.24 million square metres, an increase of 25 per cent over the same period; the total cost of land acquisition was 12.7 billion yuan, an increase of 49 per cent over the same period, a slight increase in the current month; all new projects were deployed in the core second-line cities, promoting an average of $10290 per month.
Construction of 9.44 million square metres, an increase of 192 per cent over the same period; total land acquisition costs of $73.1 billion, land acquisition costs, 1. Trader Snakes: a first-month sales scale accounted for 81 per cent of sales over the same period.
• The company issued a performance forecast of 2018h1: net profit returns to mothers amounted to approximately 6.8 billion yuan-$70 billion, a significant increase of 89-94 per cent; net profit to mothers in the second quarter was $1,020 million-1220 million, and the carry-over cycle affected in the second quarter was about 24-9 per cent lower than in the other quarter.
Māori, the main provider of community development, increased by approximately $3.2 billion on the same year, with an increase of approximately $2.3 billion and $900 million in the first and second quarters, respectively; and the joint venture equity law investment returns increased by the same year.
The company has an adequate stock of resources and will be fully subject to future policies, etc.); changes in the financing environment (mortgage, development loans, interest rate adjustments, etc.); and business operations risks.
(personnel changes, construction, land acquisition, etc.); risk of exchange rate fluctuations; re-monetization of sheds does not meet expectations.
Figure 2: Single-month sales (millions of yuan) and speed of increase for commercial snakes, figure 3: Cumulative area (millions of square metres) and speed of sales for commercial snakes, figure 4: Cumulative sales (billions) and speed of increase for commercial snakes
Figure 5: Cumulative average sales price of commercial snakes ($/m2) Figure 6: Cumulative average land prices of commercial snakes ($/m2) East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory