High growth in performance, with a further increase in the multi-modal reserve of resources  sustained improvement in profitability and high performance in the first half of 2018. Corporate operating income increased on a year-on-year basis in the first half of 2018.
6.6 per cent long, with net profit returns increasing by 97.54 per cent on a year-on-year basis; performance grew at a much faster rate than operating income, mainly due to the concentration of Māori projects (seller seals, etc.), with a 42.74 per cent Māori sales rate in the first half of the year, up 16 percentage points from the same period in 2017: the construction and operation of the cruise industry
In the first half of the year, the company achieved a sales contract of $7596 million, representing an increase of 39.86 per cent, and a sales contract of 39.86 per cent.
(b) New entry into cities such as Chamjiang, Tzu Creek, Xuzhou and Choshan, where the project was acquired as a result of the company's Hong Kong Connectivity model, which complemented the entire port biosphere with quality soil
In addition, companies have successively acquired 80 per cent of East Wind real estate and 100 per cent of Zhejiang Yu and Real Estate Group Ltd. and related claims, thereby further enhancing the company’s market competitiveness in the relevant region.
In the first half of the year, the company successfully set up an industrial investment fund to explore innovative models of “owners plus shareholders”; and, at the same time, the company was able to find ways to combine the benefits of innovative financing instruments.
Actively, sales continue to increase speed, 2018-08-12 Establishment of the first single-storage long-lease apartment cmbs product in the country, the first long-lease apartment between banks, 2, Trades and Snakes: a first-time sale in January
Abn products. A rich source of finance drives companies to spend only 4.87 per cent of their combined capital costs in the first half of the year, and during the same period it was new and more investment intensive.
By the end of 2017, the commercial state and its controlled subsidiaries had 11662 acres of land on which they had yet to realize their benefits. Of that amount, 3,376 acres were on the double-fish island.
In the same vein, companies can share the advantage of the policy position in the city of Xiamong, locking in the future development dividend of the seaside plate.  Investment proposal: Merchant Snakes as the flagship of the real estate block under the auspices of the Business Bureau Group, positioning: The lead city and park integrated development and operation service provider is the group’s key core asset set-up.
The company has sufficient reserves of resources and will be fully subject to policies in the future in the Great Bay region of Hong Kong; changes in the financing environment (mortgage, development loans, interest rate adjustments, etc.); business operations risks (personnel changes, construction, land acquisition, etc.); exchange rate fluctuations risks; and monetization of sheds is not as expected.
Profitability continues to improve, with high performance growth of $1 billion, or 97.54 per cent on a year-on-year basis; corporate performance has grown much faster than operating income, mainly due to the concentration of high-mori projects, settlement (double seals, etc.), with a 42.74 per cent increase in corporate sales in the first half of the year, up 16 percentage points from the same period in 2017.
Point; in the cruise industry, the Māori rate was 49.82 per cent after the tax on construction and operations, up from 56 during the same period in 2017. Sales continued to increase, with Hong Kong City joining, acquisitions, etc., raising the pool of multi-modal support resources again by 24.26 per cent. In the first half of the year, there were 40 new projects for companies and expansion projects.
751.33 million square metres, with a total land value of $60.358 billion; new entrants into cities such as Tianjiang, Tzu Creek, Xuzhou, and Nakayama, whose acquisition was the result of the company's Hong Kong City Convergence model, which was supplemented by high-quality land resources at the same time as the distribution of the entire port conglomerate.
And Zhejiang Yun and Real Estate Group Ltd., with its 100% equity and related claims, further upgrades the corporate background and financial innovation in the region, ensuring that financing costs remain low.
The company managed to issue 7 billion yuan in corporate bonds: two short-term vouchers were issued in the near future for a total of 4 billion yuan in hard copy, and innovatively explored the production mix of “tenant plus shareholder” models; at the same time, the company set up a 6 billion-dollar domestic shelf, long-lease apartment cmbs product, and worked together to build a 20 billion-dollar long-lease apartment for the first single bank to register.
In the first half of the year, the company’s combined financing cost was only 4.87%, and continued to have a significant financial advantage within the industry.
The Division can share the advantage of the position of the city’s cosmopolitan policy by pre-targeting the future development dividend of the seaside plate. As a flagship of the real estate block under the auspices of the Commissariat Group, it is positioned as an integrated development and operation service provider in leading cities and parks, which is an important core asset consolidation and business synergy platform for the group.
The Gulf Area has sufficient reserves to benefit fully in the future from the Gulf Area development dividend.
A marked increase; continued tightening of tax policies; pressure on real estate sales, resulting in a decline in the scale of sales. 3) A general tightening of the financing environment: tight bank lending lines, higher bond issue rates, increased business mobility 4) Business risk: changes in executives and core business cadres, slow pace of construction, robustness
Too radical to expose the risk of a shortage of funds. 5) Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: exchange rate fluctuations are expected to be higher and firms are exposed to increasing exchange rate risks. 6) Monetization of sheds is not expected: monetization rates have declined significantly and stock sales in three or four-line cities have been fully covered
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board