Real estate cruises show good performance, commercial snakes (001979) semi-annual evaluation of 2018 performance, three-way drive of real estate cruiser investment.
During the first half of 2018, the company achieved operating income of $20,988 million, an increase of 6.6 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of $7,117 million, an increase of 97.54 per cent over the same period, owing mainly to three factors: a 17.09 per cent decrease in operating costs on a year-on-year basis owing to a reduction in the carrying-over area of the company ' s real estate operations, a 10.82 per cent increase in the same year-on-year income and a 47.79 per cent decrease in the same cost, resulting in a 55.65 per cent increase in the Maori rate and a reversal of the profit.
In the first half of the year, the company realized investment gains of $4.97 billion, an increase of 78.41 per cent over the same period. Real estate sales grew and expanded.
During the first half of 2018, the company’s real estate business reached 3.5836 million square metres of contracted sales, an increase of 24.26 per cent over the same period, and sales continued to grow by $75.96 billion, an increase of 39.86 per cent over the same period. The company actively took over 40 new projects in the first half of the year, expanding the project’s funding by 7513 million square metres, and entered cities like the Tsang River through the Hong Kong Convergence model, where it acquired 80 per cent of East Wind’s real estate equity and Zhejiang’s shareholdings.
100% of the shares and related claims and calls of the Yuzhmorgeologiya group have increased the reserves of the park resources and gained the advantages of the location of the acquisition enterprise.
The cruise industry is a high-end tourist service biosphere. During the first half of the year, cruise operations increased by 10.82 per cent over the same year, with a cost reduction of 47.79 per cent over the same year, raising the Māori rate by 55.65 per cent and achieving a loss of profit. Of these, the Shenzhen Viper Port achieved 50 cruise anchoring times, an increase of 85 per cent over the same period; and cruise traffic increased by 207 per cent over the same period by 184,000.
In the first half of 2018, there was a significant increase in net cash flows from corporate operations, net cash flows from financing, and net cash and cash equivalents. As a result of increased sales returns, net cash flows from corporate operations increased by $5,432 million, or 45.21 per cent. Net cash flows from corporate fund-raising activities increased by $15.2 billion, or 141.02 per cent, from the same year, as a result of the expansion of financing.
Increases in inputs and sales returns, net increases in corporate cash and cash equivalents of $18,688 million, negative positive changes, 926.95 per cent over the same period, lower financing costs with high credit ratings \triangleright
A total of RMB 4 billion has been allocated to the joint venture capital of the United Capital Development Bank, which has jointly signed an agreement to establish a series of investment funds for the promotion of businesses, and has introduced stable funds. Partners have joined forces in the establishment of investment funds for the promotion of industries, including joint ventures; a deposit of RMB 6 billion has been set up, with the first release of RMB 2 billion, the first special project for the support of assets in the first phase of a business-in-loan apartment; and the first inter-bank rental fund (the first payment of RMB 4 billion) has been established.
During the first half of 2018, the company was active in setting up a new business, with condos, big health, and a few openings, and the success of the transition was initially evident. The condos were rapidly developing, encouraging small asset rental, stock-marketing, building a full-cycle business model for the fall-out of investment tubes, and making the apartment smart platform work.
On the basis of the sophisticated Shenzhen market, the condos are located in Beijing, Shanghai, Chongqing, and eight second-line cities, with a national standard of about 900,000 square metres, of which 13 long-lease apartments have been added in the last eight years, 241,000 square metres. Healthy conditions have fallen apart, and medical care has been actively promoted in the context of “old age, hospital, and healthy town”.
The project is continuing, and the world cultural and artistic centre at sea is functioning well, and exhibitions, branding and educational activities have been carried out successively.
The real estate market as a whole has gone down, and the company’s real estate development and completion have fallen short of expectations.
In 2016, he invested in the Tianyang Real Estate industry.
Research assistant profile: Qinghua University's civil engineering major, Bachelor of Laws, three years of work in the real estate industry, first-level registered builder, middle-level real estate economist.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.