Corporate review study — Real estate 21st of 2018: Excellent resource endowment, cross-cutting development.
The company published its semi-annual report for 2018. During the first half of 2018, the company achieved operating income of hundreds of millions of yuan, an increase of 97.54 per cent over the same period, with net profits of 6,136 million (i) higher performance and greater profitability for shareholders in listed companies.
In the first half of 2018, the company achieved business income of $20,988 million, an increase of 6.6 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $7,117 million, an increase of 97.54 per cent in the same year. The company’s profits grew much faster than operating income.
Corporate operations are divided into three main sections: community development and operations, park development and operations, and cruise industry construction and operations. Of these, the post-tax Māori rate for community development and operations is 34.85 per cent, compared to (ii) the same sales in 2017, with a steady increase in sales and a reasonable project layout.
During the reporting period, the company's sales performance grew steadily, reaching a contracted sales value of $7596 million, at a total land value of $60.358 billion; new arrivals into cities such as Changjiang, Tse Creek, Xuzhou and Choshan, among which the Chanjiang project was acquired as a result of the company's Hong Kong Convergence model, which is located in the entire port biosphere.
In addition, companies have successively acquired 80 per cent of the stockholdings and 100 per cent of the shares and related claims of the Jingyang and Real Estate Group Ltd. of East Wind Cars and have further enhanced the company’s market competitiveness in the region.
During the reporting period, the company completed an equity acquisition in the State of Luang, which increased the stock of rich parks. As of the end of 2017, the State of Luang County and its controlled subsidiaries were in the process of acquiring ownership rights.
Acres (3,376 acres of them). Through strategic collaboration between the comptoir and the company in Xiamen and Xiangzhou, the company can share the advantages of the position of the Xiaomeng co-city policy, pre-targeting the sea-west plate, future development dividends, and further enhance the company’s capacity to develop its parks, and to develop its region in an integrated manner.
As China ' s first approved operational artificial island, the twin fish island will become a national tourist destination, a recreational, residential and a breeding home, a regional recreational centre and a quality-of-life zone, and will generate considerable profits for the company once the main project, represented by the two fish island, enters the performance release period.
During the reporting period, the company continued to maintain aaa's main credit ratings and debt credit ratings and successfully issued corporate bonds with interest rates of 3.74 per cent and 3.55 per cent, respectively; the joint venture capital and the East Bank of the Bank of Peace signed a series of offers.
Agreements for investment funds, introduction of stable fund partners; establishment of the Business Investment Fund of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and innovative exploration of the “owners plus shareholders” production mix; creation of a shelf amounting to $6 billion, with the first release of $2 billion, the “Investment-Commercial Seniors' First Assets Support Scheme”, the country's first single-store long-lease apartment
By the end of June, the company’s combined financial cost was 4.87%, and continued to have a significant financial advantage in the industry.
In 2018, as a “reform year” for merchants, the company stood on the “billions of sales” step, and the company as a whole gained momentum. As shareholders and real controllers in the business and financial sectors, the BCC group had a number of excellent businesses across the two main areas of business and finance.
Sources play a good role in enabling companies to move on from one side to the next. The strong corporate background of a corporate grouping of firms, at the national level, has greater influence and appeal throughout the world, and the external synergies it has will create huge business opportunities for companies.