Gpu supply stress is expected to continue to warm for a short period of time.
\triangleright gpu supply strained by 12% of q2 revenue on a year-on-year basis, significantly narrower than in a quarter. \triangleright
The company ' s performance of 2023q2 showed a wave of 2023q2 yielding $15.397 billion, a decline of 12.38 per cent compared to the previous quarter (46 per cent at the rate of 23q1). The company reported performance forecasts, semi-annual reports, and the decline was mainly due to global gpu and related earmarkings.
We believe that as the gpu capacity continues to be released, the downstream client is expected to warm up, and the company as a whole is expected to pick up more and more. In the context of income pressure, the company has good control at the cost.
The company continues to promote technological innovation in the aigc area, and the company is still in the process of creating a new technology that will allow the company to develop a new technology.
\triangleright continuously enhances the layout of operations at the levels of arithmeticals, algorithms, and dispatch systems. At the level of product technology innovation, in 2023, a new generation of g7 numeracy platforms was launched, covering applications such as cloud-oriented computing, big data, artificial intelligence, etc.
16 products. The latest generation of the i training server for integration architecture nf5688g7, which is almost seven times more robust than that of the former iPilot model, was accompanied by the release by the United Intel of the Open Accelerator Model Oam 1. Wave Information (000977.sz) in mid-2023.
High-speed interconnection of a new generation of ai server nf5698g7 for the generation of the ai field, completes a change of appearance and is expected to enter a new phase of development. According to the July 17th evening announcement, company director 2. Wave information (000977.sz) reported in the first quarter of 2023
In order to reduce the number of part-time jobs, the former Chairman of the Board of Governors and the Faculty of Engineering, Wang Eundong, resigned from the company.
-2023/05/05 3. Wave Information (000977.sz) 2022 Annual Report Review: Equivalence is an important leader of the Internet market and the Chinese server.
On the evening of 25 August, the company announced that it had appointed Mr. Huraying as its General Manager, the incumbent Vice-President of Wave Information, the Chief Technical Officer and the former Deputy General Manager of the company.
Given that the company is the leading firm in the server industry, it is hoped that, against the backdrop of high demand for arithmetic, \triangleright's methodological and analytical logic will lead to conclusions, produce the report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.