Wave Information (000977.sz) Tradingbuy Inter-District Operations
Short-term performance is significantly under pressure to focus on the high-growth opportunities offered by future ai servers, and global supply chains of dedicated chips, such as gpu, have strained their performance in the first half of the year: it is expected that the first half of the year will be largely influenced by factors such as the global supply of gpu and related dedicated chips, corporate operating income, etc.
We are of the view that the rapid decline in the demand for traditional servers and the tight supply of chips for servers in +ai have affected the company ' s performance in the first half of the year, the weakness of universal x86 servers in the demand of Internet enterprises and the budget switch.
The impact of the down-to-a-i server has been sustained at high levels and industry is at the bottom of the cycle; i-server demand is high, but domestic demand for a800 has been low due to the supply strategy of Weida, which limits the speed of company-i server operations. Given the uncertainty about the future of the United States policy, I
They believe that the gpu chip supply will continue in the short term, and that, as the pressure on the gpu supply subsides in the future, the ai server will provide a new opportunity for companies to grow at a high rate. The company server is the second largest in the world in terms of 10.4% of the world’s cities, and the server industry is the second largest in China.
At the same time, according to idc, the wave-ai servers in 2021 were in the global market.
We believe that the surge in demand in 2023 has led to a sustained increase in the sale price of the one server, as the company has previously locked in electronics.
At the cost, the current round-of-the-day server will lead to a significant increase in corporate profitability, with the expectation that performance will continue to outpace the city’s downstream cloud calculations and the development of the ai industry as expected.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.