Or one of the biggest miscalculations.
Gpu supply is strained to q2. The company is expected to collect around $24.3 billion in the first half of the year, and \triangleright is under pressure in the second quarter of the year, as a result of global pressure on the supply of gpu and related dedicated chips.
On the other hand, downstream clients affected by the macro-environment are under pressure to spend on generic server purchases. The wave is the global leader of the i-server, with a strong lead.
The city share of tidal information is 20.9% worldwide, and the global share of tidal information servers is steady at 52.4% in China, where it is more than 50% in five consecutive years. As artificial intelligence applications accelerate, global spending on infrastructure continues to grow, with wave information serving as a service.
Vision q3, on the one hand, is expected to ease the supply tension in gpu, and, on the other hand, the ding-jung company, which has completed the change of command, has added to the relatively low performance base for the second half of the year and is expected to recover in the second half of the year.
With the development and application of large models of the country’s ai, China’s ai server market is expected to increase further, and the company is expected to pick up at a catalyst for an increase in the volume of the ai server. With the new chairman taking office, the company is entering a new phase of development.
\triangleright Chairman: In an effort to reduce part-time employment, the former Chairman, Wang Ndong of the College of Engineering, resigned from his post and the General Manager, Peng Chiu, was elected Chairman. Peng Chiu is currently Vice-Chairman, General Manager of Wave Information, and has been an adjunct to the company.
1. Wave Information (000977.sz) Quarterly Report, 2023: The high base and order confirmation cycle led to a decline in q1 performance, the General Manager, etc., is an important leader in the wave taking over the Internet market and becoming the leader of the Chinese server.
-2023/05/05 \triangleright 2. Wave Information (000977.sz) Annual Report 2022:
Given that the company is the leading firm in the server industry, it is expected that, against a backdrop of high demand for arithmetic, the wave of information (000977.sz) will be rated as benefiting the arithmetic and maintaining the “recommended” rating.
4. Wave information (000977.sz) Quarterly Report Point 2022 5. Wave information (000977.sh) : 2022: Research findings from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.