q2 puts pressure on the edge of the chip supply to improve the gpu supply and short-term pressure on the company to publish its semi-annual report for 2023.
This is mainly due to a decline in sales of traditional servers and a tight supply of i-server gpu. Overseas receipts grew faster, with $4,516 million abroad during the reporting period, an increase of 47.44 per cent. Cost controls are better and research and development inputs continue to increase.
Corporate costs are better controlled, with sales costs, administrative costs, financial costs falling by 14.53 per cent, 19.35 per cent and 125.48 per cent, respectively. Increasing R & D investment continues.
Yearly, a new generation of G7 computing platforms is launched, covering 16 products that are applied to cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence. The latest generation of i training servers for integration structures is nf5688g7, which is nearly seven times higher than the old platform models, and is associated with Intel.
The highest/lowest price in 52 weeks releases a new generation of aai server nf5698g7, based on the open acceleration module oam high-speed interconnection to the production ai field.
At the smart-calculation dispatching system level, wave information introduces anaistation smart business innovator, Wave Group Ltd. Production platform, complete model training failure recovery ongoing programme, and delivers training on large models
Automated processing of anomalies and fault diagnostics reduced training times by 90 per cent. In the data infrastructure, wave information has been comprehensively distributed to platform-type products such as centralized storage, backup and archive storage, which have become user kernels such as banking, insurance, securities, communications, etc.
Wave information storage has the capability to store software and ssd-wide technology R & D, which promotes ssd's orientation to specific scenarios and enhances the storage system's performance by co-opting and ssd.
On August 24, British Weida released its second quarterly financial report as of 30 July of this year, which achieved revenue of $13.51 billion, an increase of 101 per cent compared to the projected $1.19 billion.
Dollars; net profit of $6.19 billion, an increase of 843 per cent over the same year. Of this amount, data centre operating income was $10.32 billion, an increase of 171 per cent over the same year, and the ring grew by 16 per cent, representing an increase of 76.4 per cent in total revenue, a historical record and a logic of arithmetic validated.
*ai servers are in high demand, benefiting from a wave of artificial intelligence, and i servers are in high demand. According to International Data Corporation idc, Wave Information, Qinghua University Institute of Global Industry, Global 2022-2023.
The Arithmetic Index Assessment report shows that in 2022, China maintained a positive growth of 6.9% in the overall server market, accounting for 25% of the global market. Of this, the generator ai calculation market model will increase sharply from $820 million in 2022 to $1,0.99 billion in 2026, driving it.
An important engine for future innovation in the Internet, finance, education, health, and manufacturing sectors. According to the idc report, China’s semi-annual accelerated computing market (second half of 2022), the accelerated server market reached $6.7 billion in 2022, an increase of 24% over the same year.
The gpu server continues to dominate, accounting for 89% of the market share, amounting to $6 billion. idc projects that by 2027, China ' s accelerated server market will be at the end of $16.4 billion: British Weida is showing signs of expansion of production capacity.
From the gpu supply side, the potential growth of British Weida production is expected, with the domestic i-server city taking the lead on the wave. Diigimes report that the power builder intends to expand its coyos capacity from the current 8,000 per month to 11,000 per month by the end of this year, to 2024.
At the same time, amd is trying to book additional cowos capacity for next year. With improved supply margins, the company’s performance in the second half of the year is expected to turn.
The impact of such factors as the decline in server demand and the pressure on the supply of gpu, short-term pressure on corporate performance, and as the global supply margin of gpu improves, firms are expected to move towards a performance trap in the third quarter, maintaining that downstream customer demand is expanding less than expected; increased competition in the industry; and poor product technology development.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.