Businesses Bank (600036): Strategy and Client Strengths Sustained, Focusing on the Value of Long-term Investments Events: Merchant Banks Disclosure of 1q22: Net Gains of $36.02 billion, yoy+12.5%; Camps
At the end of March 22, the Bank of Merchants was the first fully-owned commercial bank in the country.
Q1’s financial performance is largely in line with expectations. The rate of profit growth has slowed somewhat over the previous year. Dismantling shows that the decline in non-interest income growth (-1.4%) is the main negative factor that weakens profitability; the main positive factor is scale.
The transformational goal of building “light banks” is to achieve a dynamic and balanced development of “quality, efficiency, scale” and weak business performance, especially as the middle-income growth did not last year's level, which is the main cause of the slowdown in profit growth.
The structure continued to be optimized, digitalization began to take shape, and internationalization and integration advanced. (1) The scale expansion slowed down over the same period last year. Loans increased by 3.4 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, with retail loans increasing.
At the beginning of the year, only 1.3% of the increase was recorded, mainly due to recurrent shocks from the epidemic, which led to a weak demand for public credit. With the easing of policies related to real estate, such as consumption stimulus, restricted access to credit, and the dissipation of the impact of the epidemic, retail credit growth is expected to recover.
(ii) Debt costs are extremely optimized and interest differentials are impressive. The company has increased its net interest gap by a quarter, from 3 bp to 2.51% over the previous year.
At the end of the first quarter, the average daily balance of q1 deposits was higher than at the beginning of the year by 13.7 per cent, representing an 81 per cent increase in interest-bearing debt and an increase of 4 pct over the previous year. The further increase in the ratio of deposits resulted in an interest-bearing liability of 1.58 per cent, a drop of 1 bp from the very low of the previous year.
Clients and co-workers have a strong client base and a better debt-cost advantage than their counterparts is expected to be maintained. (3) Non-interest income has fallen at a rate of 6.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis. q1 non-interest income as a percentage of the revenue collected is 40.8 per cent.
Circulation unit b/h unit (millions of units) (4) Risk exposure is adequate and asset provisions are stable. At the end of the first quarter, the rates of underactivity, interest and overdue loans increased by 3, 12 and 6bp, respectively, compared to the end of the previous year, mainly due to real estate client risks
In view of the prudential nature of the company, it is expected that the housing and property sector risks will be sufficiently exposed and that the quality of assets, despite industry pressures, is expected to remain stable.
Quarterly revenues and earnings are rising slightly at a steady and steady rate, overall in line with expectations. Given the firm client base of the company, a stable debt cost advantage is expected to support the company’s higher net interest differentials; the larger wealth management business is well-placed, and the growth in non-interest income is expected to recover with a warmer capital market, thus supporting the growth rate.
In addition, real estate-related risks are well exposed, and asset quality is expected to remain stable. We expect deep-farm retail operations to have a strong customer base and stable and efficient organizational structure.
We continue to look at leading business models, business models, organizational models, values of large wealth management, and the circulation chain is expected to continue to work and strengthen the competitiveness of the company ' s markets.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Figure 1: Net profit increase of 1q22 by 12.5 per cent in comparison with the profit increase of 12.5 per cent in relation to the net profit of 1q22 in the comptoir bank
Figure 3: Merchant Banks ' performance split by 2021, 1q22 Source of Eastern Finance and Leaps Figure 4: Merchant Banks ' net interest difference of 1q22 is 2.51%, 3bp up by 2021
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Brethren Bank (600036): strategy and customer advantage persist, focusing on the value of long-term investments, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hsing Securities Corporation reports: Recruitment Bank (600036): Strategy and customer advantage persist, with attention to the value of long-term investments, without any guarantee that the information and advice involved will not change. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.