Market fluctuations, changes in personnel, and the status of the vanguard of wealth have led to a decline in revenue collection and profit growth.
High base figure, partially affected by a significant downswing in the medium-growth rate. Contribution breakdown: middle-generation and provision, the main cause of the loss in profit. 22q1 is 2021, contribution is 4.9cpt less, contribution is 4.2 pct less, contribution to expansion is 1.0 pct less, net difference is much higher.
In a less favourable market environment, wealth management is still very strong. 22q1 retail aum is receiving yay-8.7% in wealth management \triangleright, mainly under-received fund and trust revenues and under-received insurance.
By structure, the growth rate of the private sector aum has fallen and the growth of the long end has been better. 22q1 growth of the private sector aum \triangleright \triangleright
Big fortune year harvests, 3.0-mode top-downs, falling rapidly from 5.0 pct to 17.3 per cent, but long-tail customers below sunflowers aum grew by 21.5 per cent in the same year. Table 2. Merchant banks: performance up, roe back up--
Financial science and technology can be effectively empowered with apps. - 2021 \triangleright \triangleright
The negative rate has risen slightly, with a steady high level of provision. The 22q1 class-calibre real estate industry has a low rate of 2.57 per cent, compared to 1.39 per cent at the end of 2021, raising 118bp, with a flat loan failure ratio, which eventually raises the overall negative rate ring by 3bp to 0.94 per cent, which remains low in the industry.
Investment recommendations: performance has dropped slightly and business performance has remained relatively high \triangleright net interest income base has stabilized; the rate of growth has been hampered by the q1 market environment and has not changed wealth management
Long logic; housing enterprise risk leads to an upturn but is generally manageable; personnel changes have an operational impact or are less significant: as of 22q1, aggregate of average growth in the performance of hiring banks: as of 22q1, decryption of net profit growth contribution factors in hiring banks
Figure 8: Single-quarter net interest differentials and asset liabilities split as at 22q1, Figure 11: Non-performing loan rates as at 22q1. Summary of forecast data on corporate financial statements
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.