Quarterly summary: Merchant Bank net profit of $36 billion in January 2022. Of this, interest net revenue, net revenue from fees and other non-interests increased by 10.0 per cent, 5.5 per cent and 10 per cent on the same basis, and operating income was equal.
The first quarter net profit was increased by 12.5% over the previous year, the rate of decline, the spread of the epidemic, the rate of profit is back to normal, and the absolute levels of corporate profitability, capital, and provision are still excellent.
First, interest differentials and deposits continue to perform better than in the previous reporting period: net interest differentials have recovered slightly for three consecutive quarters, net difference performance has remained stable; deposits have grown better, and fluctuations in deposit excellence are objectively present, especially in larger companies, and are less likely to be out of the market.
The fees have been growing by 5.5 per cent, the operations have been fragmented and the income has been resilient. Third, asset quality and closure indicators have slightly increased, have been smaller, provision coverage has declined, and stocks remain high. Among the three core factors affecting banks, the shareholder and customer base has remained unchanged, with companies in the industry.
Looking back at the changes in the management of the Department in 2013, changes in strategy and changes in the quality of corporate assets may affect competition.
The main factors behind the change in valuations are less likely to be significant changes in the overall orientation of the current recruitment strategy in terms of industry trends, shareholder and customer base.
The potential impact of real estate, in the second half of last year, in the case of Merchant Banks: Increasing Proficiency, and the Conservancy of Wealth Management, is still to be seen.
Merchant Banks: Further Exploiting the Lead 20211023 S.H.I.S.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
In the first quarter of 2022, the comptoir bank returned its net profit of $36 billion to the mother, which was stable in size, and provided for an increase in contribution performance. Of this, interest net receipts, net fees and other non-interests increased by 10.0%, 5.5% and 10%, operating income increased by 8.5%, and total assets grew by 8.5% at the beginning of the year.
The first quarter of net profit has increased by 12.5% over the previous year, at a slower rate than last year, after the outbreak, at a higher rate of return to normality, at a higher rate of corporate reporting, at a higher absolute level, in terms of profitability, capital, and provision. The first quarter of profit growth has been mainly due to the contribution of scale growth and the provision of nursing, with marginal non-interest and contribution falling compared to the previous reporting period.
First, interest differentials and deposits continue to perform relatively well: the net difference has recovered slightly for three consecutive quarters, the net difference has remained stable; deposits have increased better and the deposit advantage has intensified. Second, there has been a negative 11 per cent growth in wealth income, or an excessive fear, and the volatility of capital markets as a whole remains objective, especially for larger companies, and it is less likely to leave the market.
Third, the marginality of asset quality and provision is slightly weak, and the risk buffer is still strong. Real estate problems are gradually emerging, and the related indicators are rising slightly, with smaller scale, reduced coverage, and stocks remain high. In the short term, market sentiment may still be strained by sudden changes in management. In the long run, we believe that three of the core factors that affect banks are:
While the shareholder and customer base remains unchanged, the company ' s comparative advantage in the industry remains unshakeable, the ability of future management to enhance retail wealth business excellence and to strengthen the public customer base and operation may be central to influencing the range of valuation premiums. Looking back at the 2013 changes in corporate management, changes in strategy and changes in the quality of corporate assets may be major factors influencing the recruitment of relative valuation changes (see figure 2).
The impact of changes in management on specific business management, at this stage, may still need to be observed. The likely impact of real estate, stock prices and the market market since the second half of last year have been expected, with attention to the impact of continued improvements in real estate policy on the quality of real estate assets and actual losses.
The net difference was slightly improved in the third quarter of a row, with a slight improvement in the third quarter of a row and an increase in the ring from 3bp to 2.51% over the previous quarter. By split, the asset end rate of return was 3.97% and the ring ratio was flat, owing mainly to: on the one hand, the loan rate of 4.68% and the ring of 4bp, on the other hand, the loan ratio was slightly higher.
Decrease (by average published balance). End-of-service cost rate 1.58 per cent and ring ratio 2 bp, mainly due to savings rate of 1.46 per cent, 2 bp higher than 3 quarters and savings higher (by average published balance) lower liability cost. 1 quarter net interest gap ring slightly reduced by 1 bp, and same-year performance slightly delayed. Sustained stability of interest differentials reflects good asset-liability profile and solidity
On average, interest-bearing assets grew 10.3% on a year-on-year basis, compared to the previous quarter’s decline in wealth-impact income and a slowdown in high transaction costs.
Net revenue from fees increased by 5.5 per cent over the year, mainly as a result of changes in capital markets, a 11.1 per cent decline in income from wealth management over the year, or a larger decline in proceeds from sales such as major funds, an increase of $3,249 million in asset management income, such as finance and recruitment funds, an increase of 47.55 per cent over the same period; and a 10 per cent increase in other net non-interest income from hosting fees, a slowdown in the rate of increase, mainly due to the exchange rate fluctuations in debt markets and major funds.
At the same time, other combined gains of $11,669 million, representing a decrease of 9.84% from the end of the previous year, were mainly classified as less than the valuation of financial assets measured at fair value and whose changes were accounted for in other combined gains. Real estate effects continue to show their absolute advantage over time in indicators related to asset quality, asset quality, and provision.
Real estate is under pressure for asset quality. According to company announcements of “company” caliber, asset quality pressure is mainly due to public interest, whereas in the public sector classification, only bad real estate rose, with a rate of 2.57% of bad corporate-calibre real estate loans, up 1.18 percentage points from the end of the year.
Total non-credit risk-bearing business balances such as trust loans, sales trusts administered by cooperating agencies, and debt financing instruments such as master underwriting, $37,836.5 million, a decrease of 8.18 per cent compared with the end of the previous year.
The non-lending loss is still much higher. Loan impairments are set at $25.5 billion, an increase of $4.4 billion over last year, well below the incremental plan, reference money, core capital upgrades, and continued capital advantage.
Macroeconomic development affects the operation of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the bank’s assets, thereby affecting the bank’s profitability.
Unit: other than percentage: rmb million