Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 3 quarterly reports issued by companies with revenue of $11.6 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 1.1 per cent, and net profit of the mother 48.1 per cent
Billion dollars, or 30 per cent more; $3.96 billion, or 14.5 per cent, for the third quarter alone; net profit for the mother, $15.9 billion, or 52.6 per cent more; Māori rate and cost ratio contributing to the three-quarter profit end performance; and rapid growth in the post-influenza cellar, or the combined Māori rate.
The 3q20 company increased revenue by 14.5 per cent, driven mainly by the high-end wine cellar, 1573, the 3q cellar, 60 editions of the high-end special and the ten-generation old-age special, and the slow recovery and continuation of the decline in the aftermath of the epidemic.
A comparison of company prices with the upward trend of 300 per cent A robust cash flow in advance receipts improved financial quality by RMB 1.23 billion, a 109 per cent increase in ring value of 2q20 and a 22.6 per cent decrease in value of 3q19 per year.
3q20 operating net cash flow of $2.07 billion, 26.2 per cent more, double ring ratio of 2q20, and improved financial quality ratio. 3q20 operating taxes increased by 62 per cent, considering the same cost of consolidated statements.
The cellar, as the third brand of high-end white wine, is expected to benefit from a low-end dividend and a deep-control system of profit, showing a rising volume and maintaining double-digit growth, with a 13 per cent compound increase projected over the next three years, a national branding, a strong regionalization of the cellar and a weak market space for upgrading.
Still big, the company Henan will start a battle that will introduce the Kutai model, planning the sale of the cellars for 20 to 22 years at $5, $800 million and $1.2 billion, respectively, and we are now on track; moreover, we remain optimistic about the recovery of the price belt at the lower end, with the prospect of a successful return to the epidemic.
1. "Waaan Securities Company Research Insight Report " (000568), the cellars continue to rise, and the specials are on their way back, and the cellars, as the third brand of high-end white wine, will continue to benefit from the low-end dividends, folding the cellars themselves.
(a) Channels for building power and deep-control disks, with a forward-looking upward trend over the next three years;
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legitimate compliance information, and are based on publicly available information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.