The reason for the report is: three seasons of review, high-end white wine lead, profit supermarket expectations.
On the evening of 28 October 2020, the three-quarterly report was disclosed, with revenues of $11,599 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 10.6 per cent in the same year; net profits of $4,815 million, an increase of 26.88 per cent in the same year.
The country’s customers showed strong performance, with a double-digit increase in q3 revenue. The company achieved 11.599 billion yuan in business income in the first three quarters, an increase of 106 per cent in the same year, $4.815 billion in net profit for mothers, $1,595 million in net profit for mothers, an increase of 52.55 per cent in the same year, and a significant improvement in the performance of the q3 ring.
In addition, the distributors have been positive in their return, q3 sales have received a 25.89% increase in cash on a year-on-year basis, and the cash flow has increased faster than the recovery rate. The country’s share has risen and the cost rate has fallen, increasing profitability.
\triangleright is due to reduced marketing activities during the epidemic, reduced advertising and market outreach costs, transportation and storage costs; administrative costs of 5.25 per cent, an increase of 0.23 pct over the same period
Five New Deals emphasize strict compliance with quotas and hope to sustain positive growth. According to the microbarrel \triangleright report, on October 28, the company released five New Deals, in which the company announced that in November of the current year it would be able to make a difference between the two.
This is an option for companies to have confidence in stabilizing market price systems and distributors, on the one hand, and an initiative for companies to “go ahead” after three quarters of high growth, on the other hand. In our view, the price is currently flat.
As high-end alcohol continues to grow and the difference between the price of the hut and the price of the duo continues to grow, the price of ITC at 69 West Street, Taiwon City City, on the 28th floor, increases further. Looking ahead, next year, as the price increases of the country’s customers become more visible and the channels become more expensive.
In Beijing, the city's west corner, 28 West and Central China, is sinking, while in the post-epidemiological era, low- and medium-level alcohol is expected to grow, companies are growing, and the centre is on the seventh floor.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., three quarters high-end white wine lead, o3 harvest, double-digit profit growth, profit supermarket forecast. We believe that the price of high-end white wine is now strong and will rise in the future as the size of the cellar rises.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have no reason, no reason, and I will not.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.