In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved a gross revenue.
In 11,599 million yuan, an increase of 10.6 per cent in the same year; net profit on return to mothers of $4,815 million, and, secondly, our analysis and judgment of the ring relative to income, the net profit rate has improved significantly.
202001-03, with revenue of $35.52, 40.823,964 million, and a similar trend towards branding and concentration of quality in the beneficiary industries, the cellar 1573 as a fragrance pole is expected to continue its higher growth. H1 maintains a growth rate of more than 10% and is the first to recover.
Reflecting the gold content of the core brand; the expected acceleration of the Quarterly Ratio of 03 is expected. From September 10, 52 degrees, 38 degrees, and 1573 centimeters, respectively, were increased by $40/bottles/bottles and $30/bottles, which contributed significantly to the speedier pace of the mid-twilight seasons.
Innovative marketing, promotion of a breakout, and pre-positioning of a special star product. H1 company, which is highly adapted to the adaptation of the drinking grounds and environment, innovates a variety of online activities, including live broadcasts, taking advantage of the super-business, power-market platform, and enhances and expands its sales.
At the same time, the company’s headlines, two-songs, support products at the bottom, and a better three-quarters improvement.
The first three quarters, the company’s three rates of cost [Galactic Food Drinks Innocuous] industry dynamics were reported to have decreased by 12.97 pct on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to lower sales costs.
Food and beverage Industry: Focus on Mid-Autumn performance drives, captures high-quality track values, alcohol ratios rises, and net interest rates increase significantly, thanks to lower cost rates during the period.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.