The Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Center has good sales in the country, q3 outperforms expectations, and good sales in the country. 20q3 income is $3.95 billion, an increase of 14.45 per cent in the same year.
The middle-rate wine (the special + the cellar bell) dropped flat and the lower end (the headline + the second) fell. The source feedback was that the country's 13 billion-dollar target had been successfully met and Henan had launched the China War, planning for 2023, with a sustained improvement in the structure of Henan's products and a marked increase in operational efficiency.
Continue to raise the overall Māori ratio by +2.67 pcts. 20q3 net interest rate by +10 pcts to 40%, mainly due to a marked improvement in cost rates. Of these, sales costs are similar to 13.77 pcts, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic on advertising and market outreach costs. Management costs are equal to -0.67 pct, turnover tax.
3. " Keeping the performance high, with year-round targets real and plus ratio + 4.12 pcts. Resolutely determined, high-end layouts are steadily moving forward.
In August, the cellar allowed distributors and terminals to exchange quotas with qualified price invoices, strictly controlled the ticket opening process to prevent the movement of goods, with a strong resolve to increase the price by $40 per bottle, starting September 10. Under the effective balance of prices, the price of the cellar has now been stabilized at $850, with 1.5 channels in stock.
In addition, the central wines are concentrated on the head, the specials and the nationalization of the market have accelerated, deepening the Henan and China East markets. The cellars have launched the Chinese war in Henan, and have increased their pitching and duration with Bira; and at the end of July they set up the Long Triangle 38-degree Union, which is pushing.
In the medium-to-long term, the cellar is expected to continue to raise the market share of China, China, and the East, among others, with excellent brand power and channel push. Taking into account the over-expected performance of the company’s performance, we have raised the profit forecast, which is expected to return to the mother’s net profit in 20-22 years.
Liu Xing Tsing, The uncertainty of the epidemic has frustrated the demand for white wine; macroeconomic downsides; and increased competition in the industry.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment