Food beverages in the Penang State (000568), product structure upgrades and lower cost rates lead to high performance growth at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: the company achieved $11.6 billion in revenue in the first three quarters of 2020, i.e. + 1.1 per cent of the year, resulting in a net profit for the mother of $4.82 billion, i.e. + 26.9 per cent of the year; of this, $3.96 billion was earned in the first quarter of 20q3, i.e. + 14.4 per cent of the year, the net profit for the mother of $1.60 billion, i.e. + 52.5 per cent of the year; the income was in line with expectations, with the profit for the third quarter of the year exceeding expectations.
The country’s guests are showing a bright view, the middle- and low-end drinking rings are better, and cash flows are better than ever. 1. Benefiting from meals and consumption is back to normal, the pipeline is replenished, and the high-end wine cellars are estimated to grow by about 25% in the first three quarters of 1573; middle end of the spectrum, wine specials, cellar ages benefit from back-to-back consumption, such as double-firch weddings, dinners, etc. The link is better than the following:
The three-quarter low-end liquor sales have continued to improve, but are still undergoing adjustment, and the core markets of south-west, central and north-west China have recovered well from a regional perspective, with double-digit growth projected for the three-quarters alone, with Henan as their representative, with significant results.
Quarterly cash inflows in excess of -6.2 per cent, forecast receipts at the end of the season of $1.39 billion, 12.7 per cent, ring increases in Maori rates, lower cost rates, and a marked increase in net interest rates. The previous three quarters saw an increase of 2.5 percentage points to 83.6 per cent (a 2.7 percentage point increase in the first three quarters), mainly as a result of product structural upgrading,
The old adjective equals the price. Cost falls by 6.7 percentage points to 19.7 per cent, with sales falling by 7.3 to 15.4 per cent, mainly as a result of the impact of the epidemic on advertising and market expansion; management costs, including R & D, are stable; net interest rates are raised by 8.1 to 15 per cent.
41.3 per cent (9.5 percentage points higher in three quarters alone) and increasing profitability. • High-end cellars are steadily up, with medium-end drinking power, i.e., the opening of yellow-tailed bases is expected to lead to a return to low-end alcohol growth.1 Epidemic stress tests continue to over-expected the cellar performance, with bulk prices following the roof and the five grain fluids rising steadily, up to a high level
In a context of sustained economic and consumer confidence, the impact of last year's price hikes is expected to be absorbed gradually, with the caption 60 starting to be nationalized, with the center-end alcohol running at the end.
1. The state cellar (000568); the state cellar is well restored, the central state cellar (000568); the high- and medium-level wine continues to function.
Stable performance growth (2019-10-31) No direct or indirect compensation will be obtained either for no reason or for no reason, nor for any specific recommendation or opinion in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.