q3 is over-expected, the cellar is rejuvenated to the top feature, October 28, 2020, research assistant Song Young-goon.
The country's customers have been up + the top + theore recovery, leading to income growth: the company's 20q1-q3 has achieved a steady increase in the price of 11,600 billion (same 1) of the country's customers, 1573. According to the feedback from the study, the country's customers have been changing continuously since June, the company's price initiative has been effective, the channel's inventory is good, and the prices of their products have been raised separately on 10 September at a high and low level.
The 40/30/bottle greatly contributed to the mid-autumn return; thanks to the company-controlled price increases and the upswing of five batches, the current price of 1573 batches has been quickly restored in the light of the company’s management and the strong enforcement capacity of front-line sales workers. As a small number of nationally known middle-class liquor brands, the specials have been able to recover with consumption in the second half of the year.
• Māori upgrades + sales costs are falling, q3 performance is over-expected: the company’s net interest rate of 20q3 has risen significantly
The lower publicity costs and the lower base of 19q3 and the increase in the Māori ratio of 20q3 from 2.7 pct to 86.9 per cent are also contributing to the net interest rate level, which is expected to be good sales in the national cellar and mid-autumn, high-end singles 60 editions of which are expected to be marketed over and above expectations, resulting from the optimization of the overall product structure, in addition to the public sector.
With respect to cash flows, the cash flow ratio of the company q3 has improved considerably. The cash flow of 20 q3 is down by the same year, but the ring has improved continuously, and q3 sales have yielded $5.16 billion (Run 1: The Cedars of the State (000568);
+1.6 billion) net cash flow from operating activities of 2.07 billion (ring + 1.02 billion). Corporate contract liabilities.
One of the few national high-end brands of white wine has gained prominence, benefiting from the spillover effects of the huts to boost profits, on the way to brand revival, and the reform of the channels of corporate control, which in recent years have shown a sharp and steady increase in the price of the batch.
In addition, we've been looking at the rejuvenation of the special brand for a long time.
After 10 billion, it seems to be the third largest growth in the company.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board