MIDEA Group [000333.CH]
Confidence in Q2 Shipments
We continue to like Midea Group on account of its product upgrade story
and continued margin expansion. Since the beginning of 2018, Midea has
been the largest beneficiary of foreign buying in China's white goods sector.
Home Appliances Sector
Several factors set Midea apart from its peers: its global footprint, diversified
product mix, corporate governance and technological edge. We maintain our
Buy
earnings multiple. We believe that the Group's competitive exports, strong
brand portfolio, leadership position in robotics and high 25%+ EPS growth
warrant a premium to its peers.
Close: RMB 56.32 (June 11, 2018)
Premium Brand to Expand Margins: Midea will launch a new high-end
brand, including refrigerators, washing machines and kitchen appliances,
through its dedicated flagship and experience stores, which will help drive
Target Price: RMB 67 (+19%)
margin improvement in 2018-2020E.
Price Performance
Air Con Sell-through Rate Remains Strong: Air conditioners, which
account for >45% of Midea's gross profit, saw ~40% YoY growth in Q1.
While April and May installations have slowed to a 20% growth rate YoY,
Midea management still anticipates double-digit growth for the full year. With
some industry peers such as Gree reporting an acceleration in AC
installations since May, we believe the Group's sales are on track.
Stock Supported by Overseas Investors: Midea is the 6th largest name in
the MSCI China A Inclusion Index, with a weighting of ~1.92%. Since the
beginning of 2018, foreign investors have increased their stake to 11.2%,
making Midea one of the most popular A-share blue-chips and home
appliance makers. Since its MSCI inclusion, Midea has continued to capture
more northbound flow on HK Stock Connect than other white goods names,
with more than RMB2bn in net buying.
Sources: Company, Bloomberg
Jeff Dorr – Analyst
We reiterate our Buy Call on the stock in anticipation of strong earnings
growth in 1H2018, net of forex adjustments. The Group's strong 25%+ EPS
growth should support its 13.5x 2019E PER.
Johnson Cheung – Research Director
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International
Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such
jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made
as to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance.
The recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited and any of its
subsidiaries ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International.
China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies) the securities in respect of which are reviewed in this report, and
such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or more than 1 % of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies), mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
China Galaxy International may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of, any
or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, China Galaxy International may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is,
or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal
in or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-
listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
BUY
share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.