q2 shows a decline in performance, and the electrolytic fluid is still resilient \triangleright \triangleright \ electrolytic fluids are ahead of schedule. In terms of volume, we measure the company's delivery of about 170,000 in the first half of the year.
\triangleright tons. One ton of profit, company q1 tons of electrolyte = 0.7 million per ton +, and we expect q2 tons of net profit, Dun Yongkang.
Iron phosphate is profitable, looking at the need for warmth in the second half of the year. In terms of volume, we expect the company to deliver 19,000 tons of iron q2 phosphate and 10,000 tons of iron q2 phosphate. In terms of profitability, we expect the q2 company phosphate business, Lee Hyo Peng, research assistant.
The central reason for the loss is that the price of h1 phosphate has fallen all the way in 23 years, and the company q2 has reduced the value of the high stock. Throughout the year, the second half of the year was affected by the warming of storage energy and power cell demand, and we expect that the production of phosphate, lithium, will rise gradually, and the demand for phosphate is expected to return, so the start rate will increase and add up to the price of the material.
The global layout of production capacity is firmly based on the long-term growth logic of the company. Despite the decline in the single-ton profit ring, the company’s profits are expected to increase to a reasonable profit level in the second half of the year.
\triangleright, but real profitability is a significant leader in the same industry, for a core reason: 1. The company ' s current ability to sequester lithium hexafluoride has reached 95 per cent, and the company ' s 6f liquid process is less energy-consuming, adds up to the scale effect, and the company ' s 6f cost is high
The company ' s ability to produce lifsi is on the ground, the effects of scale are visible, and in the long run the Division announces the progress of pre-project work on 200,000 tons in Texas, which is expected to further strengthen the company ' s overseas marketing strategy and raise the company ' s share of overseas municipalities.
1. Tianchi material (002709.sz) Quarterly Report 2023: Evaluation: Performance in line with expectations, high profitability of electrolyte taps - 2023/04/19
2. Tianchi material (002709.sz) 2022: High performance of electrolytic fluid taps, integrated layout driven drops - 14 and 12 times, taking into account the company ' s integrated layout, clear profit advantages, phosphate contribution added, sustained
\triangleright \triangleright
The risk of offshore projects being built and put into production at a slower pace than expected is released. 4. Tianchi material (002.09.sz) 2022 semi-annual report assessment: the integrated layout continues to move forward and the electrolytic fluids are profitable.
5. An event review of the gifted material (002.709.sz): full capacity methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.