The electrolytic liquid taps are profitable and sound, integrated with follow-up materials (002.709.sz) Net profit on mother ' s return is $1,288 million, a decrease of 55.67 per cent; net profit on non-mother ' s deduction is 1,271 million
The electrolyte taps are profitable. In the first half of 2023, the company had a Māori ratio of 30.43 per cent, compared with \triangleright 2023q2 for 90,000 tons of electrolyte, an increase of about 39 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of about 0.6 million tons.
In terms of integration, the public-sector ratio of lithium hexafluoride and lifsi self-supply is more than 92%, with some core additives supplied.
At the high end of the spectrum, the company ' s core lithium phosphate battery customers have imported lots of lifsi, and the company expects a steady and rapid increase in the rate of addition and use of lifsi with 4c fast charge and 4680 cylinders of batteries.
The offshore market is moving forward. The company's local customers are imported well in Europe, the German oem factory is starting to produce and supply \triangleright bulk; the North American electrolyte project is continuing.
With $5,978 million in funds, the company expects to add 289 million shares to basea shares in the country, no more than 15 per cent of the total share before issuance, which will finance the construction of Moroccan and American bases \triangleright
Risk factors: lower demand for new energy vehicles than expected; risk of an iterative change in lithium battery technology; greater than anticipated risk of volatile material prices; less than expected risk from company gdr; environmental protection and safety
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the photovolt industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, 2022, and became a research assistant in the electricity equipment and storage industry at the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Chen Jie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, 2022, in the lithium electric materials industry.
Sun-ran, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, with responsibility for the new energy agency, Lee Woo-hung, team member, Master of Economics, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and in 2023, with no negative component, no part, and no direct or indirect relevance to the specific analytical or opinion presented in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.