PhillipCapital
雲南白藥 (000538.CH)
混改落地助力發展新階段
醫藥| 公司研報
品牌延展能力強
買入 (首次)
雲南白藥原本生產並銷售具有止血功能的抗感染中藥“白藥”，白藥配方爲國家
(現價截至1月4日)
級保密配方,無直接競爭者,定價能力強。近年來,公司積極實施以“藥”爲本的
目標價: CNY 90.60 (+22.6%)
‘新白藥、大健康”的發展戰略，重點發展四大業務板塊：藥品板塊以雲南白藥中央/
透皮產品爲成熟現金牛品種，普藥則以氣血康口服液、血塞通膠囊的一系列新品推動
公司資料
穩健增長；健康產品板塊在確保白藥牙膏較快增長的情況下，重點推進養元青洗髮護
普通股股東 (百萬股):
1,041
髮系列、清逸堂衛生巾系列；中藥資源板塊則利用雲南道地天然植物藥材的資源優勢
市値 (人民幣百萬元):
76,930
52 周 最高價/最低價 (人民幣元):
76.15/53.50
構建原材料資源全產業鏈；此外，公司醫藥商業板塊亦不斷通過管道的持續完善爲公
司貢獻穩定的收入。
主要股東,%
雲南白藥控股有限公司:
股價表現， %
Source: Company reports, Phillip Securities (HK) Research
值得一提的是，在推動新戰略過程中,公司品牌延展能力凸顯,雲南白藥牙膏已
成為市場份額前三的知名品牌，且是市場份額前五中唯一國產品牌。藉此，公司成為
Source: Phillip Securities (HK) Research
過去十多年醫藥股中的長跑冠軍。
財務資料
混改落地助力發展新階段
根據公告，新華都擬向公司控股股東白藥控股增資約人民幣 254 億元。交易完成
後，白藥控股的股權結構將由雲南省國資委持有 100%股權變更爲雲南省國資委和新華
都各持有 50%股權,同時,白藥控股仍持有公司 41.52%的股份,本次事項亦觸發上市
公司層面的要約收購。
混改完成後，集團控股將由國有獨資變爲國有民營混合，並且民營擁有足夠股東
Source: Company reports, Phillip Securities Est.
表決話語權，這將令雲南白藥的管理模式趨於靈活和市場化（未來白藥控股的董事、
監事及高級管理人員均以市場化原則進行選聘），並爲上市公司未來推進股權激勵奠
研究分析員
定基礎，同時，公司的外延並購亦有望提速，新業務拓展或步入新臺階，未來有望在
范國和
精准醫療、養老養生、醫療服務等大健康領域加快佈局，推動公司進入發展新階段。
(+86 21 51699400-110)
還值一提的是，此次混改觸發了雲南白藥的全面要約收購，且未來不以終
止雲南白藥的上市地位爲目的。考慮到收購價格高達 64.98 元,僅較停牌前低
6.1%,將爲股價提供較強支撐。
估值低於同業
雲南白藥系內地中藥領軍企業，近幾年佈局大健康亦實現明顯成效，而本
次控股股東混改推進速度快、審批效率高均爲行業少有，有望成爲行業標杆性
事件。考慮公司原主業穩健發展及深厚的品牌資源價值，集團混改又將帶來新
一輪發展機遇，給予其對應 2017 年每股收益 27.5 倍估值，目標價為 90.6 元，
首予“買入”評級。(現價截至1月4日)
Historical P/E Valuation
Peer Comparison
Source: Bloomberg, Phillip Securities (HK) Research
日化產品增速低於預期;
主要原材料價格上漲;
國企改革效果低於預期。
財務報告
Source: Company, Phillip Securities (HK) Research Estimates
(財務資料截至1月4日)
雲南白藥（000538 CH）
公司研報
PHILLIP RESEARCH STOCK SELECTION SYSTEMS
We do not base our recommendations entirely on the above quantitative return bands. We consider qualitative factors like (but not limited to) a
stock's risk reward profile, market sentiment, recent rate of share price appreciation, presence or absence of stock price catalysts, and speculative
undertones surrounding the stock, before making our final recommendation
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
This publication is prepared by Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd ("Phillip Securities"). By receiving or reading this publication, you agree to be bound by the terms and
limitations set out below.
This publication shall not be reproduced in whole or in part, distributed or published by you for any purpose. Phillip Securities shall not be liable for any direct or
consequential loss arising from any use of material contained in this publication.
The information contained in this publication has been obtained from public sources which Phillip Securities has no reason to believe are unreliable and any analysis,
forecasts, projections, expectations and opinions (collectively the "Research") contained in this publication are based on such information and are expressions of belief
only. Phillip Securities has not verified this information and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made that such information or Research is accurate,
complete or verified or should be relied upon as such. Any such information or Research contained in this publication is subject to change, and Phillip Securities shall not
have any responsibility to maintain the information or Research made available or to supply any corrections, updates or releases in connection therewith. In no event will
Phillip Securities be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages which may be incurred from the use of the information or Research made
available, even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Any opinions, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, valuations and prices contained in this material are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time
without prior notice.
This material is intended for general circulation only and does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any
particular person. The products mentioned in this material may not be suitable for all investors and a person receiving or reading this material should seek advice from a
financial adviser regarding the suitability of such products, taking into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of that person,
before making a commitment to invest in any of such products.
This publication should not be relied upon as authoritative without further being subject to the recipient's own independent verification and exercise of judgment. The
fact that this publication has been made available constitutes neither a recommendation to enter into a particular transaction nor a representation that any product
described in this material is suitable or appropriate for the recipient. Recipients should be aware that many of the products which may be described in this publication
involve significant risks and may not be suitable for all investors, and that any decision to enter into transactions involving such products should not be made unless all
such risks are understood and an independent determination has been made that such transactions would be appropriate. Any discussion of the risks contained herein
with respect to any product should not be considered to be a disclosure of all risks or a complete discussion of such risks.
Nothing in this report shall be construed to be an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security. Any decision to purchase securities mentioned in this research
should take into account existing public information, including any registered prospectus in respect of such security.
Disclosure of Interest
Analyst Disclosure: Neither the analyst(s) preparing this report nor his associate has any financial interest in or serves as an officer of the listed corporation covered in
this report.
Firm's Disclosure: Phillip Securities does not have any investment banking relationship with the listed corporation covered in this report nor any financial interest of 1% or
more of the market capitalization in the listed corporation. In addition, no executive staff of Phillip Securities serves as an officer of the listed corporation.
Availability
The information, tools and material presented herein are not directed, intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where
such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to the applicable law or regulation or which would subject Phillip Securities to any registration or
licensing or other requirement, or penalty for contravention of such requirements within such jurisdiction.
Information contained herein is based on sources that Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited ("PSHK") believed to be accurate. PSHK does not bear responsibility for any
loss occasioned by reliance placed upon the contents hereof. PSHK (or its affiliates or employees) may have positions in relevant investment products. For details of
2017 Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited
Contact Information (Regional Member Companies)
SINGAPORE
MALAYSIA
Phillip Securities Pte Ltd
Phillip Capital Management Sdn Bhd
Raffles City Tower
B-3-6 Block B Level 3 Megan Avenue II,
Kuala Lumpur
JAPAN
HONG KONG
PhillipCapital Japan K.K.
Phillip Securities (HK) Ltd
Nagata-cho Bldg.,
Exchange Participant of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
8F, 2-4-3 Nagata-cho,
11/F United Centre 95 Queensway
Hong Kong
CHINA
INDONESIA
Phillip Financial Advisory (Shanghai) Co. Ltd
PT Phillip Securities Indonesia
ANZ Tower Level 23B,
No 436 Hengfeng Road,
Jl Jend Sudirman Kav 33A
Greentech Unit 604,
Jakarta 10220 – Indonesia
THAILAND
FRANCE
Phillip Securities (Thailand) Public Co. Ltd
King & Shaxson Capital Limited
15th Floor, Vorawat Building,
849 Silom Road, Silom, Bangrak,
Paris France
Bangkok 10500 Thailand
UNITED KINGDOM
UNITED STATES
King & Shaxson Capital Limited
Phillip Futures Inc
6th Floor, Candlewick House,
120 Cannon Street,
The Chicago Board of Trade Building
London, EC4N 6AS
Chicago, IL 60604 USA
AUSTRALIA
PhillipCapital Australia
Level 12, 15 William Street,
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia