Suzhoutfcopticalcommunication (300394ch) revenue steady upwards, new operations such as active laser radars, steadyupwardmovementofvenewbusinesssuchaslidar
The case of Opinion Focus investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) is a 22-and-a-half-year annual report released by Skyfu News, with 22h1 companies earning $577 million.
The same ratio +17.92 per cent; the parent net profit of $173 million, the same ratio of +25.49 per cent; and the Māori rate, which has a steady double increase in income profits and strong market demand. The 22h1 epidemic is serious, and the Division has continued to achieve a steady double growth in operating income and net profits, mainly in the Global Data Centre.
Modelling has led to a sustained increase in demand for lightware products, and a successful growth in production-driven revenues from the "high-speed light engine construction project for 5 g and data centres" built by companies using fund-raising.
The Māori rate declined slightly and cost control capacity continued to improve. 1) For Māori, the rate of Māori in 22h1 company non-sourced devices and source devices was 51.86 per cent and 26.71 per cent, respectively, compared to -1.09 pcts and 7.13 pcts, with internal adjustments in the structure of source product groups affecting product formation
(2) In respect of costs, 22h1 sales/management/financial costs are equal to the same amount of mass production of high-speed light module appliance and continuous expansion of the high-speed light engine project. 1) in respect of light devices, 200g, 400g and 800g light module products are approved.
(b) With regard to the high-speed light engine, the project for the construction of high-speed light engines for 5 g and data centres, for which the company has raised funds, has achieved mass product-scale delivery and is in step with the preparations for phase II of the expansion of capacity.
Horizontal expansion of the laser radar market is expected to open up long-term growth space. 1) On the product side, companies provide launch/receipt endlight components, 905 nm/1550 nm low-range sensitive film, etc., to the laser radar market; 2) on the resource side, external sources of the company are launched
Mobilize the iatf16949 system to meet the long-term operational needs of the laser radar plate and clarify the functions of the Arctic light power as a centre for the development of laser radar devices.
We believe that the company's laser radar-related operations are expected to be scaled up. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
Yu Weiminyu Xingji