BluesTech (300433.sz) Electronics, precision-made platform taps,
The company relies on large clients to extend the industrial chain up and down, expand product lines, and expand the downstream areas of cars, smart retailing, robots, etc.
One-stop sophisticated manufacturing enterprises. 2025q1 achieved revenues of $176.3 billion, and consumer electronics: 71.6 million shipments from idc, 25q1 Chinese smartphones, an increase of 3.3 per cent, a global increase of 1.5 per cent, and a global increase of 4.9 per cent.
Recovering. 1) The company expands its large-scale production of new materials such as sapphire, ceramics, after-work capabilities, fine metal frame processing and whole machine assembly, whole industry chain layout supports corporate product expansion & higher value and share. 2) The innovation direction provides potential growth curves
The folding screen company has a core technological reserve of utg/cpi, a deep package of clients and Andres for R & D production, and is expected to benefit from the roll-out of the Apple Collapse.
Spare parts, modules, whole aircraft assembly services to accelerate industrial precipitation and new product penetration. Automobile operations: according to the GW, the total LCD instrument load in 2024 exceeded 80 per cent; LCD gauges over 10 inches accounted for nearly 70 per cent; vehicle screens moved to large screens.
The company’s clients are rich in resources and have worked with domestic and international head manufacturers such as Tesla, Mi, Biadei, BMW, Mercedes, Ideas, and Weiwei. The company’s product categories have expanded, year after year, to generate $5.935 billion in corporate smart cars and cabin operations.
Emerging Businesses: 1) Smart Retail Business Co., in collaboration with the payment treasures, provides complete solutions and scalable production landings. 2) Companies are actively deployed in the field of robotics, 21 January 2025 in Changsha.
A human robot's back-to-back product, profit prediction, valuation and rating, demand for electricity loss, tariff risk, and product diffusion at the end of the body.
One, Deep Farmer Consumer Electronics, cutting across the industry track.
The company was established in Shenzhen in 1993 and its head office in Longsa, Hunan, in 2006, and is listed on the business board of the deep-seated business complex in 2015. The business deals with the structure of smart terminals such as smart phones and computers, new energy vehicles and smart seats, smart head displays and smart wears.
Modules and assembly, covering new materials such as glass, metals, sapphire, ceramics, plastics, carbon fibre, and accompanying accessories, engineering kits, production/detection/automated equipment, autonomously developed industrial Internet systems. At the same time, companies have for many years cultivated in the consumer electronics and new energy automobiles industry, accumulating apples, Samsung, Huayung, Mi, Opo, vivo,
Glory, Google, Meta. Tesla, Ningde, BMW, Mercedes, Popular, Ideas, Uri, Biadi, and others.
Appearance structures and functional components, such as panels, contact modules, biometrics. Smart watch, arr/vr, etc. alots have glass, sapphire, ceramics (backcaps, shell, crown), metal (wall, crown), touch control, peg, platinum.
One-stop supply and assembly capacity, including smart wear (glass, sapphire, etc.).
A, c, d shell solution based on different metal materials, with high-end properties, flashes, Google, meta.
Drugs, ceramics, sapphire alternatives. Meets client diversity: from notebooks, straight glass, laptop contact panel solutions, to structures such as gf2, ogs, gff, solid-state optical glue,
Liquid optical glue matches with lcm, oled, and then contact panels, touch strips, and pens on the notebook. In collaboration with domestic and foreign deep brand strategies, integrated glass, fingerprint modules, etc.
Sapphire mirrors, contact control modules, metal structures, etc., provide one-stop decomposition, tablet computers, Tesla, the Ninder era, treasures.
Controls (structural and functional parts and assembly), front glass/window glass, instrumentation, smart car, Mercedes, public,
Disk components, b-pillars, car-mounted decorations, body structures, rear-view mirrors, navigational devices, etc.
Since its inception, the company’s business expansion and industrial trends have shown a remarkable synergy. On March 18, 1993, the company’s predecessor, a glass-surface processing plant, was established in Shenzhen. In 2002, the company first applied glass to mobile screens in the global industry. In 2003, the company was founded the Blues Technology Company Ltd. and in 2006, it established the Blues Science and Technology Director in Hunanyang.
By 2020, through the acquisition of successful/profitable access to the apple metal chain. By 2021, the New Energy Motors Company and U.S.I.A.C. had a stable equity structure, with Zhou Qing flying and Jung Jun-roon acting in concert, through Lancet Technologies (Hong Kong) Ltd.,
Indirectly owned by Chang Sha Sunhein Investment Consulting Co. Ltd. and directly owned by Jung Jun-Lung, who jointly held 62.13% of the company ' s shares, the chairman of the company has extensive experience in managing the company and has accumulated extensive industrial experience in long-term practice, and has served as chairman of the company ' s board of directors and general manager from June 2011 to date, performing his duties as director of the company and assuming full responsibility for the company.
The company’s main business can be divided by product type into smart phones and computers, new energy cars and smart cabins, smart head displays and smart wears, and other smart terminals.
For the Māori sector, smartphones and computers account for $8,727 million, or 78.57 per cent, and contribute the most to the company. The business layout is extensive, covering leading customers in consumer electronics and automobiles. 1) Companies have been consuming electronics and new energy for many years.
In the area of mobile phones, Apple has always been the top customer of the department and has reached deep cooperation with Hua Yu and Mi; in the new energy sector, more than 30 domestic and foreign brands, including the top companies of Tesla, Biadei, Ideas, BMW, etc.)
A large client account for 49.45 per cent of total revenue. • First  second  fourth  fifth  first  second  fourth  fifth
In 2024, 24,545 R & D workers, 17.99% R & D, 5.25% growth in R & D, and a research and development institute with a focus on crispy materials, metal materials, optical applications, new sources of energy, plating technologies, touch control modules, smart manufacturing, whole-organ design, artificial intelligence, etc.
In the context of globalization, companies opened new production bases in Viet Nam in 2017, with global service stations in the US, Germany, Japan, and South Korea. Millions of yuan, with R&D costs stable at 4-5% in recent years.
The company issued offshore foreign share (h shares) on 9 July and placed it on Hong Kong ' s main trading board with a sales volume of 262 million shares, or 5 per cent of the increase in equity, of which HK$ 28.85 million, or 11 per cent of the issuance volume, this sum supplements the products of the core product categories (e.g. smartphones, computers, smart cars and cabin structures and functional modules)
Capable of upgrading production infrastructure and digital management systems for smart terminal folding screens, utg technological reserves and production capacity building for the development of smart car architectures and accompanying products for use in the production and development of smart robots 1.2 Rapid growth in performance and potential for continued growth in profitability
Income increases year by year, with a good rate of increase in net return to the mother. 20251 companies achieved revenues of 1706 million yuan, an increase of 10.10 per cent; and 5.27 per cent. Companies have made a profound convergence between manufacturing and new technologies such as the industrial Internet, big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and have significantly improved the level of data automation analysis and reverse control, improved efficiency and improved productivity, and reduced production management.
The scale effect has gradually been demonstrated, with companies controlling R & D costs beginning to yield results. In addition, companies have been able to achieve a degree of reduction in sales and management costs through streamlined management and continued cost control. Second, consumer electronics: i innovation drives growth, and corporate integration platforms continue to benefit.
2.1 The recovery in demand for mobile phones is continuing, with concern about the trend towards the end-of-ai, with global smartphone exports expected to continue in 2024. According to idc, 2024q4 global IQ cellular output grew by 2.16 per cent, to 377 million, with output increasing by 4.15 per cent in 2024 year-on-year.
According to idc data, 25q1 Chinese smartphones delivered 71.6 million, an increase of 3.3 per cent and a global increase of 1.5 per cent, reaching 305 million. Pc markets recovered slowly, with 25q1 global pc shipments increasing by 4.9 per cent.
After two consecutive years of decline, there was a small recovery, with a moderate increase of 0.96 per cent, with global pc exports of 6.32 billion units at 2025q1, representing an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period, mainly due to an increase in the volume of United States and Japanese markets, and a significant increase in stocks by United States regional producers or in response to tariff policies, reaching 16 million units, an increase of 12.6 per cent over the same period, while the Japanese market was driven by an increase of 12.6 per cent.
With regard to mobile market brands, according to idc data, the continued high-end sales of the 2025q1 three star with the Galaxys 25 high-end machine, and the strong performance of the middle end of the Galaxya series (especially the latest a36 and a56), which is the main player, regained the leading position in the market; apples made the best q1 delivery in history, averted the risk of US customs duties, and conduits feared that the supply chain could be disrupted.
With regard to pc market brands, in 2024, United Nations, Hewlett-Packard, Dale, Apple, and Hua-Soo ranked first five in the global pc market.
Ten thousand, 457% more, with 23.5% of the city remaining in the leading position. Hewlett-Packard kept the second position with 53 million deliveries, or 0.19% more. Dale's output reached 39.1 million, a decline of 2.25%. Apple output increased by 457%, to 22.9 million. Hua-Soo increased the most, to 6.55%, and the volume reached 17.9 million, and the market is moving.
2.2 Apples are branded as the one-side innovation core, which binds large clients to grow together, and currently has more than 2 billion active apples and 1.5 billion active users worldwide. According to data released in February 2025, iphones, ipaths, mac, etc., the number of active apples is more than 2.35 billion.
At the end of the pc operating system, the share of the city has continued to rise. According to statcounter data, in January 2009 global pc., Apple earned 2006.19 billion dollars in 2024, a decline of 1.9% compared to the volume of shipments.
This is even more significant. As seen in asp, based on iphone sales revenues disclosed by apples and the volume of idc, apples fell by $896 in 24 years, compared with $908 in 23 years, $991 in q1, $1072 in q2, $912 in q1, $912 in q2 and $859 in q2 respectively.
US$ q3 in 24 years and US$ 908 in q4 and US$ 899 in 24 years. Mac’s share of global pc markets is about 10%, and remains stable. According to statista data, Applemac’s volume was 22.19 million in 2024, a decline of 2.38% compared to the previous year, with 9.0%.
Applemac earned $31,191 million, compared to 6.1 per cent.asp In 24 years, Macasp was $1401, up from $1317 for 23 years.Figure 25: Applemac accounts for about 10 per cent in pc and the rate remains more stable (in millions)
Pro (for iphone15pro) or higher versions of mobile phones, ipad, mac in the m series. Software upgrades are more demanding for arithmetic and help drive a new wave of switch cycles.
Use, integrate into the product experience, understand personal scenarios, and focus on personal privacy, with core competencies covering language text, graphic images, cross-application operations, personal situational understanding. The functions cover i-mails, i-pictures, i-record summaries, etc., and have been compiled in chhatgpt.
Functions include a case-by-case cross-application operation (e.g. an extension of a mail notification meeting to ask directly whether a mobile phone can catch up with her pre-dance, which knows who the user's daughter is and uses mail, maps, etc.), supporting natural language understanding, and making personal memory videos.
Scanning for more services can only be used for a17pro chips (comparable to iphone15pro) or higher versions of mobile phones, m series ipad, mac. Software upgrades are more demanding for arithmetic. Apples were officially released on October 28, 2024.
Version 18.1 of ios, with the introduction of apple-intelligence features, including writing tools, new version Siri smart upgrades, smart digests, smart responses and new photo application features.
♪ Powerful laguage intuitive ♪
Integrated action personaltext
Private Apple has officially released the iphone16e type. iphone16e has a long period of battery renewal, a18 chip with a high-resolution 48 million pixel binocular camera system. Considering 25 years of iphone16e
The release of the machine, along with iphone17, is expected to bring more innovation (e.g., the slim version) and, in addition, the maturity of the appleitelligence, we believe that the year 2025-2027 is expected to see a larger replacement cycle. Apples have some input and have applied for patents on ai-glasses, folding screens, and patents on appearance design, merit, etc.
As you can see from patents, apples are well prepared on the ai/ar glasses track. According to idc data, Chinese folding screen sales in 2024 amounted to 9.1674 million, an increase of 30.84% compared to the previous year; of these, China sold 4.45 million, a percentage of 49%. Counterpointresearch published the global market for high-end mobile phones in 2024.
On 1 February 2025, the US government announced a 10% tariff on imports from China; on 4 March, it raised the price again.
On 8 May, the United States Government announced an increase in the “reciprocal tariffs” on Chinese goods from 34 to 84 per cent; on 10 April, the equivalent tariffs on China were further increased to 125 per cent; and on 12 May, 34 per cent of the equivalent tariffs, 24 per cent of which were suspended for an initial 90-day period and the remaining 10 per cent retained.
The impact of Apple is also being minimized in response to a possible US government tariff initiative. Customs data show that in March, the Apple Division’s major suppliers in India, Fuscon and Tatta, delivered nearly $2 billion worth of iphone phones to the US.
Another Indian supplier, Tata Electric, exported $612 million to the United States in March, an increase of about 63 per cent over the previous month. As can be seen, apples have been pre-positioned, increased production in India and contracted cargo flights to transport 600 tons of iphones to the United States to ensure their largest market.
In addition, we believe that apples can rely on a variety of other ways to further reduce tariff effects, such as companies adjusting product zero component options to offset some of the tariff effects by reducing costs, and supply chains moving towards a global layout that promises to reduce tariff impacts through diversification of production.
Apple announced on February 24, 25, that over $500 billion will be spent and invested in the United States over the next four years, an initiative that is expected to generate 20,000 new jobs. The $500 billion investment includes company work with thousands of suppliers in 50 states across the United States, direct employment, appetizing infrastructure and data centres, company facilities and 20 states.
tv+ made. Apple will build a 250,000 square feet plant in Houston with its partners, to be assembled for digital use, according to the services of the Centre, to produce servers to support appetisation. 2.3 Mergers and acquisitions have a strong advantage in vertical integration, and the layout of operations continues to expand.
Windows glass, also known as glass panels, with protective screens and contact control modules, enhances equipment durability and is an important component of consumer electronics. A glass sheet is usually made up of various layers, such as a conductor layer, a hard layer, a glass layer, and a oil ink layer. In performance, it requires high intensity, high permeability, resilience, resistance, abominability, high concentration.
Such features as the protection of the display screen, the contact module, the product identification and decoration function, the inner surface of which must be closely aligned with the contact control module and the display screen, and the outer surface must have sufficient strength to protect core components such as the tablet screen, the contact control module and the marking and decoration function of the product.
The upstream sector of the glass sheet industry is dominated by the production and supply of raw materials such as glass-based panels, ink, polish materials, plating materials, and patches. The upstream sector is largely competitive, and the market is now relatively well supplied.
There are a few star technology, PV, and more SMEs in the industry, but their R & D capabilities are relatively limited, scalable, insufficient productive capacity, and difficult to keep pace with downstream demand markets. Companies are closely linked and mutually reinforcing with downstream industry development, and advances and product innovations in the middle- and middle-level industry can stimulate downswings.
Design upgrades and landings of industries to improve the integrated competitiveness of products from downstream industries: technological innovation and development in downstream industries provide, to some extent, new product R & D directions and wider market space for middle- and middle-sized industries.
Starting with the glass business, the company has developed to date new materials such as glass, metals, sapphire, ceramics, plastics, carbon fibres, together with supporting materials, engineering kits, production equipment, testing equipment, automation equipment, autonomously developed industrial Internet systems that can satisfy multiple end-users such as smart phones, smart watches, laptops, tablets, etc.
Figure 35: Company mobile phone product chart Figure 37: Company laptop computer product map Chart 38: Company flat computer product map
The company's first and most core business was the glass-plate business, which, in terms of the company's revenue structure, grew from large-scale protective glass and billions of dollars to $6,015 million in 2022. After 2023, the company changed the taxonomic caliber, smart hands in 2024, and technological innovation was a central driver of corporate development. In 2006, the company began to engage with Apple, passing through the pelicans in early 2007.
The company has been a major supplier of window-protected glass products since the company worked with Apple. In 2010, the iPhone 4 mobile phone was designed for the first time to replace plastic material. In 2015, the Department began extending to the touchscreen industry chain, introducing a fully-fledged product that has been designed to display protection integration.
(x) Use of 3d curled glass backcaps. In 2021, the company established deep collaboration with the main flexible screen-phone end-state brand on flexible screens, and with the end-user on technology and protective materials to provide consumers with affordable, sustainable technological programmes and high-quality products, including, but not limited to, 3d glass, utg glass, cpi film for use on folding screens.
Between 2015 and 2023, with the rapid growth of markets for products such as smartphones and the increase in the value of the company's monogamous products, the company's sales to its first-largest client grew from $8.3 billion to $31.5 billion, with a revenue ratio of more than 50 per cent.
In August 2020, the company acquired the top-end market for metal casings in the states of Victory and Colyte. In February 2021, the acquisition of Victory Technology (Thai State) Ltd. was renamed Lance Wang Fine (Thai State) Ltd. and Corre Technology (Thai State) Ltd. was renamed Blue Sense Precision (Thai State) Ltd.
In April 2023, with a view to further optimizing the product and marketing structure and increasing market share, the company proposed to invest in the construction of sophisticated components production projects and the transformation of the expansion projects in the form of its own funds and bank loans, mainly to expand the production capacity of consumer electronics alloys, aluminium alloys, back caps, molds, examination tools, knives, automobiles and new energy metal structures.
In terms of operating income, in 2022 there was an increase of 27.32 per cent in the same year in the Enlightenment (Thai State), amounting to $14.5 billion, resulting in a net gain of $976 million: $10.211 billion in 2024, resulting in a net profit of $401 million, and a decline in operating income and net profits for the main companies, in order to optimize their production capacity and business layout, improve the efficiency of the company as a whole, and shift some of their sophisticated blue-Sense operations to more sophisticated operations.
Other subsidiaries of listed companies  operating income (left axis, billions of yuan) 2021 invests in the construction of smart terminal equipment as part of a smart terminal assembly operation in 2021.
The company assembled it as a catcher. Focus cell phones and pc's two core tracks were built in 2024 on glass, metal, sapphire, and pottery.
The leading edges in key areas such as china, touch-and-touch modules, fingerprint modules, etc., accelerated vertical integration of the industrial chain, introduced more customers, and offered vertical integration programmes to develop and produce smart phones, pay terminals, pc, pen electricity, medical care, smart homes, etc., in an odm or oem mode, leading to an increase in the size of the company ' s sales and promoting an increase in the market share of the structure and modules.
In terms of operating income, the cellular assembly business of 2023 has grown significantly, from a loss of $240 million from the start of work in 2021 to a gradual profit in the second half of 2023, with the gradual maturity of the operating team and technology, the gradual expansion of the operations and the impact of the scale
III. Continuous expansion of the class of goods & development of customers, and the expected acceleration of vehicle-borne operations, with 3.1 car-smart trends accelerating the robust growth of new energy vehicles worldwide and a clear trend towards car-smarting. The data from the evtank show that new global energy sources in 2024 are expected to increase.
Automobile sales reached 18,236,000 vehicles, a 24.4 per cent increase over the previous year, and penetration rates reached 20.49 per cent. It is expected that in 2025, manufacturers will continue to compete in the form of rapid charging, super-duration, auto-driving, entertainment and audio, and will continue to upgrade the basic auxiliary driving functions of the L2 level of the new energy engine, with horizontal control (direction) and vertical control (with deceleration).
For example, car lane maintenance (lcc), self-adaptation cruise (acc) etc., according to the Générale car data, in 2024, the country installed 1,098,000 assigned amounts in new vehicles at and above adas, with a penetration rate of 47.9 per cent, of which the penetration rate for new energy source vehicles at and above was 56.9 per cent higher than that for fuel vehicles.
In terms of prices, the increase in vehicle penetration of less than $300,000 is significant, and it is the main driving force behind the spread of smart cabins. Of this, nearly half of 100,000 of 100,000 of 100,000 of 100,000 of 100,000 of them, 77.5% of 10-20 million of them, and 78.1% of 200,000 to 300,000 of them show intelligence.
As assistive and unmanned technology matures and its application accelerates, intelligent cabin penetration increases, and whole people interact with each other towards individualization, rapidisation, and multi-modeling. Cars show interaction with the sensor system as an insider.
The core vehicle, which will usher in a period of gold development, the intellectual ability of interactive core components, such as central controls, dashboards, smart b-pillars and displays, will be inextricably linked to the increased driving experience, which will continuously raise the standards of travel and the user experience of 3.2 vehicle-mounted screens towards large-screen multiscreening and upgrade the demand for multifunctional car glass.
In the past two years, as the demand for displays and the scene has increased, the displays have grown, reaching the Hud, the rear-view mirror, the intellectual surface, and so on.
In addition, the core vehicle display screens and projector-type slides show large-scale trends. According to Gaetz, 2024 data show that the number of screens on the Chinese market has risen to 21.8 million, with a penetration rate of 95.5%.
In 2024, the total LCD instrument load ratio was over 80%; the 10 inch LCD scale was close to 70% and about 68%; the total LCD was over 50% in the 100,000-200,000 price range and up to 64% in the 200,000 price range.
The demand has increased significantly, and traditional display products are no longer sufficient to meet demand. For the time being, transparent displays, multiscreen connections, screen separations, single screens, security screens, etc. have become the dominant trend in vehicle traffic over the next few years, and technology has begun to evolve rapidly from lcd to ltpslcd, oled, microled, etc.
In the case of Miyu7, the whole of Miyu7 is marked with silent glass, even behind the triangle window, with over 200 noise optimizations, full-scale noise containment, passing, yu7max upgraded to ultra-sonic glass, with a brand-new pvb glue that reduces wind noise by 2-3db: the skyscreen.
With the addition of diaphragms, soundproofing materials in more than 30 key locations have also been upgraded to the current industry’s first-class acoustic material. 3.3 Corporations have a technological lead and vertical advantage in production, car-borne operations are growing rapidly, companies have a technological base and capacity, and new energy cars are breaking out.
In 2024, the company achieved $5,935 million in operating income from smart cars and cabin operations, a year-on-year increase in the company's expansion from glass operations to a more sophisticated vehicle-based product matrix. The company's vertical integration capacity and integrity through the entire industry chain.
Globalized supply chain layouts, including car-mounted electronic glass and components, vehicle-mounted controls (structural and functional parts and assembly), window glass, charged peg panels, dashboard components, b-posts, vehicle-mounted decorations, body parts, rear-view mirrors and navigation devices, can meet the differentiated needs of different customers.
In collaboration with well-known national and international brands, the company has increased its client capacity. The company's partner clients cover the domestic and foreign brands of Tesla, Mercedes, BMW, the general public, Biadi, Ideas, and Uber, and are gradually entering the t1/t2 supply chain of car companies and spare parts suppliers. The company works with clients to develop new models, roll out multi-section control group products, and strengthens car manufacturers and car zeros.
The value of the company's bicycles continues to increase, and new brands are being imported, including high-end brands under the Biadi flag, side window and middle-control glass covers produced by the company, Mi-cars have been imported into the middle-screen glass, wireless chargers, etc., so that the value of the company's vehicle is increasing and the company's vehicle operations are increasing faster.
The company has long-term technological advantages and accumulations in the backway processing of super thin glass, and has been running super thin glass for many years, developing major domestic and foreign customers in parallel with the certification of China, the European Union, the United States, etc., and taking the lead in the domestic head branding of new energy sources, further increasing the value of single cars.
In terms of performance, the company ' s ultra thin glue glass is lighter than the traditional window glass, increasing vehicle renewal by weight reduction; having sound insulation, insulation, ultraviolet protection, etc., and reducing the cost of membrane or maintenance; the glue glass has been certified by various car codes and can reach or exceed the traditional window glass in strength and resilience.
IV. Emerging areas: Man-made robots have a vertically integrated production advantage during the Year, and it is expected that 25 years will be the Year of Man-made Robotics and 26 years of commercialization. In terms of progress in research and development at home and abroad, domestic and foreign manufacturers are almost in the same line of action. In 2024, the global prototype of human robots was released.
In the year, for example, 1xtech released two foot robots, Neo Caper released a pilot, K2, Boston Power Release Power, Momentum human robots entered atlas, etc. In 2025, the human robot industry was expected to enter the phase of mass production, centralized function testing, and Mask said that Tesla would produce 10,000 ptimus robots in 25 years, and if everything went well, Tesla would be able to do so.
In 26 years, it could start producing 10,000 robots per month. The Humane Robotic Scenes Alliance, which has been developing six-axis robotics, aoi visual robots, and so on.
To date, the company has set up a dedicated team to provide joint modules, smart hands, dry-hulls, etc., and a whole-of-the-board assembly service for multiple human robots. With the advantage of precision manufacturing and vertical integration, the company has become a leader in the global supply chain of human robots, technology, technology, etc.
Size and client coverage are at the top. By combining the advantages of new material development, architecture manufacturing, touch control and fingerprinting modules, displaying modules, and precision assembly and data testing, one-stop machines and systems are designed to provide the robotics industry with a one-stop shop from design to volume by interacting with software such as intelligence perception, intelligence analysis and smart decision-making.
In combination with the company’s own rich production application landscape and automation needs, the company is gradually building an integrated system covering product integration and ecological isolation, fully supporting innovative developments in the robotic industry. In terms of material and process innovation, the company displays technology, nano-crystal glass technology, and lightness through its uniquely developed curved glass.
Quantification of high-intensity materials to provide solutions for robotic casings, the six-dimensional rectangular sensors, planetary rollers, staves, etc. core components that it has developed autonomously are already in the production stage. With regard to cooperating clients, the company has established close cooperation with head-to-head robots at home and abroad.
On January 21, 2025, the company and Ji-won Robotics held a meal delivery ceremony in Changsha for a human-shaped robot package, which successfully delivered in bulk the product of a human-shaped robotic whole. The company's depth involved in the production of core components such as a joint module, a dcu controller, an omnipicer, etc.
On June 26, the human robot branded Casbot announced the completion of nearly a billion dollar angel + wheel financing, and the current round of financing led by the finance firm.
Launching a "casbot02" with multi-module sensing systems and high-calculus rcu, using visual-linguistic-motion (vla) models to give human robots a smart brain and significantly enhance their general and operational capabilities.
Application in areas such as special scenes, driving the process of industrial intelligent change. Chart 61: Limbo casbot-vla Model Smart Retail:
The payment treasure has been introduced to meet the user’s need for a safe and easy payment experience, simplifying payment steps, without involving the user’s privacy concerns about the biological information such as brushing palms, fingerprints, etc.
Figure 63: Payment Treasure Touches for Retail Payments Chart 64: Payment Treasures Touches have multiple categories of options where companies are able to assemble in the field of intelligence retailing with a powerful whole machine design, precision manufacturing, fine process and automation.
For example, when paying treasures touch core products such as pay terminals and electronic price tags, companies have fully invested in technology to provide customers with efficient, reliable and intelligent retail solutions. According to idc, 24q4metarayban smart glasses are worth 920,000, an increase of 156%, and 91%.
Former metaray-ban smart glasses support dialogue only in English and are restricted to users in the United States and Canada, and the domestic market is in the early stages of the 100-scope war. On 24 June, al+arroidglasses, developed jointly with Hangzhou Rokid.
Rokidglasses, the world's first consumer-scale i+ar glasses, with more than 250,000 global pre-sale orders and nationalization of the entire industry chain, is the company's sole owner as part of the rokidglasses and as part of the complete assembly.
Vendor, providing core precision components (plastic plastics, metal structures) and complete process production and assembly, relying on lightly quantifying material processes, controlling product weights to 49 grams, close to the experience of general glasses wearing, with three main requirements in place.
The two sides work together more closely, forward-lookingly and with the glasses. Rokid integrates its self-research techniques in the fields of ar optical engines, space computing algorithms, and multi-model interactions, leading to the development of product definitions and hard and hard-to-soft integration, with vertical integration to enable both "hardware manufacturing plus software ecology" and to create consumption levels with high performance versus high value.
Based on the above analysis, we make the following sub-operational projections of corporate revenue and Māori rates:
Smart phones and computer classes: with the reduction of large model costs, accelerated landings at the end of the ai, and the gradual recovery of overall demand for consumer electronics heating, growing corporate goods, benefiting from product upgrades and increases in share in structural and modular areas such as glass, metals, ceramics, sapphires. In the area of assembly, companies receive bulk-assembly cell phones, pc projects, and subsidiaries optimize efficiency and efficiency.
Well, the Māori rate for the assembly business is lower than for the spare parts business, taking into account changes in the overall product structure as the share of the assembly is assembled, and taking into account US smart cars and the class of cabins: company reserves are rich, while product lines are expanded, working with domestic and foreign head manufacturers such as Tesla, Mi, Biade, BMW, Mercedes, Ideas, Ui, etc., to cover the control screens, dashboards, smart b/c poles, sperms, etc.
We expect smart cars and smart head displays and smart wears to expand potential customers: ai/xr glasses are now working with Rokid to announce a deep strategy to provide spare parts, modules, whole-loading services, accelerate industrial drop-ins and booster-type penetration, with the exception of Rokid.
We expect corporate smart heads and smart wear types, other smart terminals: other smart end products are mainly payment treasures, electronic price tags, robots, etc., and companies provide complete solutions and regulations to customers in emerging areas by automating and scalding the chains of mature consumer electronics.
One billion yuan, or 102.36 per cent, 25 per cent, 20 per cent, and a 20 per cent Māori rate as sales increase in scale effect. Cost profile: (1) To maintain their technological leadership, companies will continuously increase their R & D inputs, optimize their R & D processes, strengthen R & D innovation, and continuously introduce new product extension applications. We consider the implications of the demand for R & D and the scale effects of new company products.
The demand for consumer electronic terminals is not as high as expected: if demand in the consumer electronics sector recovers less than expected, less than expected end sales will have an impact on the growth of corporate performance.
International trade frictions and tariff risks: There is a risk of falling performance due to increased cost-side increases if offshore countries continue to scale up trade, tariffs, etc., which are clearly detrimental to corporate exports. At the end of the spectrum, product diffusion is less than expected: industry technology is changing faster, if the end-of-ai innovation is not as strong as expected, or if the end-of-service innovation is less than expected.
The impact of the growth in corporate performance.