Pil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Technology.
RamsyTech (300433.ch/6613.hk): Performance is steady and strong, multi-business is starting a new growth cycle
• To reaffirm the “buy-in” rating for LanthsTech: Lance II net profits grew by 29% over the same period, maintaining a high growth dynamic. In the second half of this year, large clients will enter a new machine-style upgrade cycle, which will help to reboot the base of Lance's glass and metal.
Long cycle. In the auto electronics section, Lance's glue glass is expected to grow more strongly every year in the country's new energy sources.
New practices such as robotics, ai servers, cloud cameras, etc., provide a solid foundation for long-term growth • The second quarter has seen steady and strong growth: in the second quarter of this year, Lance earned RMB 15.9 billion, a 19 per cent increase, a 7 per cent decline in the ring. The Māori rate is 15.7 per cent, a 7 per cent decline in the same year.
Good. Business profits and net profits of $810 million and $710 million, respectively, are on the same list as growth. The company recorded more than double-digit growth in four major business panels, namely, smartphones and computers, cars, wearables, end-of-intellectuals, etc., in the first half of the year.
• Valuation: we used the segment plus general valuation method to value Lance.
RamsyTech (300433.ch) is able to wear class 36.0x, 42.0x, and 30.0x, and to recover demand for consumer electronics such as the BluesTecha Unit (300433.ch) and mobile phones, with less growth at home and abroad than expected.
There has been a weak growth in the total market value (million yuan) of new-energy automobile sales.
Pilgrim International sfdbinternational spdbi optimistic and pessimistic scenarios
Pessimistic scenario: Corporate revenue growth is not as good as expected.
(b) Weaknesses, resulting in weak deliveries of products such as metals, glass, assembly, etc.
(b) Emerging business such as robotics, ai glasses, ai servers, camera clouds, etc.
There is a smaller volume of new business such as robotics, ai glasses, pc assembly; corporate cost increases are higher than expected.
The demand for smartphones for domestic and foreign customers is affected by United States tariffs, the higher than expected volume of products such as metal, glass, assembly of smartphones, the higher value of cellular glass and the better Māori ratio;
(a) Weaknesses, resulting in weak output of products such as metals, glass, assembly, hair, strong growth of automobile operations, and growth of profits;
(a) The limited growth of automobile operations, which has been hampered by the growth of customers;
The recipients of this report, including any relevant annexes, have indicated and assured that they are entitled to this report under the following conditions and have agreed to accept it.
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively “Phibbing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell; and Pilgrim International or any of its directors and/or employees shall not bear any law in respect of any possible loss to investors arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it.