The railway is well equipped with hand orders, the city track continues to function, and the service industry is now gaining ground. Investment rating: increase (maintenance)
Research assistant Wang +1.25 pct; by product, railway equipment received $13,103 million, compared to $1 billion, compared to +39.84 per cent, and urban track versus urban infrastructure $5,504 million, compared with $5,504 million.
+42.16 Overall, the turnover of railway equipment operations decreased by 39.61 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, mainly as a result of the production cycle and hand orders, which affected the current period by a similar decline in the delivery of cars and buses.
The decrease of 14.59 per cent in the period was due mainly to the decline in income realized during the current period for operations such as wind and wind equipment, new materials, etc. The operating income for modern services increased by 39.84 per cent over the same period the previous year, mainly as a result of the increase in revenue from logistics operations during the current period.
Hand orders of $188.1 billion, new orders of $41.75 billion a quarter, sufficient in hand orders, and steady growth in performance. In 2017, the traditional model is expected to heat back + the roll-out of promising company railway equipment.
At the beginning of 2017, the first call for tenders was launched, bringing the number of trucks to 40,000, compared with +58% in 2016, and the number of buses and locomotives is expected to increase by the same amount this year to 400 rows of the moving fleet.
If iron doesn't start the start-up bid by the end of May this year, the approximate rate will affect the number of cars to be transferred throughout the year, but we do not think the market has to worry too much. According to the long-term development plan for railways, the total number of cars to be moved is more certain, if the number to be handed over this year.
Lower than expected, which means that the future is likely to be over-expected. Overall, the orbital transport industry is booming, with the advance of 2017 and the warmth of the country's traditional car market, and the company's new industries and modern services.
The city's orbital transport plates are growing rapidly, and the landscape is going through the 13th to explore the Soppp model of development. The company’s central orthopaedic ppp list in 2016 is an investment belt.
In addition, based on our industry model, it is projected that in 2017, companies will take stock of the number of orders awarded in overseas bulletins between 2017 and the time of their comparison, adding more than 4,800 kilometres of urban orbital traffic.
Road-to-vehicle demand, stock-line demand for vehicle encryption, company-to-city track rating: winning the L.A. subway bill, 2017.
Company Depth: Chinese Business Cards Internationally Made High End, 2017 ppp+ Company is the absolute leader of the orbital traffic industry, Business Cards for High-end Equipment in China, 2017 Company Ratings: Successive Winning ppp Project, Opening the New Growth of the Company
The year was a year of policy for ppp and “a long walk” and the company was growing rapidly. The start-up group was not as fast as expected, the ppp and the overseas market were not expanding as expected.