Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, a slight decline in overall performance, overseas industry, Yang Shao Fai*
China’s Chinese vehicle (601766.ch/KWD10.31, with no rating) issued in 2016, realized business income of $229,722 million, a decrease of 5.04 per cent over the year; realized net benefits (including taxes) attributable to the parent company’s owner. The company’s annual reporting met our expectations.
The impact of the reduction in the demand for vehicles has led to a decline in the year-on-year collection of railway equipment for the company's main business, but with the accelerated landing of the “one-way” route, the excellent performance of the Chinese and Chinese overseas orders, as well as the marked bulk production, the performance of the vehicles in the second half of the seventeenth year deserves to be a major focus.
In China, China, where both income and net profits have fallen slightly over the same year, cash flows have increased significantly: business income of $229,722 million a year, a decrease of 5.04 per cent over the same year; and ownership of parent companies (including taxes). Corporate cash flows have increased significantly: cash flows from company operations have increased significantly: by 20.9 billion, the same amount.
In 2016, there was a slight decline in corporate revenue and net profits, mainly due to a contraction in the demand for railway equipment in the main business. Specifically: railway equipment generated $12,405 million in rolling stock, a decrease of 61.82 per cent compared to the previous period; passenger revenue of $8,380 million, a decrease of 18.47 per cent compared to the previous period; and moving fleets accounted for the largest share of railway equipment, as a result of the fact that
The bidding process of the General Submarine Railways has slowed and demand contracted, with the number of orders and the volume of goods delivered by the moving teams falling by 75,162 million yuan, a 2.7 per cent decline in the same year; the urban track metro benefits from the large-scale construction of the country ' s medium-sized cities, with revenues of 27,141 million yuan, an increase of 7.58 per cent in the same year.
The "Swipes" highlight the Chinese and foreign performances. The "Straights" provide the best historical opportunity for Chinese businesses to go out, and the recent and frequent heavy-weight international conference forums: the Boone Asia Forum and the upcoming "Straights" summit will be added.
In 2016, the company received a new international order of $8.1 billion, a 40% increase over the previous year. With hard technology and marketing advantages, developing-country markets moved to developed-country markets.
The traditional market position of developing countries continues to be consolidated by successive orders for Kenya's combustion engine, Thailand's bts metro, Indian subway, Pakistan van, etc. In addition, 16 years of orders for Czech motor cars, a total of $1.3 billion,846 subways in Chicago, United States of America, local iron orders in Merle, Australia.
Two billion Australian dollars (45% of companies); 16 years of corporate glory in March this year, followed by a city with $647 million worth of L.A. subway contracts. In 2017, companies made steady progress in the domestic market and made progress in overseas markets, and their future performance was worth a lot.
Attention is drawn, in particular, to the increase in the share of overseas operations.