+190%, concentrated in high-end markets such as the United States. Hard + soft + investment rating: increase (maintain)
Research assistant Wang Quan, billions of dollars. In 2017, the total number of winning overseas contracts reached three in the United States, one in Malaysia, one in Indonesia and one in India, of which the United States and Malaysia are international.
High-end markets, 67%. Indonesia and India are the largest developing-country markets, and overseas orders are rising faster than expected. The company won the Indian subway bill in early April, at $740 million.
In the first half of the year, $6.9 billion, and in the second half, $21.9 billion, were concentrated in November and December. In 2016, overseas markets had a total contract of about $8.1 billion, which was more dynamic than high-end markets like the United States, but not limited to a “one-way.”
This year, the company announced six new winning overseas projects, three in the United States, one in Malaya, one in Indonesia, and one in India. Of these, the United States and Malaysia followed the United States and the United Kingdom, respectively, in high-end overseas markets, and Indonesia and India were the largest overseas developments.
Middle-country markets, with great potential. Companies often win high-end markets, display a parallel rise in international competitive hard power + soft power, have sufficient strength to survive overseas, benefit from not just one-way, but expect to be more competitive with companies.
It is expected that the 2017 bid will resume + the roll-out of the prospective railway equipment will lead to approximately $1881 billion, or +21%, of the order stock.
Delivery generally ranges from 7 to 10 months, requiring active attention to the April-May start-up bidding process, and with the gradual maturity of the Chinese marking, demand is expected to increase significantly.
Company rating: winning L.A. subway bill, 2017, "A worldwide annual delivery + 119%, truck purchases are strong and warm. Overall, with the "one-way" surge, the cyclical warm-up of the country's traditional models, and the start-up team,
Corporate depth: Chinese business cards made internationally high-end, potential sales of ppp+ and urban track purchases in 2017, expected to usher in a railway equipment market in 2017
Corporate review: multiple breakthroughs in overseas markets and a strong look at the whole of the world
Corporate ratings: the company's six-month performance is impressive, the “new industry” and the “city air, the expected rapid growth of urban track equipment, the cyclical warming of traditional models such as trucks, the company's rating: the company's major contracts for subways and wind power in the first half of the year.
The country’s standard-driven fleet is expected to be released, and the company’s overseas orders are expected to increase faster than expected.
Corporate review: Growth in performance is steady, future overseas business expansion and movement will take place