The fall in railway equipment, the next round of bidding, will be profitable. 31 March 2017 The fall in railway equipment, the growth of urban track equipment: a small 16-year performance of the company.
The main reason for the slippage is that fewer orders for railway equipment resulted in lower than expected revenues for locomotives, moving units, and trucks. In terms of revenue structure, railway equipment received a 17.19% drop in the same year, and the year-round decrease in bid runs was in line with our earlier expectations.
Well, the same-year increase of 10.27 per cent and the trend towards a quarterly high, we believe, is related to the peak in the construction of our urban track, from the mid- and long-term railway network, which was revised in the first half of 16 years, on March 30, 2017.
According to the Plan, regional urban-track planning is still more spaced and supported by ppps in terms of financing attributes, with initial estimates of a 30 per cent compound increase in the size of the domestic urban-track market expected to take place in the period 17-20, and companies will benefit from it as a leading supplier of urban-track vehicle equipment.
The growth of the new business shows continued progress in the corporate diversification strategy: roe (ttm) components, power generation equipment and new businesses represented by new energy vehicles now account for the total revenue
We believe that the idea of developing new business based on the edge of the corporate platform is consistent with the global mainstream.
Cost controls were better during the period and the Māori rate slightly increased: overall cost controls were better throughout the year, management and sales costs fell slightly, financial costs were significantly more affected by the fall in exchange earnings; Māori increased 0.58 percentage points from last year, mainly railway equipment, urban tracks
The lead, and in part, the impact of the fall in performance, shows that the current operating pressure has not eroded the 801.5 billion dollars invested in our railways a year, but mainly in capital investment, and that the start-up group bid is much lower than expected. We believe that, with the current line operation and increased vehicle density, iron aggregates are driven by the fact that it's still in place.
The next round of large-scale tendering in the first half of the year is a rough one, which will partially cover 16 years of high demand, and the gap, which will be of some benefit to the industry. Looking at the firm’s future growth in robust performance, maintaining a “carefully recommended” rating: it is expected to be 2017, 2018.
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to a depth 300 index. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific variety of recommendations and ratings are rated according to the market studied in the product, i.e. studies on the credit and derivative markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; studies on the market aspects of equity, equity-based funds, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk; studies on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, etc.
This report is presented independently, objectively and to the extent that you know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is independent of the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.