Remark: Downstream demand was briefly adjusted and Chinese vehicles (601766.ch/RMB10.09, with no rating) issued in the first quarter of 2017, with both revenue and net return profits reduced by the same year, mainly due to the number of bids for the entire train in 2016 by General Railways.
We believe that the company’s performance in 2017 is at a low and low level, and that it is expected to recover its performance in the second half of the year, and that future performance remains a cause for concern. China’s Mid 2016 Report Review: overall performance has declined slightly.
In China, the year 2017, China has seen a similar decline in the production of a quarterly report, operating income and net profit from maternity: business collections, foreign performance spots, 20170405, The Core Component Wheel takes a small step towards the system, moving the chain of industrial cars.
The basic share per share was $0.04, a decrease of 42.86 per cent over the same year; net cash outflows from operating activities amounted to 1,552 million.
Ingai Electric Appliances: Deep Farm Connector Market, Eye-Tracking Parts and Components
In the company ' s business structure, the railway equipment, the new industry and overseas revenues have been reduced, and the urban track equipment, modern services and maintenance operations have been growing.
The decline in railway equipment operations was mainly due to a decline in the delivery of moving and passenger vehicles, mainly due to a decline in wind and power equipment and income from new materials; the decline in overseas revenues was mainly related to a decline in the delivery schedule and delivery of overseas projects.
The growth in revenues from urban track equipment operations was mainly due to increased sales of subways; the growth in modern services was mainly due to increased logistics operations; maintenance income was derived mainly from advanced repairs by mobile units, which are expected to grow by more than 20 per cent throughout the year; and the major battalion operations railways and railways saw a significant increase in cargo and subways, with a significant increase in moving and passenger vehicles.
In the first quarter of 2017, the income structure of the railway equipment plate changed, with revenue from moving and passenger cars falling on the same scale and from subways and trucks increasing significantly. Revenue from moving cars dropped by $7.2 billion, or 60.7 per cent; revenue from passenger cars, $410 million, or 89 per cent; revenue from trucks, $3.93 billion, or 306 per cent, increased on the same basis; and revenue from subways.
The decline in performance during the quarter, mainly due to the reduction in hand orders at the end of 2016 and the demand for the entire vehicle in 17 years The reduction in the mileage to start production in 2017 led to a decrease in the demand for the whole car: the downstream railway company, in 2017, both for new projects and for the delivery mileage: 35 new projects in 2017, a 22.22 per cent decrease compared to the same year;
The projected 2,100 kilometres of production mileage, a 35% reduction from the previous year; the reduction in production mileage also means that a quarter of the roving group delivers its urban track equipment products with excellent performance and is expected to grow at a high rate throughout the year. The 13th Five-Year Urban Track Transport Development, which is expected to reach its peak in 17 years.
There will be 7,000 kilometres of iron per year, or 14 per cent of cagr. Urban-track vehicle demand has expanded in line with planned expectations: the company earned $5.51 billion in urban-track vehicle products in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 44.2 per cent compared to the previous year; and the Māori rate was 16 per cent, an increase of 4 percentage points over the same period last year; growth is clear
We believe that the company is expected to bid 40 city iron projects for a total of 6,000 city iron vehicles for a full 17-year period. The company’s hand orders have increased significantly at the end of the quarter, and its performance is expected to recover in the second half of the year.
According to company announcements, the company now has relatively large hand orders amounting to $253.3 billion, up from $188.1 billion a year earlier, and especially the first 50-strength set of standard fleets are expected to deliver in the second and third quarters and open the vast market marked by China.
The demand for railway equipment from the company ' s downstream railway company has risen steadily: the planned value of railway equipment in 2016 was $92 billion, and the planned value for 17 years was $100 billion, an increase of 8.7 per cent over the same period, and the company, as the country ' s sole producer, will be the first to benefit, and we believe that the company ' s performance in the second half of the year is expected to be repaired.
The company, as an absolute leader in the orbital transport industry, is expected to benefit from the twin benefits of the low-lying city rail construction and the gradual release of the requirements of the railway company, which is expected to be repaired in the second half of the year and will be operating in the future.