The market is always full of strange and bizarre “consensual expectations”, such as the fact that the plate is too big to move. From entering the capital market to now, it's been heard a hundred times. But, in fact, Mao-Shun-Teng Ali, whatever he wants.
This can be reversed by a few examples. It's just the charm of the market, which has been blackmailed for a long time, and blackmail, which has turned into a “unanimous expectation” and the truth of the population. On October 25, this company issued a new three-quarterly report – according to the three-quarterly report, its operating income was in the first three quarters of 2019.
(b) Operating cash flows of $1.734 billion, representing an increase of 106.74 per cent over the same period in the previous year, with a net interest rate of 35.99 per cent, which is 20 per cent, despite a lot of pessimistic expectations in the market for the real estate sector.
If one goes back to the case to date, the performance rate is even more dramatic, with sales below 10 billion in 2004, where it is located in a track that is unique and extremely difficult to study, and where the cyclical layers are embedded, involving both economic judgment and micro-consumptions.
In addition, a slight hypothetical change in size will have a huge impact on modelling results. It's a real estate giant: Vanko. In addition to the amazing growth rate, in the industry, where real estate development is very characteristic of the cycle, the growth rate is still very robust: in 2009-2018, its sales grew at a range of 0.03 per cent, compared to Beguilre.
This report will update its financial model Excel tables on the basis of the new three-quarterly report and streamline the core of the three-quarterly report, which shows an increase in operating income of 27.21 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019, down from the semi-annual level (31.47 per cent) in terms of the quality of growth.
However, its two core data are still at a lower rate of land capture and sales than in the same period last year, requiring sustained attention to their impact on performance. If the three-quarter reporting data are broken down into a single quarter, operating income is higher than one quarter in the second and third quarters, in line with the historical rules of Vanko.
Law (from historical data, revenue in the second to third quarters is higher than in the first quarter). In terms of profitability — the three-quarterly rate of Maori is 35.99 per cent, an increase of 1.23 percentage points over the same period last year, and the net interest rate — the annual increase in the annual rate of Maori — the increase in the three-quarter rates should be due to the better quality of profits on the projects entering a settlement.
In terms of operating capital – with the exception of higher inventory growth (mainly in construction development products), the rest of the project changes should, if the three-quarters report were to be summarized in one sentence, be – operating income would remain high, but still cautious. And, with a cautious attitude, the impact on performance would need to be closely tracked in subsequent years.
In addition, this model is updated, more detailed, and interested friends can look at it patiently. Now, after the release of the three-quarterly report and before updating the financial model, we have to think about a few questions: (a) what are the three-quarterly reports of 10,000 Quarters worth analysing? In terms of financial modelling, the factors of these changes will be:
(2) What is the difference between the performance of the new three-quarterly report in 2019 and the previous estimate?
Today, we look at real estate cycles and business modelling logic, using Huanko as an example. For related industrial chains, we've studied in depth industrial logic from Roe's point of view: integrating China, China's Heung Da, its ancient properties, and Mequillón, buying a professional version of eugenic valuations, looking at reports, and some of the key financial modelling forms for Excel.
We've been following this case several times before. I think, at this point in time, I think that there is a need to review and reheat the previous calculations. Much of the time, the cheap stuff is in front of us, but we often turn a blind eye.
The company is now valued at $34 billion. The company's cash flow is $34 billion a year, its capital expenditure is $6 billion, and its shareholders assume that other elements remain constant, that is, a gross estimate – even if performance increases are zero – would be worth it if the company were to operate successfully for six years and then liquidated with net assets.
If a rich man had enough money to buy 100% of the company’s equity, as long as it was running smoothly for six years, the profits for each of the following years would be his excess return. This calculation process, simply using the “liquidation method,” is not very complicated.
Even if you're more pessimistic about the real estate industry, I'm afraid it is time to figure out whether such a “value differential” is reasonable. That's what the so-called “security margin” is, rationality is only late, but never absent, just before it arrives.
According to the tri-quarter report of 2019, which deals with the part of the valuation assumptions that we need to update, there are the following: 1) income increases - according to the three-quarterly report, their operating income increased by 27.21 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Note, in this update,
The M & As adjusts the scenario switch. Considering that prices will no longer be the main factor affecting the revenue in this case under policy regulation, we do not assume them, but place the scenario switch on an unforeseeable increase in the area of sales, and we have added a predetermined indicator (new start-up area), which historically lags behind the growth in the business income of 10,000 dispensaries.
And by the way, it's not bad in 2019. And then, according to that rule, we adjust the operating income/earner, and many people are pessimistic about the real estate industry, but the fact is that the industry's flagship is not as much as you think it is) Māori assumed - in the last three quarters, the Māori rate was 35.99 per cent, which is higher than our projection of 33 per cent.
This assumes a Maori rate of 35.99 per cent for the first three quarters of 2019 and a Maori rate of no. 4 for the two years following the forecast period - in this update, we use interest-bearing debt ratios to forecast interest-bearing liabilities because interest-bearing debt ratios remain stable overall, while the ratio of interest-bearing liabilities/stock used previously fluctuated over a larger range of non-referenceable ratios.
In addition, we divide “non-current liabilities that fall due in one year” into long-term borrowings (which were originally included in short-term borrowings), re-classify the new classification, which makes the overall debt structure more volatile, taking into account the higher proportion of long-term borrowing in interest-bearing liabilities, which are no longer projected, but only for interest-bearing liabilities as a whole.
5) Taxes and surcharges - According to the three-quarterly report, the turnover tax and surcharges as a percentage of income were 8.82 per cent, slightly higher than our expectations, and it is prudent to change the assumption here, assuming that taxes and surcharges as a share of income are reported as three-quarters during the projection period) and other assumptions - remain the same.
Here, with the updated modelling report and the adjusted Excel table, you can compare the updated part of the data with the previous one and feel in depth -- what minor changes have occurred in the basics according to the new tri-quarterly report? How will these subtle change factors affect the intrinsic value?
Vanko was listed in 1991, with no controlling shareholders and no actual controlling person. The major shareholder is Shenzhen subway, with a 29.38% share, and Ports and Central Money Asset Management Ltd. is among its top 10 shareholders. It should be noted here that, as we mentioned earlier in our study of Hong Kong Iron Company, there is a background to the City Iron Company, which is huge for real estate development.
Protecting Rivers. Limited in length, not detailed here, see in particular the relevant section in the “Professional Report Bank.” Compared to the institutional holdings, in the second quarter, in the third quarter of 2019, of the top 10 shareholders, the former Sea Life, Xinghua Co. Ltd., An Bong Life Reduction, and the Central Bank of Hong Kong, China.
Figure: Corporate holdings in mid-2019. Let's take a closer look at the financial data - from 2016 to the third quarter of 2019, the main business was real estate development and real estate services. Real estate accounts for more than 95% of total revenue, and property suits.
Unlike many real estate companies, their property plates have not been removed from the market.
Upstream - including construction, building materials, steel, machinery such as construction in China, Māori rate at around 11%, BMW shares, downstream - including home-based electricity companies such as American groups, Māori rate at around 27%; Eusenian residence, Māori rate at this case, where the upstream supplier is the supplier of material equipment, the top five account for 2% of the total year's purchases, and downstream customers are mainly
For individual home buyers, the top five accounts for 0.7 per cent of the total year's operating income, and overall, the concentration is very low up and down, and this structure of the industry chain forms the following reporting structure for the case:
64.01 per cent, financial costs 2.15 per cent, management costs 3.52 per cent and sales costs 2.37 per cent, figure: net profit cash flow comparison (in billions of yuan) \blacksquare
In the modelling of this case, we need to address two core issues: 1) The driving force of the real estate business, and how do we predict it? 2) The Vanko focus on second-line urban real estate, which is what with the other three- or four-line city real estate companies must first have an overall judgement on the real-estate cycle when making the valuation model -- but here comes the question: the research cycle, here we go.
Considering the span of the real estate cycle for decades, it is clear that historical data from our country alone are not enough, so we collect data from other economies and conduct comparative studies.
In our previous modelling report on Xiamen State Trade, we cited the research thinking of Mr. Van Cotam Wahjie, who looked at history and found that the vast majority of economies were going through a period of rising real estate volume and prices, and that the logic behind it led to a rapid rise in per capita income, a rapid increase in urbanization and a concentration of the rural population to the cities, which led to a rapid demand for housing.
And the end of each economy’s large cycle, usually at the time of the near-completed urbanization, is 75% at this point. This figure is more credible because it has been verified by the laws of several economies.
This period of constant price increases can be found in the United States, Japan, and in the history of Japan. 1) First, look at the United States – after the end of World War II (1945), America’s rapid economic growth and rapid urbanization.
In Japan, the economy grew rapidly after World War II, with a combined increase of 9.9% in the year 1960-1973 and a rapid increase in the rate of urbanization, which reached 74% in 1973. At the same time, the number of new home constructions started in the 1950s.
In comparison with our country, the period of massive release of this demand — since 1998 when housing reform measures were put in place, an overall increase of 2 billion square metres to 2.90 billion square metres and an annual compound increase of 12.35 per cent, with prices rising from $2112/square metres — also stands.
It is clear that, historically, our real-estate markets, similar to those of the United States and Japan, are in the middle of such a cycle, and that the map of the week’s period is roughly as follows. And the driving force of the real-estate business in this case depends on where we are in the big cycle – and the important question next is: how the cycle, and how, is it supposed to be?
Figure: A simple diagram of the size-cycle mosaic model. In 2018, our rate of urbanization was 59.58%, which is still a certain distance from 75%, so it can be concluded that our country is still far from the end of the large cycle.
When modeling is done, it is not said here. But, although it is still a long way from the end of the large cycle, there is still a drop in the pace of the slowdown in the larger cycle, which, according to our real-estate cycle, probably occurred in 2014.
With regard to the positioning of large cycles, we look at both the economic logic and the management perspective of the leading business in the real estate sector. First, looking at the economic logic - _
The area of new home construction dropped from 1.46 billion square metres to 1.25 billion square metres, the low point since 2010.) See also the view of the management of the leading real estate business - 1) In the 2014 annual report, it was stated that the real estate market in 2014 presented new features of adjustment and transformation, as seen in the market.
According to the 2014 annual report, the real estate sector is moving from the golden age to the silver age, with prices rising unilaterally and the industry as a whole expanding at a high rate. 3) In 2014, China reported that economic growth continued to slow and the real estate sector began to adjust.
4) In the 2014 annual report, Paulie’s estates state that the overall size of the real estate market in 2014 was characterized by a high decline in size, regulatory measures gradually faded, and the industry became a new norm of mature development. Overall, a medium- and long-term logic is likely to generate consensus: the real estate sector moved from the golden age to the silver age.
But, with 75% to 80% of urbanisation, there's still a long way to go. The cyclical position is fixed, income projections are in place, and we split it by volume, so how should future prices and volumes (market volume) be predicted?
The logic of demand changes when the larger cycle moves into high and slow growth, and the housing demand that urbanization brings, translates into the housing demand that flows. In the first half of the larger cycle, urbanization leads to rural exodus to cities, where one, two, three-line cities do not exist.
There are clear differences, but after the peak of the cycle, the rate of urbanization began to slow, and population movements along the one-two-thirteen lines and in the cities below them will continue to grow – the first- and second-line urban population will continue to grow, while the rate of growth in the three-line urban population will slow. According to Dr. Ren Zeping, in his book Real Estate Cycle, the reason for this migration trend is different.
The regional income gap, which can be expressed in terms of the share of the regional economy in the country/population in the country. If this margin is close to one, it means that per capita income in the region is equal to per capita income in the country, while if it is greater than one, it means that per capita income in the region is higher than the national average, and greater than one, which attracts a constant migration of the population up to that rate.
This is also true in the history of Japan: from the post-war period to the 1970s, the number and proportion of the population in the major urban circles increased. Moreover, the 70 urban price indexes of the country’s large and medium-sized cities, which can also be supported by the same logic, are the price indices for new commodities.
From the above figure, we can see: 1) After 2014, prices in first-line and second-line cities rose, while the third-line began to slow down; 2) since the second half of 2018, prices in third-line cities began to outpace the second-line.
- Second-line city prices will be higher than the third-line city. And that certainty also attracts large houses to return to the second-line city, such as the Bene Qui Garden, which is deep-down in the third-line city, and has been moving towards the second-line city, starting in 2017. In fact, according to Creary, in the first half of 2019, real estate developers built new earth reserves in the third-line city.
Accompanied by a drop of almost 8 percentage points (compared to the entire year 2018) and an increase of almost 10 percentage points in the construction of new earth reserves in second-line cities (compared to the whole year 2018). But seeing here, perhaps you have a question as to why, starting in mid-2017, the prices of the second-line cities show up.
The downside trend, while prices in the three-line cities are still going up the road? Answer: 1) Slums are changed, and squatters can buy their houses with compensation; 2) In the context of stock, the down payment rate in the three-line cities (20%) is lower than in the first-line cities (30%) and increases in demand.
At present, three or four lines are temporarily out of the cycle pattern, but in the medium and long term, one or two-line growth is probably more certain than three or four. In this case, Vanko, the main market is the second-line city, so in the income projection part, we do not need to make any additional risk adjustments (if we model Beguio Park, we need to consider adjusting the data).
According to the three-quarterly report, Vanko’s strategy, centred on the second-line city, remains unchanged, with 81% of the equity investment in the second-line city. By reference to Mr. Vankotam Wahji’s analysis of future housing prices, in the long run, the price can win inflation but not gdp.
Considering that the policy is still guided by “residence-neutral” and that housing prices are not expected to be subject to significant fluctuations in the previous cycle, prices are therefore not likely to be the main factor affecting the case. In this update, the Merger Merger is no longer predicting the price sub-species, but rather a cautious assumption — the price increase for the forecast period is at the cpi rate.
When the logic of price forecasting is resolved, let's predict the volume of sales — this case, the size of future sales — and how do we do it?
3) After 2010, the growth rate of Vankos has been relatively steady. It's relatively smooth. In particular: 15%, the rate of growth of Vankos, though negative (-9%), is still better than the industry, mainly because it was the first price clearing bank in 2008.
In 2009, as a result of currency liquidity and the flow of funds into the real estate sector, prices and sales have increased significantly, the industry has increased its inventory quickly, and Vanko, as the leader, was affected by early de-stocking in 2008, and the growth has been weaker than in the industry. After this cycle, the Vanko’s business strategy has shifted from a pro-cyclical cycle to a pro-cyclical one.
In 2010, the country ' s 10 rules were put in place, with the sector as a whole rapidly cooling down from 44 per cent in 2009 to 11 per cent, while in 2010 the rate of growth increased from 19 per cent in 2009 to 35 per cent, mainly in relation to its product structure. The impact of the restrictions was evident, mainly in terms of improved demand and speculative demand, while in 2008, Vanko began with the words "building."
As a principle of product restructuring, and with the completion of product restructuring in 2010, regulation in 2010 has had little effect on Vanko. In 2010, when the volume of 10,000-dollar sales exceeded $100 billion, it has been controlling the pace of scale and development.
Starting in 2011, the growth in the area of sales of Huanko was more stable. Given that the concentration of the real estate sector is still low, the market share of the Chinese real estate market in 2018 was 12.6 per cent, while the market share was around 10 per cent when compared to the United States market, where the industry was the leader alone.
So, how do we predict the future growth in sales? To solve this problem, we need to start with the income-conversion chain in the real estate industry, because land, new starters are ahead of the sales area, and from the "get land -- start the work -- sell the work -- finish the work" link, and we'll do it separately.
1. Land, including land reserves (stocks), new land (incremental) will lead by 6 to 9 months, depending on the size of the new land. Under policy regulation, the industry is now cautious, with a cumulative increase of 14.2% in land acquisition by real estate development enterprises in November 2019.
Figure 19.61 per cent decrease over the same period in comparison with the previous year: cumulative land area acquired (in %) then reviewed land reserves. At the end of 2018, 35,796,000 square metres of project space in the Huanko plan had been built as at the end of the year.
In the third quarter of 2019, 22.9.9 million square metres were added, totalling 58.705 million square metres, which is 17 per cent higher than the new construction area in 2018 (499.28 million square metres). That is to say, even if the land area fell in 2019 compared to the same year in 2018, the new construction area of Huanko would not be large owing to the availability of sufficient stocks of land to support it.
From new start-up to business income, there have been some shifts in Huanko — two years before 2016, usually before start-up, and three years since 2016, start-up income for Huanko has been behind start-up. Note the details here, which means that construction has slowed down. This lag, in terms of industry as a whole, has occurred:
As can be seen from the above figure, since 2017, the gap between the country's completed and newly opened housing areas has widened, since it is possible that following the “leveraging” of 2016, housing finance has tightened and the overall strategy of the real estate enterprise has been in favour of high liquidity: to accelerate the acquisition of land, start work, move a plate, and thus quickly return to the next round of land, while at the same time prolonging construction, leading to the start-up and completion of new construction.
But note that this high turnover strategy is not sustainable for two main reasons: 1) this strategy requires that the demand for a home sustains high-speed real estate access, but it is unlikely that the demand for a home will increase significantly in terms of funding (failibility of financing) and the pace of land acquisition by real estate enterprises since 2019 (slower);
2. Real estate companies, when selling their houses, usually pay them within 0.5-2 years of pre-sale, thus making it difficult to delay the completion of the work. Therefore, we conclude that the time lag between the late 10,000th and the start of the new work may be reduced.
By the end of 2018, the case had not been sold in the same amount as in 2019, and the current unsold resources had been able to support the performance of 2019. After the entire chain has been streamlined, we can sum up two points:
1) New area of start-up, which can be used as a forward-looking indicator of business income, to predict the later trends in operating income. 2) Land acquisition and sales area indicators, to be read in conjunction with land reserves and unsold resources, respectively; 2) 2020, according to the transmission chain, the increase in sales area was affected by the opening area in 2019, and the third quarter of 2019
The increase is driven by two conservative and optimistic scenarios: b. optimistic scenarios: assuming an increase in the area of sale at the gdp speed; and, as a result, the assumptions of the area of sale have been studied and the next step is taken forward and received in advance.
It should be noted from the study of advance receipts that the “pre-collected accounts” referred to in the present report have been combined to consist of “pre-collected accounts” and “contractual liabilities” at the end of the liability. Here we project the pre-collected accounts, operating income, depending on the relationship between sales and pre-collected accounts, and the relationship between pre-collected payments and income, respectively.
On average, by comparison, at about 80 per cent, we assume that the proportion of late advance payments/sales will remain at 80 per cent. (Impact on the portion of advance receipts) is relatively high. Since Vanko did not disclose the relevant data, we use industry-wide figures: area of sale of goods, current houses, total stock ratios (in %)
As can be seen from the above figure, the rate of growth of current and future houses has continued to divide since the fourth quarter of 2017, the rate of growth of current houses has remained at more than 0%, and the rate of sale of current houses has declined considerably. The increase in the share of future houses in sales is related to the high turnover strategy introduced by enterprises since 2017.
Based on the above analysis, the current high turnover strategy of the real estate enterprise is not sustainable, and the anticipated later collection of advance payments as a proportion of sales, in the semi-annual update, we have reduced the level of operating income as a percentage of pre-receivables in 2019 from the previous forecast of 60 per cent The rate of increase in pre-receipt payments has decreased, but the rate of pre-receipt transfers has remained unchanged (normally, the time of commencement and completion will not be expected).
In the case of a large increase in the collection/precedent ratio, this assumes an upward trend in the ratio starting in the second year of the forecast period.
Thus, under the conservative scenario, the projected value of real estate sales, pre-collected accounts and operating income is as follows. Figure: Conservative real estate sales, pre-collected accounts, operating income (in billions of yuan)
So, the real estate business in this case is finally projected to be completed, but there is another important business that must be considered -- the property plate, which is growing rapidly today, and what will happen in the future? In addition to the real estate business, there is a small proportion of the property and other business in this case, depending on the following:
1) Property revenues, including both basic services, value-added services, which account for 3 to 4 per cent of the revenue, value-added services, which currently contribute less, and we focus on basic services (security, cleaning, greening, maintenance, etc.). At the price level, basic services are mostly priced at the regulatory level, and fee rates are adjusted slowly.
On the other hand, from the point of view of the increase (the country ' s real estate is still in a large cycle of rising prices), the stock (the lack of property management in old and old neighbourhoods, the introduction of old residential property in various regions of the country, and the simultaneous introduction of property in old and old neighbourhoods on a pilot basis in Beijing in 2013), the country ' s future real estate market space is relatively large.
Here, M & A takes into account Vanko’s leading position, and there is a marked division of enterprises in the track (top10 growth is clearly high, compound growth is 30% per year. According to Vanko’s semi-annual report of 2019, property management revenue is increasing by 27.05%, and we expect it to be close, and here’s how it goes.
The three-quarterly report of Huanko did not disclose the data, maintaining the original assumptions. 2) Other operations, including rental of apartments, commercial property, logistics, ice and snow vacation services, accounted for about 1% of the revenue. Since Huanko did not disclose the income of these operations separately, we could not — predict it and other business income.
Given the uncertainty of the multidisciplinary operations of 10,000, it is reasonable to assume that other operations are growing at an average rate of almost three years (13%), following up on business progress on an ongoing basis.
Consolidate the principle of the base plate and, historically, other operations are growing at a negative medium-term rate, but at a positive rate throughout the year, maintaining the level of the previous projections. The Vanko tri-quarter report does not disclose the data, maintaining the same assumption. Under the conservative scenario, total revenue projections are as follows.
We have to combine other different logics: the historical relationship between the three-quarters and the annuals, reverses the 2019 income increase. In terms of historical fluctuations, the average income share of the three-quarters is between 41 and 59%, with an average value of 48%.
If we use the 2018 ratio, we can reverse the 2019 annual reported revenue by approximately $37,863 million, which is about the same rate of increase.
(Note the details here. This suggests that there is still a lot of potential revenue that can be released, the motivation behind it, which we believe may be pre-positioned for winterization. This is a point of study where, if field research or participation in shareholder meetings is done, it can be shown: pre-harvest and growth in conservative scenarios (in %)
At this point, income analysis is finally over, but there are many other important things that need to be addressed – where will the income that goes into the accounts every year be spent? A little more or less will significantly affect valuation modelling.
Let's start with the reason for the increase in the Māori rate -- here, we compare the price increase with the Māori rate one year later -- and the important reason for the adjustment is that the operating income from real estate development is mainly carried over from the advance income, not from the year but from the previous year.
High, reflecting rising prices before the financial crisis, and the decline in the Māori rate in 2009, reflecting the impact of the 2008 gold melting crisis, while the sharp increase in Māori in 2010 reflected the increase in prices in 2009. Visiblely, the figure is: Māori Vanko rate, price increase (postponed one year) (in %)
The low Māori ratio of Vanko is stable, according to Merger and Purchasing, which is linked to Vanko’s land acquisition strategy. In 2007, the cattle market affected Vanko, which speeded up land acquisition, frequently robbed several “Governs”, and in 2007 the average floor price of the Vanko building (building price = total land price planned for construction area) was $3580/m2, compared to only 1800/m2 in 2006.
Me, because land is a very important part of the cost of real estate development, a sharp increase in land prices will directly lead to an increase in costs. From 2008 onwards, Vanko established three principles in business: no hoarding, no covering, no taking of the King. Now look back, this is a very robust and forward-looking business strategy that will ensure that Vanko’s land acquisition costs do not rise significantly.
To make it clear, let's see how the Maori rate will change later. The second half of the cycle, and the long-term mechanisms currently in place for real estate, are designed to prevent large price hikes and declines, so when projections are made, we will be able to find a way out of this.
Without a detailed prognosis of the cycle, we assume that the three-year projection period will remain at an average of nearly three years. Okay, here we solve the problem of real-estate Mäori forecasts – but we need to separate the other operations to see what other operations are doing.
First, in this case, the Māori rate of the property business has been stable at around 15 per cent since 2009, below the Bírón 30 per cent (upper), and over 30 per cent (over), mainly because the property remains predominantly based on basic services, with a limited price increase, and here we consider that property income, other business income, is small and has little impact on the whole, assuming that it maintains the pre-projected water.
The three-quarterly report does not disclose the relevant information, and the original assumption remains unchanged; again, the burning of money on items such as sales costs, overheads, taxes and charges: from 2016 to 2018, the ratio of management costs (depreciated) to operating income was 2.78 per cent, 3.59 per cent, respectively.
The original assumption was modified to assume that taxes and surcharges as a share of income during the forecast period would be at the three-quarterly reporting level - 8.82 per cent. The overall change in sales costs, management costs as a share of operating income, compared to 2018, is not significant, and the previous projections are maintained.
The old amortization must first identify the question – how much Vanko will be spent on long-term assets in the future? Because of Vanko’s fixed assets, the small amount of construction work in progress, we will combine the fixed assets and the fixed assets in this case, consisting mainly of hotels, houses and buildings, machinery and transport, electronic equipment, etc.
Houses account for the first of these, with 84 per cent of total fixed assets in 2018 and 6.4 per cent of machinery and transport equipment; the maximum age of depreciation of buildings is 70 years, the annual rate of depreciation is more than 1.37 per cent, and the age of depreciation of machinery and transport equipment.
Since Vanko is not part of the heavy asset company and the share of fixed assets and construction work in progress is small, the Merger and Purchase (M&A) extracts annual capital expenditure as a proportion of income, simplifying the forecast of fixed assets and depreciations. According to the tri-quarter report of Huanko in 2019, capital expenditure as a percentage of income was 1.55 per cent, slightly higher than we expected, but the overall difference was slightly higher.
The estimated value of fixed assets for each year of the projected period is 3 per cent of the beginning of the period, according to the semi-annual report of Huanko in 2019, with the main fixed assets at the end of 2018.
More relevant than previous increases, considering that later fixed assets would be added to the end of 2018 and that the base figure for the beginning of the period would be large, which would result in a certain reduction in the start/fixed asset ratio, the three-quarterly report, which assumes that later depreciation/fixed asset ratios do not disclose the relevant information, maintains the previously assumed level.
Here, for example, in a conservative scenario, the projected value of the fixed assets is as follows. So, the fixed assets, construction in progress, depreciation, amortization have been resolved, but a large other group of factors that affect the intrinsic value -- what is the right of speech in this case in the industrial chain? Is it another person's money, or is it another person's money? How much would it be?
In this case, the value of operating capital as a share of income: (a) by 2010, the net operating capital of Huanko as a share of operating income is worth noting.
A year later, the share of net operating capital in operating income began to decline significantly. As can be seen, the nodes of the change in the ratio occurred in 2008 and 2010.
The 2008 financial crisis reshaped its business strategy, and Huanko confirmed the product structure based on the “building of fresh-demand housing” and the “three-no” principle (no hoarding, no covering, no king).
A month is open, with more than 80% of ordinary dwellings and 60% of sales in the current month after opening. And this is a principle that affects two core subjects of the business capital of real-estate enterprises – pre-receipt payments and deposits.
An analysis of the stock turnover rate of Vanko reveals two phenomena: 1) the stock turnover rate of Vanko had been declining until 2009, but there was an upward trend after 2009, with a slight decline in the last two years.) The stock turnover rate of Huenko was at a low level in the industry.
The increase in stock turnover after 2009 is consistent with our analysis described above. The increase in the last two years is mainly related to a higher increase in the number of products to be developed (land) in the inventory in 2017 and an increase in the number of construction-in-progress products in the inventory in 2018.
% (lower inventory turnover) to forecast inventory by taking the average of inventory/business costs over the last five years. Since the inventory/business cost level was significantly higher in 2018 than in the remaining years, the three-quarters update excluded the 2018 data, while the share of other items in operating capital was small, assuming that the ratio of operating income or operating costs was maintained during the forecast period
So, the right to speak up and down the chain is basically clear -- yet, for real estate companies, there's one more thing we have to think about: huge debt, how do we predict it?
Real estate companies appear to have higher general asset-liability ratios, such as the one in the case of Huanko, with a high asset-liability rate of 84.59 per cent in 2018. Here, however, there is a broad fallacy to note that for real estate companies, using asset-liability ratios to judge their liabilities, it would be gross. Because real estate companies have a very high pre-payment (contractual liability) that would raise them.
The overall asset liability rate. Here, the interest-bearing liability rate, or the net liability rate, is used as a judgement indicator. First, look at Vanko's rate of interest-bearing liabilities with other companies in the same industry: Figure: Real estate companies' interest-bearing liability ratio (%)
The above figure contains a few points that deserve our attention: 1) The interest-bearing liability rate in 2018 was only around 20 per cent, although it was as high as 85 per cent; 2) The interest-bearing debt ratio in this case is low in the same industry and is much lower than that of real estate firms such as Beguio Park, Huge and Crash.
3. Since 2011, its interest-bearing liability rate has remained stable, with overall fluctuations less than those of the other three enterprises. The low interest-bearing liability rate also affects the financing costs of the case, with long-term borrowing rates of around 6% and debt payable rates of around 2% to 5%, as disclosed in the Annual Report 2018.
Debt rates are projected. The main reason is that, although the range of interest-bearing liabilities/stock fluctuations is relatively stable, the scale is larger and it is difficult for us to accurately predict the exact value of this ratio, so this data here is based on a more stable interest-bearing debt ratio, which implies a layer of operating assumptions, which means that we expect that Vanko will remain robust and not large.
There has been a significant increase in the debt rate, mainly due to a higher decline in monetary funds, which historically is reported in three quarters less than in the whole year. Thus, there is the possibility of a decline in the net debt ratio throughout the year, even though the net debt ratio for three quarters is still low compared to the net debt ratio for Bei Qui-Gwon, China and China.
So, for example, in a conservative scenario, the forecast of interest-bearing liabilities for the M&A projection period is as follows. In this study, several of the main variables in the valuation modeling have been identified. After assuming that it's done, the modelling is the water-to-water process.
More detailed data studies have been made and the performance chain in this case has been restored: taking land - land reserves - new construction - area of sale - pre-sale - business income - profits.
However, long-term industry certainty is still insufficient. Here, we add a “top-down” projection that compares China, us, Japan's per capita land area and per capita housing area to the future direction of the real estate sector in the country:
1)us, with an area of 9.1474 million square kilometres and a population of 327 million square metres per capita, 27973.7 square metres per capita and 67 square metres per capita in urban areas; 2) Japan, with an area of 36.46 million square kilometres and a population of 127 million, with an area of 2871 square metres per capita,
(c) China has a total area of 963,000 square kilometres and a population of 1,395 million, with a per capita area of 6903.23 square metres and a per capita housing area of 23 square metres;
Here, it is noted that we use the per capita housing area, rather than the per capita housing construction area, which is indicated on the property certificate, rather than the actual area available, citing Dr. Zeping's " China Housing Stock Report 2019 " .
Here, we believe that there should be a basic correspondence between the size of the country per capita and the size of housing per capita. For example, our per capita area is lower than Japan, below us, in the middle, and if we look at the level of land supply and resources, the theoretical ceiling level of housing development in our country may not be sufficient for usa data, but at
At present, our per capita housing use is only 23 square metres, well below Japan. Moreover, in terms of industry competition, the United States, for example, has now crossed 75 per cent of the nodes of urbanization, with a peak market of 8 per cent, compared with the current rate of only 2.8 per cent in the country.
There is still room for a significant increase in the market share of leading companies. The above figures, in terms of ceilings and market rates, further confirm our earlier conclusion that, while the country’s real estate industry has gradually moved into the second half of a large cycle, it is still far from the ceiling and the space for development remains enormous.
It's very important how the valuation model works, and before we do the modelling data, let's take a look at the basics of the case:
We have reached the stage of maturing, but we have not really reached the peak. Second, there is still a huge gap between our per capita area vs per capita housing, and Japan and us, even in Japan, where life habits are more similar, there is still almost half of the room for growth. So, the concerns that are now circulating on the market are redundant.
3) As the industry ceiling moves towards its peak and even down, city occupancy will gradually become a key factor -- we take the example of pulte, one of the four big real estate firms of usa, which was established in 1956 in Detroit, and which, after a gradual slowdown in the real estate sector, has acquired a number of residential development companies through M&As, and has rapidly increased it.
The rate of urbanization in the United States has reached the ceiling in the year, but the market share of leading companies is still growing. The city’s rate has risen, leading to a significant increase in revenues, which remained at about 30% between 2001 and 2005.
All of this was also achieved in 1992-2005, mainly through M&As. So, by contrast with mature market leaders, it can be seen that the later stages of Huanko could increase through M&As. Higher. This level of data on the elimination of excess cash, where basic and ocean rivers, Haikang, and Eli are in the same camp.
5) Core moats — the low level of a sound business strategy, industry leader, which makes them less affected by cyclical fluctuations, in addition to low debt ratios and low financial costs. 7) Risk factors — in the context of the maze ofusa, the risk of this track, in terms of the economic cycle and in terms of itself
Debt ratios. So, more research is needed on the low-debt-rate, robust poles of the giants. High leverage may expand quickly in the short term, but the down-run period will also be tragic.
So, on the basis of all the above analysis, we went into the major part of this report — the financial model construction, the financial presentation and the detailed valuation modeling of some of the key companies, and we asked for the purchase of the prototype and the professional version of the report.
In the case of Yangtze electricity and Haikangwe, for example, the modeling section is as follows:
In the next professional and technical editions of the report, we will address the following major issues in this case along these lines. Only by thinking clearly about these issues will we be able to understand this company thoroughly, forming a logical circle. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, they can run around the secondary market -- but, in fact, if we do,
Without a clear picture of the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk, there will still be a great disaster: 1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies. What is the difference between the data compartments that have been produced, and whether there is something to think about?
2) Does the combination of relative valuations, absolute valuations, and the resulting range of valuations be logical? Where are the differences? If a sensitivity analysis is conducted, how much is the impact of wacc and acceleration on valuation?) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain - different methods in the valuation modelling process in this case.
What difference does it make? How should all the financial forecasts be combined to form a closed link to the valuation model?
The value of the case is whether it is expensive or cheap in what areas? Because of the public details of the report, there is a conflict with the paying user of the merger-ordered report, the M & A team will be required to report to the user, part of it will no longer be free of charge, and gradually try to pay for the function.
Paying a reasonable price for good products is the way to make the world a better place -- the cost that everyone pays will help us to add more investment elites from the top universities around the world, and the M&A team will also be able to purchase deeper industry data from a global range, so that it can continue to evolve and provide more productive research for all.
In this case, it will be updated to the team's Core Product One: A Professional Valuation Report Book. If you are interested in this case's [value section] and more, you can scan the bottom two-dimensional code, get details of the valuation modeling in this case, and the financial risks that may be involved.
As reports cannot be made public, as well as significant risk points, they will be included. Moreover, many of the functions not available to the public, including valuation modelling forms for priority companies, will be available for downloading paid members, the history of mergers and acquisitions, and the associated report ratings.
Check core products Professional edition Obtain model forms and invoices after purchase, please add staff micromails: ys_dsj
In addition to this case, the low-value, the security margin, the eight words that can be said to be the true core of the value investment research system, are also the masters of Barfit, Charlie Manger, Seth Callaman, Peter Lynch, John Neff, Joel Greenbrattt.
You can only live in the market if you have skills in financial analysis, industrial analysis, riverine analysis, valuation analysis, portfolio analysis.
But since valuation is not just a measure of data, it also needs to be based on an understanding of the market, an analysis of the industry, and a rigorous calculation of data, the area of expertise is extremely high, often daunting, and therefore resource-restrictive.
This is a huge bottleneck in the career development and investment systems of our marketers, and that is the direction that the M&A team will work for for the rest of its life -- together with us, we'll hit the cards every day for 10 years to study 10,000 companies.
We've been thinking about the research system for almost five years, hundreds of research cases for nearly three years, and hundreds of excellent valuation reports, all of which are concentrated in this library, on the one hand, the merger.
We're a group of researchers that focus on deep corporate research. This library, which enriches our research excellence, is a guide for all users of the M&A. I hope you'll get what you want: you'll get what you want every day you want.
This paper is based on public corporate attributes, organized in accordance with their legal obligations to publicly disclose information such as financial analysis, auditing, advertising, etc., and not for the future.
We seek to be accurate, but we do not guarantee its completeness, accuracy, timeliness. The market is at risk, and research needs to be cautious. 3) With regard to the subject: Financial modelling reports, there is a huge workload, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and there is no guarantee that all the cases you need will be covered.
On the platform: All the content of the Yogurt team is exported only from the micro-credit platform, is not responsible for any other platform content, and we reserve the right of legal recourse in case of counterfeiting or infringement of the platform.