In December 2016, at the company ' s request, the company ' s shareholdings in the Nanxi Group, Inc., for planning major corporate-related matters.
28 Emergency stoppages from 13 p.m. and consecutive stoppages from 29 December 2016. After argument and consultation with the parties concerned, the above-mentioned material matters constitute a major asset reorganization, and the company issued a major asset standstill announcement on 12 January 2017.The group ' s assets are more likely to be injected and are expected to move to a market value of hundreds of billions of dollars.
In 2013, when the GNB went to the Group, the NGS and NSG had promised to address the issue of peer competition within three years of the completion of the reorganization. This stoppage started towards the end of the commitment period, with a greater likelihood of asset injection.
After the usual infusion of high voltage in Rijbot, Middle Pride, and Preyt, the company’s market value is expected to rise to hundreds of millions of dollars in market value. The company is the smart grid leader, and in the areas of power conversion automation, relay protection, distribution automation, etc., the company has a strong competitive position and is in the domestic market.
In the area of grid control automation, the country’s power supply has always been an absolute leader in the country. In the future, high-morier movement control operations will remain stable, and companies are expected to achieve some success in this area as a result of the growth of the incremental distribution of electricity from the revolution.
The company’s competitiveness with regard to trading platforms is also self-evident because of the strong correlation and synergy between the trading platform and the movement control platform and the firm’s absolute and monopolistic competitive power over the movement control system. There is an outbreak of demand in the industries benefiting from the electric car charger business.
The development of electric cars has generated demand for power-filling posts, and national grid companies have responded positively to national calls to build large-scale power-filling posts, with more than $5 billion expected to be invested throughout 2016. The company is a supplier of high-quality power-charged equipment under the national grid.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the logic of analysis is based on his professional understanding, and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective and fair.