The company achieved operating income of $11,415 million in 2016, an increase of 17.54 per cent, attributable to the mother-in-law.
For the first time in 2016, the company made a breakthrough of 10 billion, with major electricity grid automation, emerging industries, energy conservation and environmental operations, and industrial control operations supporting growth in performance, as we expected. The rapid growth of products such as electricity distribution, automation, and grid support, and the promotion of ultra-high-pressure products, were marked on both networks.
The upgrade resulted in a 22 per cent increase in grid automation operations; industrial control operations benefited from track transit, a 71 per cent increase in the high temperature of the industry. The higher hardware content of the shipping project resulted in an overall decrease of 2.41 percentage points in the Māori ratio, but the cost of the company was optimized.
□ high-quality assets in major asset restructuring planning are to be injected into a substantial increase in profits.
An initial deal was made with NSG and NGS on asset-related matters, such as equity in Prettt High Voltage Transmission Technology Ltd., prior to which Nan Swe had made a commitment to compete with the company. Nan Swe had continued to protect and control our electricity system.
At the top of the list, its core product has been the highest in the industry, especially in the area of ultra-high pressure, a market share of more than 50 per cent in the direct-flow control protection system, and a Māori rate above the company ' s current level, with a new contract of $10 billion in 2016, the infusion of which will significantly increase corporate profits.
High pressure on Beijing's network, Preyt, can also strengthen the company's power in the field of recharge posts.
With 90 per cent coverage per year, there is still much room for growth in the area of power distribution automation alone; industry is also expected to achieve high-speed growth if plans to build 900,000 chargers in 2017 are to land; railway electrification has increased from 61 per cent to 70 per cent in 2020, and urban orbital transport operations from 3,300 kilometres in 2015
The growth in the performance of industry-controlled operations is strongly supported by the following definition of the increase and decline in securities (or industry index) relative to the depth of 300 indexes within 12 months of the date of this report:
The market benchmark index is 300 indexes. I am qualified to practice portfolio investment advice by the Chinese Securities Association, using diligent professional, professional and careful research methods and using legal matching.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.