The company achieved operating income of 11,415 million yuan during the period of the World Cup, an increase of 17.95 per cent over the same period;
Wang Linson belongs to the parent company with a net profit of 1,447 million yuan, an increase of 11.39 per cent from the previous year, equivalent to 10 per cent for the ps, $9.7 billion in operating costs and $1.2 billion in the period.
In the power grid automation operation, the update cycle begins in 16 months, and energy efficiency and environmental conservation operations are increasing at a significant rate. The company grid automation panel collection point, 16 years of growth, is derived from the movement control product, and the Southern grid has a master adjustment for the winning bid, the movement control.
Automation began to return to high growth this year; the rest of the transformer power plant automation as a whole has continued to grow slightly, investment in the city network, which is more intelligent in electricity distribution investments, is slower, electricity is more stable, and automated operations are expected to be more stable.
In the first half of the year, the grid energy-saving operation signed projects in Zhejiang, Anhui and other areas. The energy-saving operations were mainly directed to the system and were tendered by the national network energy-saving companies themselves at a better price than the national network.
Nanxi is also exploring the financial leasing model for the construction of a network that deserves sustained closure, with a sharp decline in power generation and new energy generation, and a large list of interlocking plates confirming that the rate of growth is expected to double this year. Power generation and new energy plates include wind power and light voltage automation.
The same-year-old drop of 9.12 points has resulted in a decline in the size of wind and wind industry companies as a whole, the expansion of companies and the opening of offshore wind and wind markets at the same time; the expansion of photovoltaic overseas markets has continued and there has been an increase in photovoltaic packages, but competition has increased and the Māori rate has declined.
The sum of $867 million, an increase of 71.83 per cent over the previous year, and the Māori rate of 14.44 per cent, is the same as the slightly over-market reforms expected by the 16,1024 quarterly report, which are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, while the total portfolio projects reduce the overall Māori rate.
Line 1, Longsand Track 3 and Ninggau Inter-Lo, reported in 160825, group capital for the second half of the year.
Listed companies have signed a framework with major shareholders to wait for further refinement of the program.
The Framework Agreement on Major Asset Reorganization, which includes the acquisition by listed companies of assets held by groups such as Nanxivibo, Prett's high voltage transmission of electricity on the Beijing National Network, and the collection of matching funds, the details of which require further communication.
Cost control has been effective and operating cash flows have performed well. In 2016, the cost of corporate sales was $467 million, an increase of 16.2 per cent over the previous year, and the cost of sales was 5.86 per cent compared to 6.40 per cent during the same period last year; The dollar was $101 million less than at the beginning of the year.
The net amount of $1.824 billion for the current period, compared to $1,203 million for the same period last year, represents a significant improvement in operating cash flows, and the overall cost control and refund control indicates that the company is currently making a profit projection and valuation for management: we expect a steady 16-year performance to inject assets.
At this historic stage, the performance of the company is still on a steady upward trend, with the period 2017-2019 being the period of net return.