In the first half of the year, the price of electricity rose by 20.70 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the price of coal was higher.
The main reasons for the decline in electricity generation in the second quarter were Shanghai, Guangdong, Jilin, Hainan, Shanghai and Shanghai.
Liaoning, Jiangsu, Fujian, Hebei, Hunan, Zhejiang, Shandong, Heilongjiang, among others, experienced a greater decline in the demand for electricity; the fuel costs of the lighter units continued to operate at high levels, and the volume of power generated by the company from the fire decreased by the same year. (3) For profit, the price of corporate fuel purchased increased significantly over the same period, especially in view of the relatively large share of the company installed aircraft.
• Green power business: high industry climate + good competitive patterns + high profitability, target market space of 180 billion dollars.
In the year, the company ' s green grids increased at a 40% compound rate; considering that some of the company ' s additional installed machines included sea wind projects, which were more profitable than land wind projects, the company ' s net profits increased at a higher rate than its net profits.
The net profit from the source machine business contribution is approximately $6 billion, corresponding to the target market value of $180 billion.
1) In the short term, the price of electricity for market-based transactions has floated + DCRC has strictly controlled the price of coal, and the company ' s fire and electricity business has passed through the most difficult times and is expected to achieve a balance of gains, losses or small profits. 2) In the medium term, the power auxiliary services management scheme has been put in place and the profitability of the engine support services is expected to increase.)
In the long run, the company's existing fire power assets will eventually be converted into green power in depreciated form.
The pb is 2.10 and 0.39, respectively, while the pb market for Long-source Power (a) and Long-source Power (h) is expected to see performance growth in 2022 determine profitability projections and investment ratings: coal prices are expected to rise in the second half of the year, taking into account the increase in the proportion of the Coal General Association.
It's a remarkable underestimation that the power poles of fire are turning green, and that construction and production are not as fast as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board