The marginal increase in profitability, the new energy uplifts open up the growth space, recommend (for the first time) pottery.
The company released its semi-annual report for 2022, which achieved operating revenue of $116.87 billion in the first half of the year, a steady increase in the profitability of the new energy plate, and high fuel prices, which have dragged overall performance.
The new energy plates are growing steadily as the size of the installed machines increases. New energy units currently account for only 13.9 per cent of the company’s total.
In the first half of the year, Liang Yunan purchased coal at a combined price of $840.27 per ton, an increase of 41.20 per cent in the same year.
The cost per unit of fuel sold at the power plant was $376.70/megawatt hours, an increase of 50.49 per cent in the same year. Although the average online settlement price for the company ' s running power plants was $505.69/megawatt hours in the first half of the year, the same increase was 20.70 per cent, the revenue from the increase in electricity prices was not sufficient to cover the company ' s fuel costs.
In the first half of the year, the wind and light units were added to 3.1gw and the overall installation structure was constantly optimized. By the first half of 2022, the company had a total of 122.19gw, of which wind and power accumulated.
The company’s low-carbon clean energy installed capacity amounted to 24.33%, an increase of 1.94 percentage points from the end of 2021, taking into account other clean energy sources such as hydropower, biomass and natural gas.
Increased marginal profitability and net operating cash flow on a year-on-year basis
In the more than two months since letter 303 was officially implemented, the State and local authorities have been increasing compliance controls for coal contracts for medium- and long-term contracts to ensure that the Association stabilizes the supply and does not exceed the prescribed price.
With a compliance rate of more than 96% and a yield of more than 60 billion dollars to downstream firms. Given that the price of coal power can rise by up to 20%, and that the increase in the energy-intensive sector is not limited by this, it is expected that the profitability of the fire power will be significantly restored in the second half of the year, thanks to the dual role of the price of coal and market-based electricity.
In response to the energy transition, it is expected that 1450 new energy sources, 40gw Power Group, will plan for more than 80gw by 2025, ensuring a clean energy source ratio of more than 50%.
The energy transition of the National Investment Commission is demanding a strong incentive, and we expect that the company’s new energy source, 40gw, will be added around 8gw a year during the 1450s. Coal prices will remain high; new energy development will be less advanced than expected; electricity prices will be limited, etc.
Tao Maw, graduated from China’s University of Mines (Beijing) and has had more than 10 years of experience in industrial research, and has long been working on environmental public and industrial chains. He worked on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined the Chinese Galaxy securities in January 2022.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.