Upstream/downstream depth integration, high-generation lines adapted to industrial developments — Kyoto Easta (000725.sz) depth report, Yuan Hae-woo Research Assistant
His research assistant, Mohammad Wang, is integrated up and down the river, and the high-generation line is in line with the industry's development.
The most innovative semiconductor displayer. Kyoto East was founded in 1993 as a network of products that provide intelligence for information interaction and human health a (000725.sz) and professional services. After many years of layout and development, Kyoto East has now developed, including displays.
In 2017, 8678 new patents were applied in Kyoto East, with more than 85% of the inventions and a cumulative amount of more than 60,000 patents. The US patent service agency, ificlaims, issued US patent authorizations for 2017.
According to the report, the ranking of Kyoto East rose from 40th to 21st in 2016, with 1413 United States patents granted, an increase of 62% over the same year, continuing at the highest rate in Top50. Kyoto East has become one of the most innovative semiconductors in the world.
As a leading global semiconductor industry, Kyoto East has nine tft-lcd production lines that are now the only suppliers on the continent that can produce 1.8-55 inches of whole-line LCD products. Because monitors, laptop computers, tablets, smartphones are coming into maturity.
The demand in lcd comes mainly from LCD TV and new vehicles, and new displays. So, large sizes will be the direction of the LCD displays over the next few years. There are five high-generation lines in the nine production lines in the Tokyo East, which are consistent with industrial trends and yield high economic benefits. According to the latest Display data, 2017 Kyoto East laptops, smart hands.
Wang Sayu’s research assistant, the flatboard computer LCD, is the world’s first-highest-highest-highest-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-largest-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-
The company's main data (2018.4.24) uses amoled as its screen. In 2011 a technology laboratory was set up in the east of Kyoto. In 2017, the six-generation amoled production line was officially launched in the east of Kyoto and delivered flexible amoled products to clients.
In the early stages of development, there are a lot of ways to break through. At this point, the gap between the flexible ones of the Tokyo East and the ones of the Samsung is small in terms of the end product that should be used to experience their clients. In the field of the Kolod, the Tokyo East is perfectly capable of doing the opposite. In the future, as technology matures, the penetration of the amoled smartphone and the unid TV will continue to rise, and the Kyoto East is expected to be in the future.
In recent years, Kyoto East has been actively expanding its operations in the field of intelligence systems and health services through M & A and autonomous research and development.
It's built, intelligently retailed, and intelligently operated. The company's health and digital hospital projects are well under way in the health section.
A mobile health management platform and ecosystem for high-quality health care.
The LCD shows a further increase in the market share of the panel; the progress of the amoled project; the intelligent system; and health risk factors. Slow macroeconomic growth; a decline in State support for industry and companies; a sharp decline in the prices of LCD and amoled products; and excessive depreciation pressures and interest on loans have led to continued deterioration of the company’s financial position.
The most innovating global semiconductor shows the leading companies in the year, when Kyoto East established Beijing’s Beijing East Specially Displayed Technology Ltd., which provides display systems and solutions. In 2001, the company issued a share in deep-seated shares.
tft-lcd, with its total tft-lcd patent technology, global marketing network, became the ninth LCD panel manufacturer in the world. The company launched the first demonstration line built on autonomous technology in mainland China - the tft-lcd production line in Beijing, Beijing, to fill the void in the domestic tft-lcd display. In 2009, the company established the Tokyo East Energy Technology Company to enter into photovoltaic operations. In 2010, the company launched a flatboard computer display operation, and produced products for domestic and international customers such as Samsung.
Television screen operations, product supplies to Hale, Haishin, Concor, etc. In 2013, a community of intelligent systems was established. In 2015, the company launched its first 10.5 generation of global production lines. In 2017, the company formally launched its sixth-generation mooled production line. After many years of layout and development, three major industries, including display devices, intelligent systems, and health services, were formed in Kyoto East.
Face, as a leading global firm in semiconductor displays, corporate displays are widely applied to smartphones, flatboard computers, and wearable devices. In intelligence systems, companies focus on “material networking and artificial intelligence” with a focus on digital art displays, supermarket services, smart equipment design and manufacturing services, photovoltaic facilities and wiring, vehicle displays, and car networking, building four major business systems: smart manufacturing, smart retailing, smart motors, and smart energy.
In the service sector, the company has developed six major business systems: mobile health, o2o medical care, reproductive medicine, integrated medicine, health parks, health insurance, with the basic characteristics of “information medicine and big data.” Currently, displays are the company's most important business, accounting for more than 80% of the company's revenues. Prior to 2010, the country's import demand for liquid crystal panels was very high.
With strong support from the state, Kyoto East has been active in research and development and has been innovative. President Wang Dong-jung of Kyoto East said that “innovation is the only way that we survive,” and at the most difficult time, Kyoto East has insisted on investing around 7% of its annual operating income in research and development, increasing the number of new patent applications each year. In 2017, there were 8678 new patent applications from Kyoto East, of which over 85% of inventions were patented and over 60,000 cumulative patents were available.
According to the 2017 U.S. Patent Authorization Statistics Report, Kyoto’s Eastern ranking jumped from 40th to 21st in 2016, with the U.S. patenting volume rising by 62% compared to the same figure, continuing at the highest rate in Top50. Kyoto’s becoming one of the most innovative semiconductors in the world.
The lcd industry has moved toward large-scale and high-cleaning, and research on modern LCD technologies has originated in the US, but they have not developed a lot of LCDs for a long time because many US firms have found LCDs unprofitable. Before the twenty-first century, the LCD market was monopolized by Japan, and in 1994 Japan’s tft LCD panel had reached its peak, accounting for 94% of the world’s market share.
So, as the LCD industry entered its second recession cycle and missed its best period of industrial development, Japan's LCD vendor competitiveness declined and, in 2016, Japan withdrew from LCD with Honghai’s acquisition of Sharp. Korea’s LCD industry began in 1979 with the production of tn-lcd for calculators and spreadsheets.
With the strong support of the state, our LCD industry has now become the world’s leading producer. After decades of development, LCD technology has reached maturity and can be widely applied to mobile phones, television, computers, vehicles, etc.
Mobile and it shows a slowdown in market demand: global panel markets have grown rapidly since 2010 as smartphone markets have developed. In 2017, with the saturation of smartphone markets and the growing convergence of new products, global smartphones have fallen for the first time, with the latest data from idc showing global smart cellular output of 1,462 million in 2017, a 0.5 per cent decline in the same year and a 5 per cent decline in the Chinese market. idc projected global smartphone growth in 2018, but a 5 per cent decline in 2017.
The market share of lcd in smart phones will be further squeezed as a result of the development of the technology shown by the oled in 2022, the growth of the lcd panel will be lower than 2.8%, similar to that of smart phones, the maturity of laptops, tablets, and monitors, and limited demand for lcd in the coming years. Large sizes and high clearances will become one of the most important applications of LCD: television is one of the tft-lcd. The cost of lcd is due to the rise in people’s living standards.
In recent years, LCD TV has been moving towards a large, nuanced, large-scale, multi-size, multi-size global market ratio in 2018, with 52-55 inches reaching 18% and 65 inches reaching 5.5%, with an average size of 45.9 inches and a global view level of over 50 in 2022. Unlike in previous years, at the ces global consumer electronic exhibition and the recent awe exhibition, television manufacturers demonstrated that
According to the Chinese Electronic Video Association, the market penetration rate of 4k TV has increased from 2% in 2013 to 58% in 2017. The 8k is the same as the 4k in essence as the next generation television video technology superhi-vision, but with better results, due to the low source of production costs and the lack of bandwidth.
Commercial and new applications show growing growth prospects: in recent years, there has been an increase in the demand for entertainment information systems in cars, driving support systems, and the need for interactive navigation devices, control screens, air conditioning controls, electrical meters, etc.
In 2021, the combined growth rate of vehicle-borne system receipts will reach 11%, from nearly $9 billion in 2015 to $18.6 billion in 2021, and the volume of shipments will increase from more than 6% of the annual composite growth rate to 170.6 million, which will result in a rapid increase in LCDs, which serve as monitors. In recent years, a large number of panel producers have experienced a sharp decline in their profits in the second half of 2015, as a result of the gradual commissioning of their panels.
Only Korean manufacturers shut down nine of the 19 panels. This series of initiatives significantly reduced the supply of liquid crystal panels. Thus, since the second half of 2016, there have been varying degrees of price increases in each size panel. As a result of the gradual release of our high-generation line capacity, the price of liquid crystal panels has declined at different scales since the second half of 2017. At present, the average price of liquid crystal panels is at its lowest level since 2016.
The monitors have reached maturity and market demand has stabilized over a short period of time, and the price of the LCD panel will decline slightly over the next three years, owing to the simultaneous increase in demand and supply of large LCD panels. The layout of high-generation lines is in line with industry trends.
Kyoto East is a leading company in the global semiconductor field, leading the innovation and development of the global semiconductor, with four components: tft-lcd, amoled, emblem display (vr/ar) and sensors, providing mobile phones, tablet computers, monitors, wearing, engineering control, medical screens, etc., and film sensor products.
In 2003, Kyoto East acquired the modern Korean electronics tft-lcd business with $380 million, using all of its tft-lcd proprietary technology, the global marketing network, to become the ninth largest LCD panel manufacturer in the world. At present, the company has become the leading global lcd panel supplier, leading technology innovation and development in the lcd field, increasing people's high-quality visual enjoyment, and making products widely available for mobile display products.
It displays products, television products, commercial displays, and new applications. Long-term, sustainable cooperation with well-known domestic and international clients such as Samsung, lig, Huaiang, Conspicuous, and Mi, has become the first supplier of many international first-line brands. At present, Kyoto East is the only supplier on our continent that can produce 1.8-55 inches of LCD products and solutions, with a global smartphone lcd screen, a tablet screen, and a laptop display that is the world’s leading in 2017.
At present, the company has nine lcd production lines, with a monthly capacity of 940,000, which is among the highest in the world. Moreover, in April, the company’s 10.5 generation of Wuhan was officially launched, and is expected to be operational in 24 months.
In the area of traditional displays, we can see that the growth in demand for liquid crystal panels in the coming years will come mainly from television, which is due mainly to an increase in the average size of television. At present, 55 inches of large television are the dominant size, and the next 65 inches will be the main size. The economic cutting of 8.5 generations is 55 inches, while the same number of screen 10 lines can be cut to 70 inches, and 10.5 inches can be cut to 75 inches. As television sizes increase, the high generation line is particularly high.
Four lines, 10.5 lines, and another 10.5 generation line, are expected to come into production in 2020. With limited demand for small and medium-sized panels and increasing demand for large-sized panels, the high-generation line in the Kyoto East not only achieves better economic benefits in cutting, but also provides an effective supply to downstream industries, in line with industry trends.
At present, the downstream applications shown by LCDs are spread across many areas, such as smartphones, vehicles, medical care, and industrial controls, and because of the different conditions in downstream industries, the cooperation between panel firms and downstream firms has taken on different characteristics. In consumer electronics, after years of development, the market for smartphones is moving towards centralization and monopolization. The latest data on idc show that the market share of smartphones in the top five global rankings (three stars, apples, tiles, popo, mill) reached 60.5% in 2017, compared with 55.6% in 2016.
The smartphone panels are typically custom-made, showing that panel manufacturers need to obtain orders through certification, etc. Only long-term collaboration and display of panels can create stable and close partnerships with smartphone manufacturers.
Power and coloring, multiscreening, contact integration, high reliability and high-quality product configuration. For example, vehicle-borne displays show a high degree of customization of products, requiring panel manufacturers to maintain close contact with clients at the R & D design stage. In addition, their design, validation and production require longer cycles, which are difficult to replace once the panel manufacturer works with the car factory.
Over the years, deep collaboration with downstream producers has been achieved, with high levels of customer stickyness. At the same time, the company is actively cooperating with upstream manufacturers, and in 2014 the company signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Dong Xiaotsu, under which the two parties will cooperate in semiconductor displays, photovoltaic products, and intellectual health.
With the development of mobile Internet, technological advances and the emergence of energy-intensive and low-cost chips, smart apparel equipment has gradually moved from concept to commercialization, and has gradually infiltrated many fields, such as fitness, medical treatment, recreation, etc.. Companies have pre-positioned related areas, and in September 2014, companies, through their affiliated company Boedoh, have offered $5 million in subscriptions to wearables.
Focusing on mobile health smart products, building platforms for smart wears business development. The company’s smart wears a series of products with mobile health management at its core, and currently offers a variety of products, including smart bracelets, smart watches, smart robots, virtual reality glasses. As people’s standard of living rises, the smart wears products will become an essential part of life. Companies actively use built low-generation lines to put panel products into smart wear, virtual reality, and enhance reality.
Actively advance, expanding the amoled version of the map has many advantages compared to lcd. Some products begin to use amoled as a screen to further enhance the user's experience as the LCD technology, represented by tft-lcd, enters the maturity band.
In 2017, on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of the birth of the iphone, Apple launched its headline iphonex, which has pushed the use of amoled in smart phones to new heights, and a growing number of mobile phones in the market are starting to use amoled screens.
However, as technology matures further, and as the tristars and the country's amoled lines grow, witsview expects that by 2020, the penetration rate of smartphones will be more than 49.4%, and television is one of the important applications of soft amoled.
The latest figure, in 2017, is about 0.6% of our television penetration. The reason for the low television penetration is that it has a lower quality, higher cost, and limited market suppliers. At present, the main supplier of large-scale UED panels in the market is Korea ' s lg. The camp is expanding slowly, with local mainstream brands such as Vi, Conciang, Rainbow, Sony, Philip, lg, etc.
In order to adapt to flexible technology trends, amoled shows market opportunities. In October 2014, October 2016, March 2018, the company began building its capital, Sun, and Chongqing sixth generation.
In October 2017, the company became the first and second-largest soft-aled production line in our country. In its customer delivery activities, the company successfully delivered flexible displays to more than a dozen manufacturers, such as Huamao and Opo. With the completion of the 2019 and 2020 production lines in Tokyo, the company’s soft-appled monthly capacity will reach 144,000 units.
The product is mainly used in dry smartphones and television, and will be shown in the future in new and emerging areas such as a dry-carved display.Moled mobile screens currently cover 5.0 to 5.99 inches of products in the Tokyo East, and are flexible, dynasty, millet, opo, vivo
High-colour domain, high contrast, big-view, light, energy-efficient, corresponding speed, etc.
The contrast, the big view, the lightness, the energy saving, the corresponding speed, and so on, combined with the technique of oledhdr, which can guarantee to a great extent the colour of the picture, as if it were present, and provide a better view of the experience. The industry is in its early stages of development, and the technology is not mature enough, and there are many ways to break through.
The technological gap between the core parameters and Samsung is only 6 to 12 months, and the experience gap in the end product is already very small. Our companies are fully capable of achieving counter-surplus in this area. Technically, in small sizes, Kyoto East has been able to produce products that meet client requirements, providing amoled screens for mobile phone manufacturers such as Hua Dynasty and Mi: in large dimensions, companies are actively developing print-led technology platforms to promote the maturity of the entire industrial chain.
In October of that year, the digitimesresearch estimated that by 2021, the small-sized amoled panel could produce more than lgd, the second largest supplier of the small-sized amoled panel in the world; by 2022, the capacity of the small-sized amoled in the world would reach 20% and become an international mobile phone to provide adequate market demand. Thus, as the country’s long-lined conglomerates, Kyoto is fully capable of achieving counter-surveillance in the field of oled and of gaining access to the entire market in the oled market.
In 2013, the company set up the Smart Systems Enterprise to quickly deploy the fields in M & A + Autonomous R & D. In 2017, in the area of Reciprocal Retail, the company acquired esses.
Completing the layout of the electronic labelling field: In the case of Smart Motors, the company has successfully acquired Precision International, and has moved into the field of carriage displays. At present, the company's smart systems have evolved into four major business systems: smart manufacturing, smart retailing, smart motors, and smart energy. Smart manufacturing: With the rapid development of industrial information, the global market for full-time LCD TV and LCD monitors has grown in demand, and smart manufacturing has become a surrogate industry.
In keeping with and keeping pace with developments, companies actively deploy whole-of-the-board smart manufacturing production lines. Corporate smart manufacturing services subvert traditional manufacturing patterns, enabling the integration of design manufacturing and individual customization services for customers.
Smart retailing: Smart retailing of companies includes arts retailing, financial retailing and retailing of businesses, which can provide digital art displays, e-prices, self-service terminals, etc. On 16 June 2017, the company’s board of directors considered and adopted a bill on the acquisition of shares in ses-imagotag to purchase more than 50.01 per cent of shares in ses-imagotag at a price not exceeding 30 euros per share.
Sets 54.4% purchase of shares; On March 16, 2018, the company accumulated 79.94% of the shares they were issued in circulation, resulting in consolidated financial statements for the public department of Ses-imagotag. They-imagotagsa is the world’s leading electronic shelf label and digital tag supplier, and its product is rich, supporting coloured electronic paper, paragraph code lcd, tft-lcd, and includes a variety of esl-frequency agreements, wifi, ble, and nfc communications.
Card value and significant internationalized customer resources, based on electronic shelf labels, to create intelligent, retail solutions such as user behavior analysis systems, shelf management systems, etc. Smart energy: the company’s smart energy business is focused on green energy, active deployment of photovoltaic power plant investment operations and distributed storage applications for research and development, interconnectivity of power generation systems and digital maintenance, balancing demand and supply side, and upscaling of FM services; provision of energy efficient use links with full effort to expand distribution and carbon asset trading.
Energy efficiency management and related value-added services: Smart Motors: In 2016, the company completed the global strategic layout of the vehicle through the purchase of an international equity build-up. In 1978, Precision International was established. In 1983, Precision International built a plant in our country, and Precision International provided users with a variety of responses, including auto parts, industrial and consumer products, and demonstrated solutions.
With Hong Kong as its headquarters, the company’s production base is located mainly in Guangdong, and its overseas offices are located in Asia, North America, and Europe. The company’s Smart Car Union operations are fully based on subsidiary Precision International, which can provide customers with a car network solution for the “Video Plus Display System + All-Car Electronic System.”
The data from m-brain research companies show that global electronic shelf labels will grow at an annual rate of 30% between 2017 and 2020, and intelligentization will be the main trend in future retail market developments. The global vehicle market shows that markets, as well as intelligent manufacturing markets, are also growing.
The steady expansion of the health service industry has been accompanied by a steady increase in the level of per capita income, the population’s awareness of health and investment in health care services. At the same time, as the population is ageing, the number of people suffering from chronic diseases has increased.
On the basis of the above, the Tokyo East, using “information medicine and big data” as its basic features, is actively building five operational systems for mobile health, digital hospitals, reproductive medicine, life insurance, health parks, and a health services eco-coop. Digital hospitals: On 19 June 2015, companies signed a memorandum of cooperation with the leading American medical group, Diignityhealth, using their own semiconductor displays and intelligence.
On 2 December, the company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Mingde, invested in a project to build a digital polyclinic in fertilizer. The hospital will make full use of technical means such as networking, artificial intelligence, digitalization of medical care, data cloud development, management intelligence, and high-quality health care for its clients.
Mobile health: In March 2017, for the purpose of achieving an overall development strategy for corporate soft and hard integration, application integration and service transformation, personalized care and health management programmes for users using mobile health terminal equipment, the company purchased cnoga shares through a fully-owned company, Kyoto Light Power. cnoga is an innovative, non-inventive medical equipment research and development company whose products are, inter alia, non-inventive multi-parameter (mtx) and non-inflamed blood sugar (cog).
The company’s health service provides high-quality and accessible health care to offline clients, based on digital hospitals, and provides important support for online health management, long-distance medical care by combining human data with company medical data, cloud computing, and hospital resources through smart terminals, and by establishing mobile health management platforms and living Kyoto East, one of the world’s leading display providers. In recent years, with national focus, Kyoto East has experienced rapid development.
In 2015, 2017, the company’s operating income continued to grow at a rapid pace, with several high-generation productions in Beijing, Fuzhou, and Hoyoshi. On the profit side, the company’s overall Māori rate and net interest rate remained at around 20% and 8% for the rest of the year, except for the low gross interest rate in 2016. In 2016, the company’s lower Māori rate and net interest rate were due to the low Māori rate and net interest rate for the display business, which accounts for most of the company’s revenue.
High-generation line production, increasing market share of the lcd panel; rapid growth in corporate smart-system operations in 2015, 2016, 2017, mainly due to 15 years of smart manufacturing, 16 years of smart-car operations, and 17 years of smart retail operations. In 2014-2017, intelligent systems have a stable Māori rate and intelligent health has a steady rise.
Among the three major costs of the company, management costs are the highest, owing to high corporate R & D costs. Each year, the company invests about 7% of its operating income into R & D. The financial costs of the public division are also high, and the financial costs are mainly attributable to interest on loans.
Due to industry factors, the asset-liability rate of companies has remained high and has remained at over 40% in recent years. Thanks to strong State support, a large amount of government support has been provided. In recent years, the Department ' s out-of-business income has been high as a percentage of total corporate profits, with companies accounting for 53.78% of total profits in 2015 and companies ' out-of-service income in 2016.
We will measure the company’s operating income from 2018-2020 from the existing production lines, the new lcd production line and the new amoled production line. Currently, the company’s product lines are gradually moving towards centralization and standardization, with six generations of low-generation lines and below producing panels mainly for new and emerging areas; 8.5 generations of lines, mainly for mobile phones, laptops, monitors and television displays: 10.5 generations, mainly for large television panels at 65 hours and above.
Forgeline 8.5 is used to produce 55-hour ultra-clear television panels, for compost 10.5, and for Wuhan 10.5 all 65-hour ultra-clear television panels. Based on company-investor exchanges, the company ' s ratio of 8.5-generation good products is 97% and the average rate of good products for all production lines is more than 95%, and we assume that 97% and 95%, respectively, of the post-partum, 8.5- and compost 10.5-generation, respectively.
Price projections, with an exchange rate of 6.3, calculate the operating income from 2018 to 2020 that was increased by new companies with productive capacity. Between 2018 and 2020, prices rose in the first half of Fuzhou, and the price of the lcd panel began to decline in the second half of 2017 to a historically low level in the second quarter of 2018, with no future decline in space.
The computer panel. In the future, mobile phones will dominate for a period of 5-6 inches, so we assume that the amoled in Kyoto East is all used to cut the 5.5-hour cell screen. Based on Appleiphonx costs, the 5.8 inch amoled is split around $80. We assume that in 2017, the 5.5 inch amoled will cost $75, and in 2018, 2019, and 2020 prices will drop slightly. On this basis, we come to the flexible amoled line in Kyoto East in 2018-2020.
The company will receive $34,567 million, $68,241 million, and $8,7249 million.In 2020, the Māori rate for intelligent system operations was 8.4 per cent. In health services, digital hospitals and mobile health will have a stronger advantage in 2018, 2019 and 2020, and will cover the first time ever to be rated as an “enhanced” investment in Kyoto East.
Macroeconomic risk: The global economy is currently on a downward trend, with domestic economic growth slowing down compared to previous years. If the macroeconomic situation is changing more rapidly, the overall performance of the sector is a national policy risk: the panel sector is a key industry for the country, which in recent years has been supported by increased financial support and active financing of multi-level capital markets.
Risks of technological innovation: As technology innovates, new products that are low-cost, high-performance and new products that replace existing ones are emerging. Risks of competition in the industry: In recent years, as our investment in the panel industry has increased, the panels may be exposed to overcapacity risks as production lines are released. Financial risk: companies have high debt service pressures as a result of higher asset-debt ratios.
In 2007, he joined the Sinda Portfolio for computer research. Chai Jin, the Beijing National Development Research Institute, was once a powerful 500-year-old American company in Nokia, Finland, for cellular research and development and laboratory management.
Yuan Haiwoo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics and Master of Condensed Physics. Joined Sunda Securities in 2016 for research in the computer industry. Wang Jooyu, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.