1. The company intends to co-finance with Changchun One Fuyu Group Ltd. to set up the “Mouse Unit in Fushan Mountain”
Technical Co. Ltd.”; 2. Company subsidiary pt. bintanalumininindonesia Replenishment Expansion of Light Power Limited in Shandong 2nd Phase Aluminium Oxide Project. 3. Company and subsidiary shipping materials, Nansan Institute, Wei
The agreement between Al Qaeda, Innovative Metals, which will co-finance the establishment of “Santung's aluminum high-performance alloys,” is expected to benefit in the future from the growth in the demand for new energy vehicles: light quantification of cars has become a global trend in the area of automobiles due to energy efficiency and environmental requirements, and the trend is evident in aluminium-laden steel.
In recent times, overseas automobile companies have accelerated the domestic layout of electric cars, and demand for new energy vehicles has increased or decreased in the future. In the area of new high-performance alloys and in the area of aluminium alloys, companies have pre-arranged their cars.
The performance of the 300-indicators relative to the depth of the shares will provide a good basis for companies to better adapt to the development needs of the automobile sector. With the implementation of new projects in the future, corporate revenue is expected to grow further.
Netized shares, undervalued or undervalued by the market, take a look at the market: the company's latest net market rate was 0.73 and the stock price fell below the firm's net value, with lower valuations. As a leading industry business in the aluminium industry from mines to aluminium processing, H3 had a very high operating profit of $1.653 billion in 19 years.
High-value-added products are transformed, capital structures are robust, solvency is strong and Māori is at a higher level of activity, and we believe that the company has the potential to be underestimated by the market, to capture the long-term expansion of overseas affiliates, and the full-chain advantage is more pronounced: companies are holding shares abroad.
Its subsidiary, Bai, invested in the construction of the “Aluminium Oxide 1 million in Bintanan Mountain Industrial Park in Indonesia” project, which is now steadily advancing. With China's bauxite resources understocking and increasing external dependence, the transfer of Chinese aluminium oxide production to the coast or abroad has become a trend, and the project is being launched in Indonesia.
In keeping with industry trends and taking full advantage of Indonesia’s resource advantages, the competitiveness of the corporate sector is expected to increase further in the future, and the market position continues to improve.
Risk factors: new energy cars are not growing as expected, new projects are not building as expected, the country is doing well.