The product focus strategy is clear, and profitability continues to improve.
642 million yuan, an increase of 25.49 per cent in the same year; the net return to mothers of 1,967 million yuan, a steady increase in sales earnings in the first two quarters of 2018; the increase in rational consumption; changes in product attributes, quality, and innovation demands.
The rising income levels of the rural population and the growing rationality of consumption have led to an accelerated upgrading of the consumption structure. First is the change in product attributes, with consumers looking more at the cultural, brand, historical aspects of the product: second is the change in product quality claims, the change in quality.
The company expects that China’s concentration of white wine is expected to increase significantly. It has developed from the international alcohol industry.
In general, the combined market share of the world ' s top five firms is over 60 per cent, however, China currently has less than 20 per cent of the top 10 firms in white wine, and the concentration of white wine in China is expected to increase significantly in the next five years.
According to industry data published by the National Bureau of Statistics, in the first half of 2018, the country-wide and above-sized white wine companies completed the production of alcohol production at a total cost of RMB 100 million, an increase of 15.82%, and accumulated profits of RMB 63.17 billion, an increase of RMB 60,117 million.
37.11% long; Sichuan Province, with a total production of 188.26 million litres of wine finished, falling by the same year, showed a higher net profit growth again in the second quarter, although it was a low-season sales season. 218q1 and o2 companies, respectively, completed operating revenues of 33.70 billion yuan and 3.05 billion yuan, respectively, at the same rate of increase.
26.20, 24.73%. The company’s products are seasonal in nature, and sales in the first and fourth quarters of recent years have become more visible owing to springtime consumption. o1, o2 companies have completed their parent return net profits of $10.59 million, 908 million, an increase of 32.74, 35.67%, and complete non-motherhood net.
(ii) The strategy for the five major monolithics is clear and the tower structure is structured in an orderly manner The corporate master plan for the period of the “13th Five” is “one, two, three, four, five” strategy.
A clear “first three A” goal for the white and wine industry in China: To adhere to the two principles of “doing what is best” and “symbiosis in harmony”: To further implement the “three enhancements” to enhance sales, strengthen management and strengthen the talent base;
(b) Achieving corporate leadership, corporate governance, brand culture, quality skills and human resources in the white and wine industry in China.
The year 2018 is a crucial period for companies to launch a full-time hit on the strategic objectives of the 13th Five-Year Plan. In brand strategy, companies are determined to:
The company's strategy of focusing on the top five monoliths is clear and has formed a ladder of low-end, low-end products. The company's three-line, five-largest product is "three-line."
Super Monument's strategy has been very effective: the state cellar 1573, succulent wine and Xuzhou cellars (special, head and duo) form three sets of items, with the Chinese cellar 1573 as high-end brands, the succulent wine, specials as middle-end brands for business and feasts, and the head and second as popular consumer brands. By streamlining product structures and clarifying price systems, the company's high-end brands state cellar 1573 is ranked first.
Step-by-step consolidation, maintaining a positive upward trend; popular brand headlines and binoculars are restored to win by volume; scribbles and scribbles, mainly “Commercial excellence, English first use”, are used as middle-end brands to fill the vacuum between the top and the lower end and expand branding: company product maps
In the first half of 2018, under the strategy of maintaining five monolithics, the company took over the 1573 series of products and recreated the image of the company and brand; gave full play to the old adage, the 6080 specials, and the wines of the silos to support their waists; and took advantage of the competitive opportunities of the public products and sought to achieve the first two-track mass market coverage.
First, to strengthen the role of the Taki. In the first half of 2018, alcohol accounted for 98.54 per cent of the company ' s operating income; among them, high-end sales were arranged in 2018 with a focus on three main areas: first, to expand the market size.
The second is to increase the size of the sales. The cellar is in its 1573th place, with its brand rejuvenation, its headlines, and its two-track market roots: the nationalization of alcohol and its professionalization: the continuous strengthening of product research and development in innovative alcohol products.
The third is to increase the scale of consumption. A wide range of awareness-raising, experience, and opinion campaigns are being carried out, drawing on consumer advice and the social elite. Figure 2: Income from business by product category (millions of yuan)
Figure 3: Share of operating income by product category (%) Non-traditionally strong regions are active. Although the company’s semi-annual report did not disclose the country’s sub-regional income for the first half of 2018, in 2017 we can see that the company’s income in the south-west region has not changed much, mainly in China’s central and northern regions.
Traditional and powerful areas were active, with South-West, China and North China earning 38.18, 26.88, and 19.31 per cent of the year 2017, respectively, with a small increase in the cost of 2018h1 and a sustained increase in profitability 1.75 pct over the same period, with administrative costs of 5.53 per cent, or 0.16 pct over the same period last year.
The cost of the field expansion was $892 million, an increase of $295 million, or 49.55 per cent, over the same period last year. Thus, the increase in sales costs is mainly due to the increase in advertising fees.
There has been a marked increase in profitability in 2018h1 and a more significant increase in the Maori rate in the second quarter. In terms of profitability indicators, figure 7 for 2018: Māori rates and changes in net interest rates of companies in the single quarter of 2017 to date; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials; increased competition in the industry; risks to food security; and macroeconomic and policy risks.
Figure 8: Indicators of growth capacity, profitability and ability to operate (biannual) Figure 9: Indicators of growth capacity, profitability and ability to operate (annual) Table 5: Breakdown of the top 10 mobile shareholders of the company (reported in 2018)