On a new journey, industry, company, product landscape - new management (000568), overall organizational structure, product, marketing changes
The new chairman and general manager are the company’s multi-year front-line market and management staff, the new management has undertaken a comprehensive reform of the company’s organizational structure, products and marketing, and the benefits of the company’s operations are beginning to bear fruit in the wake of industrial recovery and corporate reform.
The brand-based model is more conducive to corporate large monolithic strategies and deep marketing1 and to the effective functioning of sub-branding channels;2 and the reduction of distribution levels and enhanced end-control.
The product structure is governed by a large monolithic strategy 1, driven by industry, companies, and continued high growth by country guests of 1573: 2, Focusing on wines and specials, sub-higher power;
Auyang-woo Sword 3, Low-end Wine Head Orthopaedics have begun to recover.
The company has continued to build on weak markets, and as the company’s channels have sunk and expanded, it will be extended to the whole country through a marketing network of more than 8,000 salesmen to cover branded subsidiaries throughout the country.
For the first time, coverage was given to the Qingzhou cellars for "an increase in investment ratings based on the introduction of a new management structure, product and marketing overhaul: 2 branding models that are more conducive to corporate monolithic strategies and deeper marketing " ;
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, a large monolithic strategy is being implemented for combing the product structure at 28 West Side Street.
4 - Deepening the existing market, and continuing to work hard. 1000 Hwang-hung-hwan on the Luk family's mouth, and Fukuda Fukuwa's 6th tax-free trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The new management has been actively reforming and overhauling brand re-branding, which was formerly an old wine factory in Chenzhou, listed in 1994 as the first white wine company in Kawachi, one of China's four most famous wines.
The company is a representative of China ' s strong fragrance of white wine and owns 1,619 old cellar pools, four of which became the first national focal cultural heritage protection unit in the industry in 1996 and were selected in 2006 for the first national list of intangible cultural heritage, a legacy of 23 generations of traditional brewing techniques.
The new management came into office with a comprehensive reform of the organizational structure, products and marketing, which began in 2012 with a deep adjustment in the white wine industry and a rapid contraction in the demand for government, while the high-end white wine price was positioned far beyond the capacity of the general public to consume, demand was significantly reduced, and the poo and five grain fluids began to take over by lowering prices.
The market, and the Cemetery, which is not well assessed for the severity of the adjustment of the industry, has failed in some of the responses, and the regulatory system lags behind the development of the company, failing to adapt to the requirements of the new situation when firms are required to respond quickly and rationally to changes in the market and the environment, which has led the country ' s customers to start in 2012
The new chairman and general manager are the company ' s front-line employees of the market and management. After taking office, the new management undertook a comprehensive reform of the company ' s organizational structure, products and marketing, and the benefits of the company ' s operations in the context of industrial recovery and corporate reform.
As the management reform of the new management moves forward, the “Four-Four-Four-Call” system in the corporate structure is completed, marketing decisions, command, supervision, coordination are highly uniform, and marketing model innovations are evident. By accelerating the move of the marketing organization system from a “vertical” to a “bite flattening” orientation.
The company's strategy is to focus on the products of the five main monoliths, with a focus on 1573 state cellars, wines of the age, specials, headlines, and a second tune of five superbills.
With the implementation of the big one-size strategy, the company has rebranded the brand of the product, and now has a clear structure of the old cellar product, with a price of more than $700 at the end of the cellar, positioning the upper end; the wines and specials of the back, positioning the lower end and the middle end, respectively; the head and the double are at $15-110, positioning the lower end.
Through this set of restructuring measures, the company’s product structure is clear, the price system is smooth, branding influence is important, and the company’s marketing model evolves into a brand-only model. By 2015, the company will be marketed on a regional basis, with the company, the area’s core sales team co-financed with the distributors.
The company is responsible for all medium- and high-end sales in the regions, except Bo, and the sales company supplies the company at a lower price. The main investment costs are borne by each company, which allows the company to expand rapidly during a period of rapid industrial growth.
Zhang, with a corresponding lack of control over channels and brands. In 2013, management started to create a “brand monopoly” in place of the “Founding Springs model,” a company founded in 2013, 2015 and 2016, a company that specializes in specials, state cellars, and scavengers, and the Grand Duke Bo.
The division is in charge of low-end liquor sales. Each exclusive company is made up of a group of top dealers in the Quan model, which specializes in branding and fine-tuning management, while the three major brand companies, the cellars, specials, and wines, operate separately, each with dozens of subsidiaries to manage sales in different regions.
At the same time, the marketing level has been streamlined, with only one distributor, group buyer, or terminal.
The branding model will be more conducive to a big one-way strategy for dry companies, mainly because: 1) sub-brands run an effective system of channels for collating. Under the Quantico model, all brands operate in a uniform market, under the responsibility of Quantuan Corporation, but there are many differences in brand operations across price bands, which also lead to dealers.
Cross-regional arbitrage, a chaotic product-price system, and a focus on promoting high-yielding brands, while ignoring other brands, can help companies to control their own marketing and channel systems.
At the same time, the company has built more than 20 branded regional exclusive subsidiaries throughout the country, while at the same time it has increased its sales effort, increasing the number of company front-line sales teams to more than 7,000 in 2016, compared to the same year in 2014.
By 2015, the company's product lines were messy, the marketing system was complicated, there were a lot of brands, and the core products were not enough. In July 2015, the company moved from its previous strategy of diversified brands to one of large ones, with a strong emphasis on one-size-fits-all strategy.
The top five product lines of high school are now well structured and well priced. Industry, companies, driven by both, the country’s customers continue to grow at a high rate of 1573.
The state cellar, 1573, highlights the value of high-quality liquor, which is currently around $1,700 for a basket and is very heavy; the price of the five grain fluids is now stable at $820-840 after it has been raised to $739; the state cellars.
The last round of White Cows began in 2009 with the start-up of a white-collar brand, a white-collar pedal, a five-food fluid, and an old silt rate, leading to a gradual recovery of the white plate. At the same time, benefiting from a white-colour price increase, raising the price belt, allowing the middle-price belt to begin to benefit from the white-line wine, which represented the river, and the wine, which began to benefit in 2010.
A smaller three-line white wine represents a fast upturn in the second half of 2011, but the fast-growing white wine market, which began to contract in 2015 as a result of policy influences, was already relatively high, and the location largely failed to take into account the affordability of public consumption, leading to the overall rise in prices.
The demand for white wine is made up of three components: government, business, and individuals. According to the sugar and wine flash data, the share of work, government, business and business is over 60% by 2012 and up to 2012
We can better understand this round of the White House1 and the alcohol industry’s proactive management, taking into account the state of management of the upstream liquor industry and the stock of downstream channels. For example, with the guidance of the CDRC, Mao Tai has severely beaten the channels, the prices are not good.
High, all distributors are required to put their stock in the market, with no less than 90% of recent imports, and sales companies are required to guarantee supplies of more than 7,000 tons by spring. The advance collection has begun to be counter-linked to wholesale prices since 2017, i.e., down payment, but
Wholesale prices go up. The silver-based group is the conduit for the distribution of a variety of famous wines, and by comparing the stock of silver-based and high-end white wine, it is clear that the reverse relationship between pre-collections by manufacturers and the stock of channels prior to 2017 has become a positive relationship since 2017.
Since 2017, the prices of the Mautai and the Five Grain Liquid Terminals have risen3 and public demand has risen. In 2017, the per capita income of our urban residents was $36.4 million, and in the last five years, the rate of compound growth has been 8.18 per cent, the overall income has grown faster than inflation, and the real purchasing power of the population is still rising.
Medium. According to Boston advisory data, the rich and upper middle classes of China will gradually become the major consumers of high-end, sub-high-end white wine, with the need to absorb the current trend in alcohol consumption.
The cellar 1573 will benefit from: (a) the continuing increase in the consumption of white wine as a result of trends in the public consumption sector; (b) the continued increase in the price of high-end white wine, which is highlighted by the price of the country ' s customers 1573; and (c) the strong strategic performance of the company as a whole.
The company’s five core singles clearly identify its waist products as cellar age and wine speciality. The company has implemented several stoppages, price controls, etc., to streamline the price system, secure a firm increase in market prices, and ensure that the profits of the channel address the chronic lack of clarity and overlap in prices. The company’s specials and wines have been adjusted.
Bits, growth is beginning to pick up, and growth is expected to continue in 2018, with sub-high-end markets expanding and the national wine industry moving on to the next high-end white wine, with more room for higher-end brands and second-line taps to raise prices.
And it is expected that the price gap between the high-end white wine and the sub-high-end white wine has now resulted in an extremely high-priced sub-high-end white wine, and that the high-price advantage for public consumption and the consumer-price advantage will continue to magnify the sub-high-end market. In 2015, the Chinese white wine market was 55,586 million won in size, with the sub-high-end white wine market holding about about 10%.
3.13 per cent, with a sub-high end market of approximately $17.4 billion in 2015, the sub-high end is expected to return the value of high-end white wine each year and increase domestic personal wealth, consumption, and the sub-high-end alcohol of high value value is increasingly favoured by consumers, and led by “upgrade consumption”, the sub-high-end wine has a second-high-end wine.
The sub-high-end white market is fragmented, and companies will move to the national liquor industry with the full distribution of their channels and brands. Sub-high-end liquor companies are expected to use the channel advantage to quickly release the product.
At the moment, almost all of the country's channels have been set up with Ken Nam Chun, gin and gin, and their share is small, so there is much room for growth in the future. High-end liquor markets are more reliant on brand-driven brands, and consumers are more confident in brands. Sub-high-end wines are less valuable than high-end wines, and brands are right.
Consumers are relatively less attractive, but if there is a strong channel layout that drives marketing, it will be beneficial for companies to develop. The most typical example is Ocean River shares, which, with their powerful channel capacity, generated nearly half of the revenue from off-provincial markets in the first half of 2017.
Sub-high-end liquor companies are expected to score a larger share of cake in the sub-high-end market. Sub-high-end and high-end white wine are expected to continue to grow in the next few years.
In recent years, there has been a rapid recovery in the sale of alcohol in the middle of the company. With the establishment of the “big monolith” strategy, the company’s waist brands have been concentrated on the size of the cellar and on the specials.
The low-end wine head and the second are beginning to recover, and before 2012, the bar-code fee for the old cellar company in Chenzhou ranged from millions to tens of millions, in the industry in 2013.
During the period of deep adjustment, companies want to expand their market share by reducing bar code fees to $300,000 a year, which makes a large number of low-end brands available in the market, diluting the overall brand power of the old cellars in Xiangzhou. In 2015, companies streamlined their product lines, established two monolithics of low-end positioning, two monoliths, and, on the one hand, cleaned up low profitability.
To date, the number of company bar codes has gradually fallen from more than 8,700 in 2015 to more than 400 at present. Given the company’s low-end alcohol performance, the company is still in a state of adjustment in 2016, with a year-round revenue from low-end liquor.
The company’s sales costs and the combined sales of the top five clients have increased significantly, from 40.7% in 2014 to 2017.
64.2% better reflects the concentration of high-quality resources by branding companies, the advantages of deep-farming channels, and the effects. As companies directly manage distributors, and in order to reduce the financial drain on their distributors, corporate demand for money from distributors is suitably relaxed, and business advances are reduced, leading to higher turnover rates.
The company continues to expand its weak markets, with the south-west now accounting for only 40 per cent of the revenue, well below that of similar companies, representing a relatively high degree of nationalization of the company.
The marketing network of Chang, more than 8,000 salesmen and brand-only subsidiaries covering the entire country will allow the canals to reach the country.
As channels sunk and the company ' s core products continued to be priced and released, the Māori rate was fast-tracked, and for the first time, the investment rating given to old Xiangzhou clients was “upscaled”, based on the assumption of office by the new management, and a comprehensive reform of the organizational structure, products and marketing was introduced.
The brand-based model is more conducive to corporate monolithic strategies and in-depth marketing, the introduction of large monolithic strategies to streamline product structures, and the deep-deeping of existing markets.
(b) Methods, using legally compliant information, and producing this report independently and objectively.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. Readers who do not have business relations with the company are not its customers, and the company does not have proper responsibilities.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.