Performance is over-expected, storage is the second growing pole, sunlight power (300274.sz) and wind-voltage heights drive higher corporate revenues. According to the Bureau of Energy, January-July 2023.
Intralight volts add a capacity of 97.2gw, compared with 158%, and have exceeded the total number of new installed aircraft for the entire year 2022. Of this, 18.7gw, compared with 174%, was installed in July, and demand growth was higher than expected.
Significant increase in all receipts: power conversion equipment/storage systems/new energy, such as photovoltaic reverse transformers 11,625 million yuan/85.23 billion yuan/7.56 billion yuan, respectively, for investment development, with a significant increase in the Māori rate of the same variable business; storage energy business for the company as a whole (23h1)
In addition, the cash flow of the company improved significantly, with net cash flows of $4.77 billion at the end of the reporting period, an increase of 478.81 per cent.
Technology leads, new products. 1) During the reporting period, the company published a White Paper on Sunshine Power Sources, Power Network Technologies, which innovatively introduced stem cell grid technology, stemcelltech, which should be used for energy bases, flexible transmissions, island power, end-use energy, etc.
To support the inertia, increase the strength of the system, and increase the benefit of the aid. 2) The company will introduce the Poweritan 2.0 full liquid energy storage system for "3-power integration" for large-scale terrestrial applications overseas, employing 314ah large-capacity cores, configured with embedded pcs, to achieve a one-way stream.
Physicalization, with a standard 20-foot container capacity of 2.5mw/5mwh). 3) The company's latest research on the direct flow 2000v high-pressure reversors has been successful in grid-connected electricity generation in the Mondo Bay Photovoltaic Project.
New energy vehicle-driven systems, new energy smart carriers, and hydrogen energy. Corporate branding has a clear edge, research and development innovations, a comprehensive globalization strategy, and digital operations, and corporate global marketing, channels, and service network layouts have taken the lead and developed.
The company should rate the solar power 19.8 to 15 times. _ Global Reversers have a strong edge, and light storage operations are strong.
Risks; risks of friction in international trade; risks of exchange rate fluctuations; profits from increased competition in the industry I undertake to present this report independently and objectively and with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
(Christensen) The Arizona state headquarters and Beijing branch work as customer directors for financial counselling (ir) and marketing.