There has been a significant increase in profitability, with wind and storage operations leading up to 2,823 million yuan, +565%, ring +93%.
Business break-ups: Power conversion equipment, such as photovoltaic transformers, from 23h1 companies, generated $11,625 billion in revenues, with a global reach and a strong product. Companies adhere to a global branding strategy, with a deep focus on market segmentation.
\triangleright Dun Yongkang added 65gw to the month. On the channel, the company has access to major markets such as Europe, America, China, and Australia, and is owned globally.
In addition, the company set up a global marketing centre in Shanghai in the first half of the year, which is expected to improve its client response in a more timely and improved manner by bringing Kwok Yingzheng closer to his client.
S01052207002 Serial inverters sg320hx, 1+x modular inverters have been widely used in a wide range of global contexts, with 1+x modular inverters cumulatively exceeding 16gw worldwide; the company's most recent direct research and development
The 2,000v high-pressure inverter was successfully connected to the Monjo Bay Photovoltaic Project in the Marlin, and further boosted the Jubaino storage capacity to operate with more flowers and good orders. In large storage, the company launched the Three Power Integration project.
\triangleright powerertitan 2.0 full liquid energy storage system with 314ah large-capacity cores, configured with embedded pcs, research assistant Lin Fukuyan
In the first half of the year, the company signed an order of 138mw/330mw for the largest independent storage capacity in South Australia, and 825mwhh in the United Kingdom.
On the other hand, the company has introduced the “1+-all-house green power solution” to meet the larger load needs of families and achieve a full-house green power, with distribution agreements concluded in the first half of the year with various distribution channels such as Australia, Europe and the Americas.
Highlighting the vanguard position - 2023/04/25: Performance over-expected, two-wheel drive of light storage operations over the two main high-stakes track, expected to continue to improve, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
-2022/10/27 Review: Reverse transformer taps are steadily developing and storage operations are expected to grow rapidly 2022/08/28
4. Sunshine Power (300274): Reverse transformer taps are strong, storage can grow bright eyes 2021/08/30 Research conclusions are drawn from methodological and analytical logic, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.