With the high performance of the photolithics, the profitability has improved considerably, the high profile of the photovoltaic industry has continued, and the company's performance has grown significantly.
148gw, an increase of 61% in the same year, and 78gw, an increase of 154% in the first half of the year, with a continuation of the landscape. In high industry conditions, the company benefits from the depth of its performance.
RMB, 110.90% more than the same year. The company’s photovoltaic reverse transformer is out of the world’s 150 countries and regions, generating $11,625 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 83.54% in the same year, a Māori rate of 39.50%, and an over 405gw machine. Of this, the company’s H1 delivery in 2023 was about 50gw, a comparison.
The storage energy business is growing rapidly and the profitability is growing significantly. According to the National Energy Agency, the new storage capacity in the country was increased by 17.72gwh in the first half of 2023, more than in the entire year of 2022.
In the first half of the year, the company was able to deliver about 5 gwh, a year-on-year increase of $/wh. The company’s storage system is now widely used in mature electricity markets such as the US, the UK, and Germany, as well as expanding new markets.
Stock order 138mw/330mwh; signing of UK 825mwh storage list; aiding China, the largest energy storage station in the South Net, the 200mw/400mwh Repository Project in Guangxi City, was successfully launched online. The company focused on product quality, as of the first half of 2023.
No safety incidents occurred in all participating storage projects, and extensive application experience has been gained in the areas of FM peaks, secondary renewable energy sources, grid access, microgrids, business, and household storage. New energy development has increased and overseas markets have broken down.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd., new energy operations cover the country's 30 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government.
Over 35 million kilowatts of photovoltaic/wind power stations have been developed and built globally. The company is fully connected to the country's large wind-voltage base, the county-wide promotion of photovoltaic/wind power development, etc.
National major energy strategy, continuous enhancement of project reserves and resource conversion, construction of an Emblem in the domestic market, implementation of representative projects such as the largest power grid side storage application project, addition of ground projects such as the project to acquire a distance of 145 mw wind power project in Xiangzhou, the 200 mw fishing light supplementation of photovoltaic power project in Xiangzhou; overseas industry
To speed up market expansion and access the Spanish coria 135mwac photovolt + storage energy project, a milestone breakthrough in power station development operations in Europe was achieved. \triangleright
Risk factors: Risks of policy volatility, risk of deteriorating competition patterns, and slower-than-expected expansion of production capacity. \triangleright, three years of industry research experience, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in electrical equipment and storage, Chen Jie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for lithium.
Sun-Sun, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the new energy vehicle industry. Lee Woo-min, team member, Master of Economics, National University of Australia, Bachelor of Arts, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, 2023
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.