The light storage business has continued to grow, and there has been a significant increase in profitability in the second quarter.
Lee Heung-seon 1) has benefited from high global demand growth and performance in the photovoltaic sector. On the domestic market, there were 78.42gw additional photovoltaics in the country in the first half of 2023, an increase of 154% compared to the previous year. According to the International Energy Network, in the first half of 2023, the solar power photovoltaic transformer was publicly awarded a bid.
The number of projects was 55, with a combined winning capacity of 12.37gw, ranking first in the industry, and in the overseas market, the cumulative export value of our photovoltaic converters in the first half of 2023 was 42.365 billion yuan, representing an increase of 109 per cent in the same year. The cumulative export value of Anhui Province was 7,084 million yuan, representing an increase of 234 per cent in the same year, representing 16.7 per cent of the country ' s exports.
In addition to China, the Public Reserve currently operates in a number of overseas countries and territories, including the United States, Europe, Japan, and Australia, with a fall in lithium carbonate prices and terminals.
With an improved rate of return, global demand for storage capacity markets is expected to remain strong, and companies will benefit fully from high growth in the industry as the largest supplier of the storage system for seven years in a row. (Medium) is an increase of 11.5 pc over the same year, an increase of 5.8 pc over the same period, and profitability has increased significantly, largely as a result of the company’s profitability.
Companies have continued to open overseas markets. Recently, companies have signed 330 mwh energy supply orders with Australian clients, entered into a partnership with epc larsen& toubro to provide 2.2gw light converter solutions to Saudineom’s new city, and companies have continued to expand overseas markets for their performance.
In the case of PV, we estimate the company’s output in the first half of the year, which corresponds to about 28-30gw; in the case of storage systems, we estimate the company’s output in the first half of the year, which corresponds to about 5gwh, of which q2 corresponds to about 3.5gwh. There has been a significant increase, mainly as a result of the company’s improved profitability, lower shipping costs, and higher exchange rate earnings.
Figure 5: Māori rates and net interest rates for companies by year (in %) Figure 6: Māori rates and net interest rates for companies in single quarter (in %) Figure 8: Cost rates for companies in single quarter (in %)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject