Awhollyowned subsidiaryofinamerchantsbank shengyitechnoroy (600183ch) hold(down)
Weaker4q21withmittedpricingupsidein targetprice 2022;d/gtohold
(previoustp rmb30.50) up/downside
I don't know, shengyitechannouncedfy21preliminaryresources, expecatingfy21netprofitto crrentprice chinatechnologysector
Pointoffy21resources ~6%/-9% belowconsensus/ourforecasts.welowered fy21-22eepsby 9% adadjustedtptorm23.50basedon19xfy22ep/e lilyyang, ph.d.
(vs.previous22.5xfy22ep/e) .downgradeohold.robustty21resourcesbutweaker4qnetpropit.the companydivered robust9m21rowthof44%oy, Butt4q21earningsdeclined 55% qoq,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I've got a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money.
I'd like to thank you for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (OHCHR) and for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (OHCHR).
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
Avg.3mthst/o (rmmmn) coststodownstreamcents. 52whigh/low (rmb)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
~25% oftotalrevenue.itsclientsincludetradionalandevautocompanies. in 2021, autosaleshad the highestorvisibilityandherpriceupside. shareholdingstructure
We're going to have to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to have to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to have to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to have to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do something about it, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do this, and we're going to do something.
Weihuaeclectronics source: bloomberg
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
solid3q21;costpressureahead - 28oct2021(link) 4q21resourcesreview
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm not sure that's what you're talking about.
Well, therearchanalynchorisprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanalystcoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressedaccuratelyreflefectorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectsecurities orissuesueswas,is,orwillbe,directlydirected
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Outperform mark-perform underperform
I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America, and I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America.
Importantdiscussions doesnotprovidindividuallytailoredvesmentadvice.thisreporthasbeenpreparedwithoutregardtotheindividualinvestives, financial position orspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindicationoffutureperformance, dactuatedventsmayifferrealfrommet wichiscontainedin
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedbythecmbis, solelyforpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsof and bisor itssaffiliate(s)tohomitististbated.thisreportisnototandsoouldnotbestruedasanofforservicetobuyorsellanycycurityoronyinterestin securitiesorientententientintoanytransaction.neith and bisnoranyofitsaffilletates, shareholders, agents, consults, directors
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, methodswhencompiling.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) arepersonsfallingwithinarticalle49(2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporated effects, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotberovidtoanotherperson wofoutthepriorwrittenconsentof bis. forcipientsofsixthdocumentedstates.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
rulesintendtedtoensuretheanalysisnotaffective 15a-6undertheus, securitiesexchangeactof 1934, asamended, andmaynotfurnishedtoanyotherpersons.eachmajustitutionalinvestors
I don't know, by sacceptanceherofrepresentsandandagreesthatshathaltshaltshattyorprovidethisiporttoantherson.anyu.s.recipientofthisportwishing tofectanytransactiontobuyorselsecuritiesbasedontheforformation provividedthisitreportdosoldsolythroughau.s.-registeredbroker-dealer.forcientsofthisdouridinsingporeinsingaporeins.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.