The launch of a new era of material-based products is expected to highlight business resilience.
• The pioneers led the industry by opening a new era of “material decision-making” and maintaining the “buy-in” rating. The company issued its annual 2021 report, which achieved a gross operating income of $20.270 billion, yoy+38.0 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $2.83 billion and yoy+68.4 per cent for the mother, and successfully transferred the cost of upstream raw materials throughout the year.
To achieve a single-copper market increase of 33.8% and an increase of 69.4% in unit prices, taking into account the fact that product release leads companies to move away from traditional product cyclical disturbances and maintain a “buy-in” rating. • The company’s new five-year plan, which is steadily advancing, is expected to demonstrate business resilience
The company’s real capacity expansion may exceed the preservation guidelines of the new five-year plan, and after the completion of all phase two projects in the Greater Bay region, the Greater Bay region’s second manufacturing base has been planned for a total of 39.7 million flat/year increase from 2021.
The company’s budget for 2022, operating the hard-line copper plate for the calendar years 10981, 2022-03, has resulted in overachievement of the operating budget, with the exception of 2015, with a sharp industrial judgement and solid plan implementation, and we believe that companies are expected to demonstrate business resilience during the fall in prices of traditional products.
• A new era of “materials for products” opened with high-end materials approaching a national production replacement window The company's ongoing research and development input, the complete layout of copper sheet materials, reached 960 million yuan in 2021, yoy + 35.6 per cent, representing 4.8 per cent of operating income, and research and development inputs included motor-mm wave radar, 112gbps
Corporate Information Update Report 2021q4 Bronze Board Associated high-speed material, wrapping base sheet material multi-product layout, expected to lead to a good replacement window period for national production. Price decline, no change to medium- and long-term structural upgrading trends
The continuous rise in the structure of high-end products will smooth the fluctuations in performance and provide a buffer against the erosion of the profitability of traditional products. Companies shift from the role of industry catchers to that of industry leaders, opening a new era of “material decisions on products”.
The company assumes the role of “whistler” during the course of the industry, operating income and net return profits.
High growth. In 2021, the company achieved a gross operating income of $20.270 billion, yoy+38.0 per cent and a net profit of $2.83 billion to the mother, 1.9 per cent. In the early stages of rising upstream copper, fibre and resin prices, the company, combined with a prognosis of the continuing downstream demand landscape, adjusted in a timely manner the prices of the fr-4-dominated traditional coatings, effectively transmitted raw material cost pressures and realized revenue.
High growth in earnings and profits. Of this amount, business earnings of $4.90 billion were realized in the first quarter of 2021q4, yoy + 22.5 per cent, resulting in net profits of $490 million for the mother, yoy + 29.8 per cent, with a weakening of the link between offshore orders for the 2021h2 overcoalt business as a result of stock pressure in the port, and the fall in the second quarter of 2021q4, with the company acting as a supplier of upstream raw materials.
Working to respond to changes in demand for downstream diversity, adjusting product combinations to demand for orders for automobiles and server applications. Corporate profitability reached a record high in 2021 for traditional products from the copperboard business, which reached 82% in 2021, a record high since 2017.
In the case of the shock net interest rate and roe, the company ' s 2021 traditional fr-4 product was further ahead of prices, with declining downstream demand and falling raw material costs, a downward revision in the prices of traditional fr-4 products, and an expected rise in the share of high-end copper-plate production would be a decline in the profitability of the traditional business.
In 2021, the company recovered $16.99 billion in business revenues, sales of $11.437 million, and the company succeeded in shifting the cost of upstream raw materials to achieve single coverage The copper market increased by 33.8 per cent, the single price of sales increased by 69.4 per cent and the company increased by 69.4 per cent throughout the year.
Some results have been achieved. The total cost per square metre of labour on the coating board + the cost of manufacturing has decreased by 0.4 yuan (not taking into account the sale of stickers), and the increase in the amount of Maori is largely due to firm bargaining power.2 The firm ' s new five-year plan is steadily moving forward and is expected to demonstrate business resilience.
The real expansion of the company’s productive capacity will be a top-heavy guide to the new five-year plan, with product structure dominated by high-end markets. With capacity of 137 million square metres, actually delivered according to the plant areas, and with the full release of the existing three-phase, eight-phase, two-phase, and two-phase projects in Jiangxi, we measure the cumulative expansion of production on the basis of 2021.
An increase of 39.7 million square metres/year (based on 1.1 square metres per plate) is higher than the previous guidelines for the growth of production capacity at the base. At the same time, taking into account the need to expand production capacity at the Guangdong base after Jiangxi, Shaanxi plants have landed, the company further proposed a layout for the second manufacturing base in the Great Bay region to lay the groundwork for a pcb manufacturer to serve the downstream bead triangle in the short term.
In terms of market entry into the production-energy digestion period, it is expected that the traditional forms of competition for copper-plating products will be intense in 2022, with companies investing in advanced production capabilities that are expected to drive down costs by using efficiency advantages to guide the flow of orders to cost-effective areas in the context of the company’s “groupization” strategy, with competitive costs expected to maintain good profits in the medium to long term.
It appears that the company's business strategy has moved from being “big” to being “big” and that the expansion is mainly directed towards high-performance products such as envelope boards, which are advanced in the country and will enjoy a higher premium at the beginning of the product's release, thus driving the company's Māori rate steadily upwards.
The company is qualitatively strong, and is expected to demonstrate business resilience during the fall in prices of traditional products. From a review of the company’s production and sales over the years, the SMEs’ closing down has been slow, with completion rates exceeding 100% for the rest of the year, reflecting the firm’s keen judgement and solid planning capacity. In this context, the Group’s budget for 2022 runs a rigid steel plate of 10.981 million squares.
Me, 14.42 million square metres of scratch plates, 171.68 million metres of stickers, 1.75 million square metres of circuit boards, we believe that companies have fully taken into account the risks of changes in the structure of downstream applications in industry and increased competition in industry, adapting their business strategies in a timely manner, and that material determines the start of a new era of products, and high-end materials come to the national production replacement window.
Corporate R & D inputs continue to be made, covering the entire package of copper materials. In 2021, the company ' s R & D costs amounted to 960 million yuan, yoy + 35.6 per cent, and R & D costs as a share of operating income amounted to 4.8 per cent.
Research on technology, and research on coating sheeting techniques developed with ultra-bulk membrane products, suitable for aip applications, to form a multi-product application layout. The company’s continued upgrading of high-end product structures will smooth its performance fluctuations and make a profit for the company’s traditional products.
Good buffers. New products are expected to arrive at a good national alternative window, and the industry's role is changing, and it used to be the industry's alternative, for example, catching up with Japan in the high-frequency high-speed segment, catching up with Japan's Mitsubishi, Japan in the loading board, and now entering the research and development lead phase with overseas manufacturers.
Together, we have developed high-end materials to usher in a new era of “material decision-making”.4 Profit forecasting and investment advice have led companies to move away from traditional product cycle disturbances and maintain “buy-in” ratings.