Performance phase pressure, differential competition to consolidate long-term leadership, robust growth, and net profit phase pressure. In the first three quarters of 2023, firm growth in corporate output led to the sale of 37.45gw silicon tablets; 4.71gw battery sales; and 43.53gw components.
The main reasons for the net profit burden of 23q3 include increased costs, impairment of assets and a decline in investment returns, which is 23q3 dungkang.
Division sales/management costs/research and development costs/financial costs increase by RMB 9.4/3.6.1.1/1.21 billion respectively; Loss of impairment of assets by RMB 1.1 billion, mainly due to the rapid fall in the price of the q3 component, resulting in loss of stock; net return on investment by RMB 660 million, mainly due to the bottom price of q3 silicon, companies
Jubino's share of silicon production has been significantly reduced in profitability.
The process of upgrading and industrialization has continued to improve the productivity and efficiency of Hpbc products; the new production capacity is based on the technology route of the Topcon battery for 23 years, with the exception of Wang, who is like Oldos 30gw.
In September, s01052300004, the company announced that it would invest in an efficient monocrystal battery project with 12 gw annual output in Zhensi Bronze, which would introduce a higher-performance Hpbcpro battery technology, which was expected to be operational by November 2024, 2025.
The company’s differentiated technology route selection and continuous R & D investment helped to build the research assistant Lin Fukugi \triangleright
Performance: Performance meets expectations, differential competition builds long-term advantages: photovoltile silicone and component two-diplomatic enterprises, solidly bc differential technology routes, continuous expansion of integrated production capacity Quarterly evaluation: simultaneous expansion of integrated production capacity, layout hydrogen energy
Chang, maintain the `recommended' rating. 3. Lungi Green Energy (601012.sh) \triangleright
Review: Performance is as expected, the leader is strong and 2022/10/05: the silicon is strong and the output is expanding in an orderly manner.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.