Short-term performance was hampered by impairments and investment returns, and the Director-General increased his confidence in long-term development. On 30 October 2023, the company issued a three-quarterly report, which achieved operating income for the first three quarters of the year.
One billion yuan, or 8.6 per cent in the same year, and 11.7 billion yuan in the mother ' s net profit, or 6.5 per cent in the same year. Its middle q3 earns 29.4 billion yuan, a 19 per cent decline in the same year, its mother earns 2.5 billion yuan in net profit, the same division sells 37.45gw of single crystal silicon, and its battery pieces sells 471gw in the assembly.
1. " Lungi Green Energy " , with high-growth new product stockings, 43.53gw (43.12gw outlet); of which q3 silicon tablets/cells/assemblies are sold separately. 14.47/14/16.63gw. Ground power station requirements are expected as year ' s year-end loading season returns.
2. The Lungi Green Energy Stocktaking Station has high expectations of the implementation of the Long-Termist Strategy, with a concentrated outbreak and a projected increase in the volume of goods delivered by the company ' s components over the fourth quarter of the year compared to the same ring.
In view of the fact that the rapid phase of decline in silicon material has passed, the company ' s stock impairment pressure has released and is expected to be light in the future, with a reduction of 664 million yuan in ring comparison, mainly due to lower prices for silicon in the third quarter.
The company may be expected to benefit significantly from a marginal improvement in the US-American trading relationship: the company’s lack of access to US-based components has resulted in significant stock impairments, de-port costs, and loss of market share.
In the light of the expected easing of China-United States relations and the prospect of light trade restrictions, the Chairman of the Board has increased his confidence in management after a substantial improvement in the performance of his company's goods:
Confidence in the future stability of the company and recognition of the value of its long-term investments are expected to enhance investor confidence.
Based on the company ' s three-quarterly reports and our latest judgement on the industry, adjustment of product prices for 2023-2025 to below expectations; higher prices of raw materials to be expected; a hostile international trade environment; and the risk of deteriorating patterns of competition.
An analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market within one month and two months of the week.