There's a steady increase in the volume of goods, and there's a tendency to create a differentiated competitive advantage.
\triangleright \triangleright \ product has grown steadily in size. The world’s photovoltaic market remained strong in the first three quarters of 2023, while the rapid expansion of production capacity along the chain and the price of the chain continued to decline.
There is further competition in the photovoltaic sector. Companies insist on a business strategy of “close-to-customer” based on the need to meet diverse applications to enhance the value of their products, optimize customer services, and create a practice number: s150052280001
In January-September 2023, the company achieved the external sale of single crystal silicon tablets, 37.45gw; the external sale of single crystal batteries, 4.71gw; and the export volume of single crystal components, 43.53gw, of which 43.12gw was sold externally, using 0.41gw.
Build components with differentiated competitive advantages and Hpbc products well delivered. Companies focus on high-efficiency bc technology \triangleright to upgrade and industrialization and continuously improve the production and conversion efficiency of Hpbc products;
With the company’s efficient bc technology development and capacity-building, the production of higher-performance Hpbcpro batteries is expected to begin by the end of 2024. At the same time, the company has released a new product, hi-mo7. The company has now developed a “hi-mo5+hi-mo” for use in the large terrestrial power station market.
7" and focus on the product mix of the distributed market hi-mo6 to meet global customer demand with more valuable he-mo landscape products and solutions. Research and development is active, with many high-efficiency battery technologies in stock.
Development, storage, and mid-testing are in progress. The top-level international energy journal, Natureenergy, published the company’s 26.81% of the world record of silicon hemolytic solar cells last November.
Wei Wei certified that the company achieved a conversion efficiency of 33.5 per cent of the crystal silicon-triangleright batteries on the commercial velvet cz silicon.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
8.31, 6.95 times the “buy-in” rating maintained. Risk factors: less than expected demand for photovoltaics, risk of continued decline in prices of photovoltaic products, competitive patterns \triangleright
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the photovoltaic sector, a former assistant for research in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Science, University of Nakayama, and in 2022 for research in the electrical equipment and storage energy sector.
Chen Jie, member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research Centre in 2022, in charge of the lithium electric materials industry. Sun Sun, Assistant Researcher, New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, in charge of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, in 2022, in charge of the new energy motors, Li Woo-jin, member of the team, Master of Economics, National University of Australia, Bachelor of Finance and Economics, Shanghai University, in 2023, in charge of Photovoltaics Research and Development Centre
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.