Larger shares (600160.sh) Refrigerant prices continue to rise, liquid cold business opens up room for growth, basic chemicals and chemicals.
The core driver of growth stems from the strong performance of the refrigerant business. Under the third-generation refrigerant (hfcs) quota system, there has been a fundamental shift in the supply pattern of the industry, from excess competition to supply constraints, with companies enjoying the full benefits of the industry boom with the advantage of the world’s leading production quota.
The average price of the company ' s refrigerant products increased by 61.8 per cent to $3.94 million per tonne on a year-on-year basis, driving the refrigerant plates to an operating income of 55.09 per cent on a year-on-year basis. According to the company ' s profit-gaining factors, the price of the main products increased by $2,197 million, with HFC products contributing 2,129 million, the most significant increase in profits.
Refrigerants continue to increase steadily as they are consumed at the end of a global “licensed” production and sales model. Refrigerants as fresh-demand varieties of air conditioners, heat pumps, which are gradually distinguished from traditional chemical materials, reveal the need for better life, and the need for “temperature control” in the emerging industrial, commercial and agricultural sectors, and downstream.
In recent years, the supply and demand and market patterns of the refrigerant industry have continued to optimize, industry concentration has increased, new business perceptions have evolved, and industry health development and compliance awareness has increased.
Three generations of refrigerants have been in place since 2024, in accordance with the Kigali amendments to the Montreal Treaty. On the basis of this global quota system, China has a global quota of more than 80% of refrigerants, and has resulted in “global structural changes on the supply side (excess capacity de-diversion, supply of quotas)
A specific business model has been implemented for megashares (600160.sh) - stockholdings have increased, three-quarter restrictions) + global franchises (Quota Permits) + high concentration of quotas (Global Quotas are concentrated in China, China Quotas are concentrated in the head of the industry).
" Giant shares (600160.sh) - Rapid growth in performance in 2024, with refrigerant prices at the price of cyclical prices, showing a booming trend in prices. " Megashares (600160.sh) - Persistently rising refrigerant prices, with high performance in the first quarter.
The overall non-refrigerant business is highly competitive and the average price of the fluoropolymer has recovered. Four major fluoropolymers are called "Grossing shares (600160.sh) - Replenishment Consumption Consumption of New Materials, Intensible Domestics, with a sustained increase in the demand for generalized product at the end of supply over the last two years.
In contrast, industrial trends will be increased from generalization to specialization, specialization, high end, high quality, and high-value. In the first half of 2025, the company achieved a rapid increase in demand for fluorinated molecules for venting of data centres, opening up a growth space for liquid cooling operations.
The server power density has increased significantly, the traditional wind-cooled heat evaporation has become a bottleneck, immersion fluids have become unattended, leading to a rapid increase in demand for upstream fluorinated fluids. The company's forward-looking layout of the fluorinated liquid products was reported to the State Environmental Agency on September 23, 2021 by the company's controlling subsidiary, Sophine.
Approval of the 500t/a giant core cooling fluid project of the Zhejiang New Hydrogens Ltd., which mainly produces perfluoropolyether cooling fluids in two stages, 1,000t/a massive core cooling fluids in one phase and 4,000t/a large core cooling liquids in two phases. The project phase is now in production.
The Department signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the south of Chongqing, which will focus on the development of the artificial intelligence industry, innovation, technology applications, and the upgrading of traditional industries. At the same time, the mega-cold technology of the Giant Group signed an investment agreement with the South Highland Area on the artificial intelligence green industrial park project to build the largest immersion in the country.
In the case of fluorine refrigerants, the company’s refrigerant quota is the highest in the country and will benefit directly.
Refrigerants increase over time. Fluorine-specific chemicals and fluorinated materials are growing in demand each year as people live in water, improve and develop rapidly in strategic emerging industries, with their unique properties, fields of application and market space. In terms of the company ' s own internal benefits, they are growing steadily.
Over the past year, companies have continued to expand their production of advanced chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs), up-front extension of the industrial chain, multi-chemical industries have increased their synergies, industry structures, product structures have continued to optimize, and core competitiveness and competitive positions have been increasing.
Taking into account the continuing increase in refrigerant prices in 2025, we maintained the company ' s earnings of $13.331 billion, an increase of 10.36 per cent over the same period; achieved a net return to the mother of $2,051 million, an increase of 146.97 per cent over the same period; and recovered a net return to the mother of $2,026 million, an increase of 155.23 per cent over the same period in the second quarter.
Under the third-generation refrigerant (hfcs) quota system, there has been a fundamental change in the pattern of supply in the sector, moving from excess competition to supply constraints, and companies, with the advantage of the world's leading production quotas, have fully enjoyed the industry landscape 10,000 yuan per ton, driving refrigerant block operating income up by 55.09 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The price of major products rose by 2,197 million yuan, with HFC refrigerant products contributing 2,129 million yuan, or 9%. As the price of refrigerant products recovered, the company’s refrigerant business had a positive impact on corporate profitability in the main business structure and profit structure.
Figure 2: Single-season operating income and growth in mega-stocks (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Net profit and increase in mega-equity to mothers (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: Single-season net profit and increase in mega-equity (in billions, per cent)
Figure 5: Changes in profit margins of mega-stocks Figure 6: Changes in cost during periods of mega-stocking Figure 7: Large-stock refrigerant sales (tonnes) and changes in ring ratios (right axis)
Figure 8 Average share refrigerant prices ($/tons) and ring-to-ring changes (right axis) The demand for refrigerants is on demand, supply is on the global “concession” production sales model, and product prices continue to increase steadily. Refrigerants, as fresh-demand varieties of air conditioners, heat pumps, are gradually distinguished from traditional chemical feedstocks.
In recent years, the supply and demand and market patterns of the refrigerant sector have continued to optimize, industry concentration has increased, and new business perceptions have evolved.
China’s three-generation refrigerants have now been quotad since 2024, in accordance with the Kigali amendments to the Treaty. Based on the global agreement’s quota system, China’s three-generation refrigerants have a global quota of more than 80% and form “a structural reform of the global supply side”
Outcomes (excess capacity one-time decolonization, quota-limited supply) + global concessions (Quota Permits) + high concentration (global quota concentration in China and China’s quota concentration in industry headlines)” are a specific business model. Prices of refrigerant products are being phased out of cycle pricing, showing an over-exploitation of prices.
As at 26 August 2025, r22 had benefited from improved demand during the high-temperature season, increased counterfeiting, firm strength to protect the market, with a current price range of $4-405 million per ton; r32 had been strongly driven by multiple factors, downstream demand continued to flourish, and market tensions had exacerbated corporate sales mentality, and the prevailing offer was now in place.
R134a benefits from the rapid pace of the new energy automobile industry, which is weak downstream demand, which allows enterprises to maintain a steady price through installation repairs; r227ea is affected by the increase in demand for false compensatory storage in the fire field and the lack of adequate self-employment, and the market is not available, and the offer is up to $75,000-77,000 per ton.
Figure 9: Second-generation refrigerant r22 prices and price differentials (mb/t) Figure 10: Third-generation refrigerant r32 prices and price differentials (mb/t) Non-refrigerant operations generally competed strongly and the average price of the fluorinated polymers recovered. Four major fluorinated polymers
At ptfe, pvdf, fep, fkm, over the last two years, there has been a steady increase in the capacity of the supply-side generic chemical products, with demand growing at a much slower rate than supply growth and imbalances. The trend in industrial development will move from generalization to specialization, specialization, high end, high quality, and high-value upgrading.
On the industry side, ptfe looks at supply-side policies in the long run as they accelerate the transformation of the industry, with the result of high-end product substitution occurring; however, in the short term, there is intense intra-industry competition, high start-up loads, ample market supply, and continued weak demand. Firms adjust their offers flexibly to their own stocks, leading to a marked differentiation of product prices.
As of 26 August 2025, the price of suspended particles was between $37,000 and $40.0 million per ton. For pvdf, the market is rewinding. Current market demand tends to saturate and supply continues to grow, leading to supply-demand relations.
At the same time, in the area of lithium electricity, the double pressure for the gradual release of additional capacity and the high level of business stock has increased downward pressure throughout the city. Pvdf firms are now generally adopting a policy of reducing prices to stocks, and competition for low prices is becoming more intense.
By August 26, 2025, the pvdf price for paint was $38,000-40 million/tonne. The industry, for its part, is still in a vulnerable phase, and steady prices have become the dominant trend in the current market.
Figure 13: Larger shares fluorinated polymer sales (tonnes) and ring ratio changes (right axis) Figure 14: Larger shares fluorinated polymer prices (m/tonne) and ring ratio changes (right axis) Rapid growth of demand for radiative heat in data centres, opening up growth space for liquid cold operations.
The power density has increased significantly, the traditional wind-cold heat radiating mode has become a bottleneck, immersion fluids have become a future trend, and demand for fluorinated fluids (CFCs) with upstream is growing rapidly. The company is forward-looking on the fluorinated liquid product, and on September 23, 2021, the company’s controlling subsidiary, Soupo, submitted to the State Eco-Environmental Agency for Xiangjiang.
Material Co. Ltd. 5000t/a Big Core cooling fluid project, which produces perfluoropolyether cooling fluids in two stages, 1,000t/a Big Core cooling fluids in one phase and 4,000t/a Large Core cooling fluids in the second phase. The first phase of the project is now in production. In addition, at the end of 2024, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Chongqing's southern district.
At the same time, the mega-cold technology of the Giant Group signed an investment agreement with the South China Highland Industrial Park Project to build the largest impregnable liquid-resistence computing centre in the country.
In the case of fluorine refrigerants, the company’s refrigerant quota is the highest in the country and will benefit directly from a long-term increase in the temperature of refrigerants. In the case of fluorinated fine chemicals and fluorinated materials, the living standards of our people are improving and improving.
Strategic and emerging industries have grown rapidly, with fluorinated products growing steadily with their unique properties, applications and market space. In terms of the company’s own endogenous benefits, the company has continued to increase the amount of fluorine, the development of advanced chlorinated chemical materials, the high-end extension of the industrial chain, and increased synergies in the multi-chemical industry.
The structure of the industry, product structure, core competitiveness, and competitive position have continued to improve. Since 2024, annual refrigerant prices have continued to rise, and we have maintained corporate profitability projections: the expected net return profits for 2025-2027. Authors have assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, and through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author