Refrigerant prices are rising, high-value-added products are growing.
On August 27, the company released its semi-annual report for 2025. 2025h1, the company achieved operating income in Tung Ze, and the ring ratio grew: it achieved operating income of 7,531 million yuan, compared to 13.93 per cent, the ring ratio.
The price of the refrigerants has risen significantly, making it the main force of performance. 2025h1, the production quota of the second generation of the HFC refrigerants (hcfcs) was further reduced in 2025 in the company's refrigerant products.
The 12mtha share price range was reduced; production quotas for third-generation HFC refrigerants (hfcs) had been in place since 2024, and industry patterns and competition had improved continuously, product prices had risen steadily and Maori had risen significantly.
Infinitea shares/total stock, according to steel union data, as of 28 August, a global leader in production capacity and production quotas for the respective varieties of r22/r32/r125/r134a market prices was highlighted, and profitability is expected to continue to rise.
Non-refrigerant business products are generally highly competitive. Sub-operations show that the average prices of company fluorinated raw materials, fluorinated fine chemicals and basic chemical products have increased by 10.24% on a year-on-year basis, high-value-added product layouts, liquid cooling and other emerging applications open up room for growth.
(1) Fluorinated polymers (F-polymers) are home-grown, leading the way for high-end upgrading of fluorinated industries. Fluorinated polymers are one of the fastest-growing and most promising industries in the organic fluorinated industry, with high value added, widely applied to emerging strategic industries such as aerospace, 5g communications and the future.
Industry. Company fluorinated polymers are well grown, tfe, hfp, vdf, ptfe, fap, fkm, pvdf, etcfe total production capacity is in the lead industry: based on R & D advantages ... Sustained. Refrigerant Persistence, 25h1 net profit plus one.
Increased autonomous research and development of high-performance fluoropolymers. Company plans 10,000 tonnes/year high-quality molten fluorine - 10,025, 500 tonnes/year 250 tonnes/year project, 10,000 tonnes/year faep, etc.
The project for expansion and the project for the integration of new materials for the gentrification of high-performance chlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs) is expected to maintain fluorine - 01/05/2025
Domestic leader of polymers. Refrigerant industry up-to-date, fluorine leader (2) Fluorine fine chemicals: based on industry-wide chain layout advantages, liquid cold market demand can be released
The company has a complete fluorinated industrial chain and a complete fluorinated polymer monomer, as well as strong product research and development capabilities that provide a good basis for the high-end, fine-tuning, and specialization of the company's fluorinated industry.
The company’s affiliates fly to the top three of the trifluoride series of fine materials such as R113a, trifluoroacetic acid, trifluoroacetyl chloride, trifluoroacetol, and sulphuryl chloride. In the case of fluorine, al is rapidly developing to open the server liquid cold market space, and high-performance fluorine is used as a new dispensable medium.
Quality, demand is expected to grow rapidly. The company developed an electronic fluorinated liquid hydrofluoroethersd and perfluoropolyether jht products, which can provide thermal management solutions for semiconductor production, large data centres, etc.
Including the jht e-flow column, the jhlo lubricant series and the jx leachate cooling fluid, a period of 1,000 tonnes/year has been completed. (3) Four generations of refrigerants: forward-looking hfcs alternatives, varieties and production capabilities lead the country.
Hfcs will establish a schedule for phase-down and Hfos-IV is now promoting commercialization applications due to very low gwp values. The company has accelerated the generation-IV refrigerant technology upgrades and new green low-carbon refrigerant product innovations, and now operates two mainstream Hfos production sets.
We believe that the three-generation quota system for refrigerant production is on the ground, and the industry opens the way to winding up the landscape.
The Division has benefited fully as an industry leader; many high-value-added products have been configured ahead of schedule, and companies will experience future changes in their refrigerant sector policies; downstream demand will fall short of expectations; prices of raw materials will fluctuate significantly; and construction projects are not progressing as expected.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.