Magnificent shares (600160) Mid 2025: Refrigerant approaching gold. Structural contradictions in the chemical industry are prominent and the refrigerants are growing strongly: at this point in time, the chemical industry.
The power utilization of the industry is still in a downward spiral, and structural inconsistencies between supply and demand remain acute, with “low-end excess, middle-end dependence on imports” still prominent. In the context of supply-side policy clamp-down, the awareness of the industry and the market of quota-driven markets has increased further, with a build-up of the first half of the year’s ash.
(b) Corporate performance remained strong: growth in the first half of the year 2025 was robust, but the Māori rate was significantly higher than in the first half of the year.
28.72 per cent (+11.99pcts), with further fragmentation of the non-refrigerant fluorinated industry, with fluorinated feedstocks/fluorinated fine chemicals/basic chemical products receiving $681 million (+23.16 per cent)
Prices are still on the decline; refrigerant plates have achieved revenues of $6.087 billion (+55.09 per cent), a significant increase due mainly to a substantial increase in product prices on a year-on-year basis, while prices for refrigerants' main raw materials are increasing by 4.49 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and company profitability has increased significantly compared with the Māori rate of refrigerant plates.
50.35 per cent (+22.54 per cent) related; Wang Yongjie financial data: higher financial costs during the reporting period were mainly due to increased loan and interest expenditures and exchange rate losses
Reductions due to higher operating cash flow, mainly due to performance rating of 2024 & 2025q1 for the main business, especially refrigerant operations: refrigerant dividend period has arrived, upped and funding repatriation accelerated; contract liabilities have increased considerably, mainly due to higher advance payments made downstream
(c) Supply and demand for refrigerants continues to improve: as the quota system deepens, the supply and demand pattern is reversed upstream and downstream in the industrial chain.
In essence, it is further understood that the in-roll competition’s mental inertia has broken down further, with the advantage of lower downstream cost of refrigerants, more rigid demand, more diversified distribution channels, and so on, opening up more price elasticity and imagination. With last year’s hoarding down, the difference between domestic and foreign prices was quickly repaired in the fourth quarter of 2024, with some varieties even recovered.
Lead domestic prices. More emphasis should be placed on the strategic positioning and internationalization of the refrigerant industry in the context of a domestic quota of more than 80% of the global hfcs quota; Artificial intelligence, high-end semiconductor industry, fluorinated liquid demand: refrigerants in traditional household, commercial air conditioning
In addition to its role in more areas of temperature control, in the high end semiconductor sector, where the cleaning, etching and temperature control components of the manufacturing process have increased the demand for high-performance electron-grade fluorinated fluids, the giant cores of companies' subsidiaries are accelerating national production substitution, and in the area of artificial intelligence, high-performance special fluorinated fluids are becoming a new dispensable medium.
(b) Investment proposals: 2025 was a year of significant increases in refrigerant prices, and companies, as industry giants, were fully covered by the full industrial chain of fluorinated cooling fluid plus liquid cold thermal control equipment plus impregnated liquid cold servers, which are currently being scaled up at the Shanghai Portai centre and the Alibaba data centre;
To benefit from the dividends of the increase in refrigerant prices under the quota system, companies may further enhance their voice in the industrial chain in the future as the refrigerant quota trade moves forward. At the same time, the demand for high-end fluorinated fluids in semiconductors, artificial intelligence, etc., is increasing, and companies are expected to benefit from the long-term layout of the fluorinated industry.
The new material team in the medium-carriage portfolio: specialization in new materials and macrocycle studies, building on the strong industrial background of the China-China industry group, focusing on new aviation materials and gradually expanding to new energy materials, light-quantified materials, etc., to form a track-based industry chain coverage and tracking, focusing on integration, forming a second-tier market synergy at the operational level.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.