The reason for the report is: performance evaluation: the event: the semi-annual report of 2025 published by the mega-equity, which achieved business income of $13.331 billion in 2025.
Refrigerant prices have risen significantly, industry has continued to rise, and company profitability has increased significantly: at the end of product prices, January-June 2025, company refrigerants, fluoropolymer materials, fluorinated raw materials, fluorinated fine chemicals, food packaging materials, stone refrigerant quotas have been highly concentrated and companies are expected to continue to benefit as refrigerant industry taps: three generation refrigerant quotas in 2024
The refrigerant quota has continued to tighten as of 1 January. In 2025, the national authorized company (including the controlling subsidiary) r had a birth quota of 38.9 million tons, or 26.10 per cent of the country ' s total, of which the domestic quota was 31.28 per cent, the country ' s first; the production quota of hfcs was 29.78 million tons, or 39.33 per cent of the country ' s combined share of the same species; not only was the total quota in absolute lead, but also the majors.
Strength chain stretching to facilitate optimal industrial upgrading: 2025h1 completed fixed asset investment of $1.99 billion and construction work in progress of 125 (36 projects started in the year); included 4kt/atfe, 10kt/afep extension projects, epoxy-chloropropane device modifications, and some
Fifty-two projects, such as the optimization and upgrading of metrol, have been put into operation, the construction of a large-scale project for the integration of new CFC-based materials has begun, and companies have further consolidated the advantages of the industrial chain. Investment proposals: companies are leading the industry, the size of the industry and the advantages of industrial chain integration have become apparent, and the supply and demand of refrigerants have become tighter.
Megashares (600160): The coolant landscape is expected to sustain the industry for the long term. We maintain the company’s profit forecast, with net return profits of $4.236 billion in 2025-2027, and the company’s performance has improved significantly.
Larged shares (600160): refrigerant prices up, company performance is expected to increase continuously - Giant shares (600160): three generation refrigerants
Price upswing, company performance is expected and expected to increase continuously - Corporate Summary Report Appendix: Three Key Statement Projected Values
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.