Magnificent shares (600160.sh) Basic chemical fluorinated iii refrigerant highs drive continued high performance, plus product output
The structure has grown steadily, the prices of fluorinated refrigerants have recovered, leading to a significant increase in performance. The chemical industry is at a low profile and continues to face problems of overcapacity, imbalance in supply and demand, and high homogeneity competition, combined with uncertainty in the international market and overall opportunities.
Greater than the challenge. During the first half of 2025, the company increased its production and external sales of its main products and achieved business income of 133.31. See, the first half of the year, the company's refrigerants, petrochemical materials, basic chemical products, fluorinated polymers, fluorinated materials, 1.94 ptt. The non-refrigerant chemical products as a whole were “lower in supply and demand” and lower in price.
But because of the deep decline in product prices over the years, market risks were released more fully, and the refrigerant business was profitable.
Gains have had a less significant impact on the company’s overall performance. The reasons for the strong growth in corporate performance are mainly twofold: price, a continuous recovery in the price of fluorinated refrigerants, a 61.8 per cent increase in the same year, overall competition for non-refrigerant business products, and other narrow declines in the price of fluorinated raw materials, fluorinated fine chemicals, and basic chemical products, in addition to higher prices.
Larger shares: up-scaling of refrigerant prices, driving significant performance Production and sales, stable production of the company's main production apparatus, increased production and external sales of its main products, with fluorinated growth - Hwakin securities - chemical industry - company Express - mega-equity
Production of industrial raw materials, fluoropolymer materials, fluorinated fine chemicals increased by 11.44 per cent, 8.49 per cent, mega-stocks: the refrigerant landscape continued, performance continued to improve - the main raw materials and power prices declined, the main single consumption decreased and the operating costs increased.
The company is a domestic fluorine leader, a global-specific new chlor-alkali material (vdc-pvdc industrial chain) that successfully builds fluorinated industrial raw materials, fluorinated refrigerants, and fluorinated polymers.
For refrigerants, companies have the world’s absolute leading tons, accounting for 26.10% of the country, of which the domestic quota is 31.28%, the country’s first; the production quota of hfcs is 29.78 million tons, accounting for 39.33% of the country’s total share of the same species.
The dominant species share is in the lead and firm ownership of the market is firmly established. At the same time, companies are the only ones in the country that have first- to fourth-generation fluorinated refrigerants series with new types of fluorinated refrigerants (HFEd series, perfluoropolyether jht series), hydrocarbon refrigerant products (35,000 tonnes/year capacity) and blended refrigerants.
Enterprises, leading countries in the fourth generation of fluorinated refrigerants (hfos) varieties and effective production capacity (two mainstream Hfos production units are now in operation with a capacity of about 8,000 tonnes/year; it is planned to adapt the new capacity through new + technology to close to 50,000 tonnes). For fluorinated polymers, companies have a full range of fluorinated polymers, tfe, hfp, vdf, ptfe, faep, fkm, pvdf,
In addition, the company’s new food packaging materials vdc, pvdc industrial capacity is number one globally.
First, market ownership is the highest in the country and overall competitiveness is well established. At present, the company’s main industries are concentrated in the counties, which are rich in flints, 29 of which are currently located in flint mines, and 20873.8726 million tons of resources (ores/caf2) which help to ensure the security and stability of the company’s fluorescent supply chain.
In recent years, companies have continued to increase their investment in research and development, with 36 projects starting for two consecutive years, 4 kt/atfe, 10 kt/afep extension projects, epoxy-chloropropane device modifications, organic ethanol optimization upgrading projects, and a full-scale implementation of the Gansu project for the integration of new high-performance CFC materials.
In recent years, the company has been promoting the integration of intellectual change and business innovation, and in 2021 it took the lead as a “future factory” for Zhejiang industrial enterprises and provincial state companies. Three provincial smart factories have been built (2021 Electrification plants sub- sodium chlorate smart plants, 2022 nbo macrochemical organic ol intelligence plants, 2023 mega-St. Fluorination companies ptfe)
Two digital workshops in Zhejiang province. The company, which is committed to sustainable development, has defined the goal of “beautiful megaization” of the eco-civilization of the three species (production, living, ecology) and has now established two green factories at the national level of the Ministry of Industry and Communications, one green factory in the petroleum and chemical industries and two green factories at the municipal level.
Investment proposals: Refrigerant supply constraints, high concentration patterns, climate prospects, sustained increases in product prices, mega-equity elasticity periods as refrigerant taps, and growing profitability of high value-added products. We maintain profitability projections, with company revenues projected for 2025-2027.
Trade policy risks; high volatility of raw materials; under-construction of projects; safety and environmental risks.