Larger shares (600160.sh) Refrigerant prices continue to rise, with high performance growth in the first half of 2025.
Investment rating: better than the major market (maintaining) NCM view: 1) demand for refrigerants is at the end of demand, supply is at the end of a global “concession” production marketing model, and product prices are steadily rising; 2) non-refrigerant operations are generally competitive and the average price of fluorinated polymers has recovered.
Investment proposals: The company, as the leader of the fluorinated industry, has a good industrial chain layout, a significant cost and co-benefit, and a healthy financial structure. Fluorine refrigerants, with their first quota of refrigerants in the country, will benefit directly from the long-term increase in the temperature of refrigerants. Fluorine fine chemicals and fluorinated materials, as the living standards of our people improve and the strategic and emerging industries develop rapidly, with their unique properties, applications and markets empty.
In terms of the company’s own endogenous benefits, the company has continued to expand the development of advanced chemicals for CFCs over the years, the high-end extension of the industry chain, the increased synergies in the multi-chemical industry, the continued optimization of the industrial structure, product structure, and the growing competitiveness of core competition and competition.
The significant increase in corporate performance was due mainly to the sustained recovery in prices of the company’s core product, fluorinated refrigerants, and the steady increase in sales of the company’s main products, which led to an increase in the main business and a rise in profits. During the first half of 2025, company refrigerant sales amounted to 1,546 million tons, a decline of 4.19 per cent compared to the previous period; and average refrigerant sales rose on a quarterly basis, in the second quarter of 2025.
The average refrigerant price was 40911 yuan per tonne, an increase of 65% in the same year and 9% in the ring. As the price of refrigerant products recovered, the company ' s refrigerant business had a positive impact on the company ' s profitability.
Figure 2: Larger share refrigerant average prices ($/ton) and ring-to-axis changes (right axis) Demand for refrigerants is at the end of demand and supply is a global “licensed” model of production and prices of products are steadily rising. Refrigerants are gradually distinguished from traditional chemical feedstocks as fresh varieties of air conditioners, heat pumps. Three generations of refrigerants in China are now based on the Monterey Model.
The Kigali amendment to the Lear Treaty introduced a quota system in 2024. On the basis of the quota system of the global agreement, China’s three-generation refrigerants had a global quota of more than 80% of the world’s total and formed “the result of structural reforms on the global supply side (a one-time de-listing of excess capacity, quota-limited supply) + the global concession (Quota Permit) + the high concentration of quotas (global quotas concentrated in China and China’s quota in industry head enterprises)”
Commercial models. The price of refrigerant products is gradually moving away from the cycle pricing, showing a booming trend in price cycles.Figure 5: Three generations of refrigerant r125 prices and price differentials (mg/tonne) The overall non-refrigerant business is highly competitive and the average price of fluorinated polymers is rising.
The four main fluorinated polymer varieties, ptfe, pvdf, fep, fkm, have been growing continuously over the last two years, with demand growing at a much slower pace than supply growth and imbalances. The trend in industrial development will be towards universalization, specialization, high end, high quality, high value-added industries, where ptfe has seen supply-side policies accelerate industrial transformation in the long term, with the result of high end substitution of products emerging; however, there will be no growth in core demand in the short term.
In the case of pvdf, the firm’s willingness to lower prices has increased slightly as the cost of raw materials has been rewinded, demand has contracted and pressure has been exerted on excess production capacity. Cost support has been weak, with downstream pressure, to discourage market recovery; and, as of 8 July 2025, the cost of coatings for pvdf has been 58,000 to 60,000.
On the bottom, the low-end market continues to rewind; by 8 July 2025, the feed market was reported to be $4.35-455 million per ton. Figure 8: Average price of fluorinated polymers ($/tons) and changes in ring ratio (right axis) in mega-equity.
In the case of fluorine refrigerants, the company's colder quota is the highest in the country and will directly benefit from the long-term increase in the temperature of refrigerants. In the case of fluorinated fine chemicals and fluorinated materials, with the country's living standards improving and the rapid growth of strategic emerging industries, the fluorine products are expanding with their unique properties, application areas and market space.
In terms of the company’s own endogenous benefits, the company has continued to increase the development of advanced chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) over the years, high-end extension, industrial chains, increased synergies in multi-chemical industries, continued optimization of industrial structures, product structure, core competitiveness, and a growing competitive position. Since 2024, the company’s prices for refrigerant products and the Maori rate have continued to rise on a seasonal basis, leading to growth in corporate profits, taking into account the 2025 regime.
Weak demand for fluorinated workers; less than expected progress in project implementation; substantial decline in product prices, etc. Author ensures that data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future