Tung Wu Xiang Yu, 5 grain fluids (000858) 5 grain fluids: Consumable tax can be easily digested, 3q
On May 1st, the tax tax on consumption was raised, as reported in the 17th mid-year report of the Mahoubo Waterworks, which started on May 1st.
So we've made a elastic calculation of the recent market concerns about the increase in the tax base for the sake of wine consumption, s06051407001.
Meanwhile, the recent sale of the five grain fluids has been tracked, suggesting that the impact of the consumption tax can easily be absorbed. The Iekawa wine tax has raised the probability that the five grains will be better than the 16-year low, and the main reason is that the increase in the tax base is lower than expected + the price increase.
Because in 16 years, 60% of distributors pay $659 and return $30, 4 of distributors charge $679, measuring a 17-year average of 5 tons per annum + 14%, can easily absorb the impact of the consumption tax.
The basics are expected to be more than anticipated by continuing the price hikes, possibly direct price hikes, higher unplanned and higher 2q shipments + performance. In conjunction with grass-roots research, the five grain fluids, the 100-million-city shops, are gradually opened, and the internal improvements are gradually translated into performance.
In the case of East China, for example, the distribution of the rings in April, May and June has accelerated, and is in circulation. In conjunction with the slightly over-expected situation in the hut, the advance of 1 q17 million for the five grain fluids does not exclude the possibility of some of the releases being reported.
From the beginning of the year, we have observed a dramatic change in the five-food fluid reform that has broken through the last decade.
Mainly 1) brand power - raising brand power through marketing reforms. Cost investments shift from online to sub-lined marketing, active collaboration with new media, etc.; 2) channel power - small, mixed core distributor interests.
As a first step, it is expected that this exercise will continue in the future, with strict control over the size and quality of new vendors and a significant increase in channel control; 3) product strength - implementation of the "1+3" strategy and production along the "P5" process.
Singles. For the past 10 years, the five grain fluids have been questioned because of a lack of strategy for large singles, and the company has confirmed that the 1.5 grain fluids are the ones most directly affected by the rise in the price of the mats.
Leisure brands, 17 years of white wine with a high price for sex, have repeatedly proposed the concept of "secondary entrepreneurship", which combines a comparison of the efficiency of five grain fluids with the performance of the huts, with a huge amount of room for deep-sewing within the five grain fluids, which is expected to be released in the future.
Profit forecasting and valuation: 17 years of pe, 26 x 28x, 32x, and 32x, respectively, have the most room for improvement. At the end of the mid-autumn season, the internal improvement of the fluids + the favourable external market environment is expected to result in higher-than-expected growth in performance.
3. Five grain fluids: the most beneficial result of the increase in the price of the Maotai lot is Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., which has been accredited by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and has a portfolio investment advisory committee.