Performance exceeded expectations, channel confidence recovered significantly Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB)
In the first half of the year, income of $15,621 million, or +17.85 per cent, was released; the ring ratio rose. The end of the income line was largely in line with market expectations, with profits slightly exceeding market expectations. In the first half of the year, $14,461 million in cash was received for the supply of goods and services, compared with +6.2 per cent, less than the increase in income;
The improvement in the income growth loop was evident, benefiting from the lack of goods in the huts and the stabilization of their own batches: in the first half of the year, companies achieved a higher rate of growth than q1 by +15.1 per cent compared to +23.3 per cent compared to the Q1 base for the same period, on the one hand, and on the other hand, the improvement in the q2 over the same period, on the other hand, the actual volume of goods delivered at the huts was lower than expected and the prices at the huts increased rapidly.
1. " Steady growth, the trend is related to the increase in the value of the sex ratio resulting from the basic stability of the prices of the q2 huts during the period of its own batches " . According to research from sources, the actual output of the q2 huts was significantly lower than expected (and led to a surge in prices to a maximum of $1,500).
2. "According to the Countdown, Focusing on Deep Harbour Passage - Sectors" , it was clear that the smooth flow of the five grains would benefit, while the price of the five batches had risen steadily, with only a small increase in q3 - about $20-30, the value of the sex in the larger context of the surge in the price of the huts, and the profit of the channel had improved slightly.
In terms of revenue recognition, the company received $14,461 million in cash in the first half of the year for the provision of services for the sale of goods, and the statement confirms that the number of receipts is higher than the amount of cash received is about $1.16 billion. q2 Q2 Q$6.756 billion in cash.
More than $5.462 billion in revenue recognition during the same period, showing a significant improvement in the q2 distributor’s incentive to raise money than q1. This is also because the feedback from the channel coincides and the confidence recovery from the channel is accelerating.
Food fluids (Pv) have made two price increases during the year, ranging from $659 to $679 and $679 to $739, respectively. The company's overall Māori ratio has increased by 1.65 ppt to 71.65 per cent over the same period, and the alcohol business Māori rate has risen.
As a result of the heavy stock shortage, the bulk price has risen to over $1,500, and the price of q2 for the five grains has also increased by a small margin of about $30, and is now largely stable at $830, close to the front line of the factory. The price of $850 (the maximum equivalent of 10-15% of the profit from the pipeline) is close.
The acceleration has been a significant disincentive to fly-by batch prices, which have begun to rewind, and it will objectively continue to be a bit more repressive. But now, with good sales and a high degree of acceptance of the walk-through strategy, in the context of the q3 dome acceleration, we believe that the five dots are stable and price-free.
It is also good to compare the road to a sustained recovery of confidence in the channel. The high rates of Maori and lower costs, and the elasticity of the profits of high taxes and fees: to benefit from price increases, the company’s overall Māori rate rose by 1.65 ppt in the first half of the year; and the company’s current rates were contained.
The sharp decline of 4.27 to 18.07 per cent over the same period is mainly due to the cost of sales (a significant increase in the consumer tax base for the same period - 2.64 ppt and a significant increase in current taxes and surcharges for the same period, 37.84 per cent over the same period, which is significantly higher than the rate of income growth (the same year +17.85 per cent) and promotes higher tax rates).
Income tax rates have also increased by 1.47 ppt to 25.82%. But the increase in the two core taxes has not matched the improvement in the rate of interest and cost, and the company’s net interest rate has continued to rise by 2.84 ppt in the first half of the year.
In July of 15 years, the company launched a non-publicization and employee holding scheme, was approved by the CSRC in December of 16, and officially approved by the CSRC in May of 17 years. As China’s leading industry in the white and wine industry, the five grains have been reformed.
The break-up was a landmark in the sense that employee participation in non-public distribution would bind employees to corporate interests, and would effectively compensate for the five grains. The group’s new secretary-general and chairman, Lee Jong-hoon, was able to take over the Tang Bridge, with the new leader running the wheel, and the new mechanism running the five grains.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.