The consumption tax has been raised to $739 per bottle in the second half of 2016, and 1618 to 769 in early 2017.
Dollars/bottles, P5s at the beginning of 2017 suggest a supply price of $809/bottles and a retail price of $899/bottles. In view of the current “P5” prices, which have been consumed in the second half of the season, the price of the batches has stabilized at $800/bottles, with a retail terminal price of $969/bottles and a corresponding price of $829/bottles in 2016, with a marked increase in the price of the F5 plant and terminal prices over the past year.
The difference in value between the liquids and the poo brands is not as large as the current terminal price differential, and the consumption replacement effect of the next five grains is expected to be released gradually, and the price of the P5 continues to rise steadily.
\triangleright, according to the Kawakami tax letter [2017] 128, the company re-approved the minimum tax price for part of the product consumption tax, resulting in an increase in the consumer tax base. Considering that the company was implementing the policy on 1 May 2017, it is expected that the consumption tax will continue to grow in the second half of the year.
In the short term, the consumption tax is an in-price tax, and the increase in the consumption tax will offset the current operating profits, and the marginal impact of the consumption tax on profits will decline as the minimum base policy of the consumption tax is fully implemented. At this point in the upward trend in the prices of the company’s core products, the increase in the consumption tax will not change the price trends of the core products.
The company’s year-on-year cost changes during the first half of 2017 have also resulted in an increase in its performance in the first half of the year exceeding the rate of income growth. At the end of the first half of the year, the company forecasted that we would continue to implement a price-priority policy for the second half of our five grains, and that P5 prices were expected to reduce the price differential under the expectation of an increase in the price of the hut.
The impact of the consumption tax on the company’s net profits will continue to be felt in the second half of the year, but it is expected to diminish after 2018. The company is expected to grow from 2017 to the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
Master ' s degree in accounting, 2008 in all acceding countries, studies in agriculture and food and beverages, 2011 in Anshin securities, 2013 in East Hing securities, and 9 years in food and beverages, and 5 years in food and beverages.
Fan Jianji, China Agricultural University-University of California at Berkeley, has jointly developed a Ph.D. in agricultural economics management. Joined the East Hing Securities and Investment Department in 2015 to analyze his research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.