On March 30, the Bank of Commerce and Industry published the 2022 report.
2.6 per cent; net profit return of $36.48 billion, yoy+3.5 per cent; negative rate of 1.38 per cent and provision coverage of 209 per cent. Profit rate maintained robust. 22 years of revenue, net profit of return, compared to the previous three quarters - \triangleright
The extreme expansion is a major positive contribution factor. The volatility of the 22q4 debt market influences the management of revenue from financial operations, the movement of fair value gains and losses in transactional gold financing, which leads to a decline in non-interest income on a par; however, settlement and cash management, bank cards, and transaction fees, compared to +10.1 per cent and +6.3 per cent, support this gain.
\triangleright Construction, Science and Technology, and Green Loans have increased at a much faster rate than the average of loans.
+ Debt-for-equity instruments, which cumulatively provide more than $6.4 trillion in financial support to the real economy. Research assistant in Bowen, “Creating and curing the foundations of the strong”, has achieved significant strategic results.
The final number of individual clients amounts to 720 million and the retail aum size amounts to $18.66 trillion; among these, the number of private sector clients remains at the forefront of the market.
Under the banking preferences strategy, the capacity and scale of foreign exchange services are further enhanced. The overall quality of assets is better. 22 years of poor performance is down by 2bp and has been on track since 21q1.
The lending ratio is almost the same as that of 22q3 and the risk countervailing capacity is maintained at a better level.
Business and industry banks operate robustly, and while credit expands positively, they continue to be poor. Twenty-two years of playing the role of a big geese, increasing its scale on a quarterly basis, injecting financial life into the real economy. A solid push to “strengthen and strengthen” the robustness of the fabric helps to drive companies to maintain a steady and robust quality of their operations.
0.5 times 23 years pb, maintaining the `recommended' rating. \triangleright Figure 1: Business and Industry Bank ' s year-on-year increase as of 2022 (cumulative)
Figure 2: Net interest income of business banks up to 2022, rate of increase in median and year-on-year ratios (cumulative) Figure 5: Rate of return on interest-bearing assets of business banks up to 2022, Cost of interest-bearing liabilities (disclosed value) Figure 7: Poor rate of business banks up to 2022
Figure 8: Business Bank Concern, Overdue Rates as of 2022 Figure 9: Level of Provision by Business Banks as of 2022 Summary of Corporate Financial Statement Data Projections
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.