"LanceTechnology" (300433) IT technology hardware and equipment.
We think that this kind of self-media article should not be interpreted too much, that any stock would be subject to short-term fluctuations, but that the change in dimensions must be determined by the firm’s inherent strength and long-term growth.
The current market value, even if the future of the remaining fungible debt could be diluted, corresponds to next year's dynamics with “heavy” assets: effective and orderly flow of core assets (millions of shares) under the conditions of technological leadership.
They're the best moats of competition. In the process that we recommended Lance, the market always had some total market value/flow (millions of dollars) that questioned the nature of its "heavy" assets. And we think that it's effective "heavy," in an orderly way.
A 12-month maximum/minimum “weight” is a fundamental guarantee of core competitiveness. To become a global champion of the industry and its subdivisions, and to continue to lead the industry, the appropriate “heaviness” is now versus the non-existent.
The manufacture of glass covers involves hundreds of different processes, different process demands, different process devices. Consumers of millions of pieces of glass demand, as well as the shorter and shorter delivery cycles upstream, must not only be able to meet the increasing demands of suppliers.
Increased demand for engraved glass surface processes must also be able to deliver more quickly and supply more vertically. From R&D, which stabilizes the production of multiple phantoms, gradients, colours, sands, glass, and the 3.5d front caps, in the last three years, R&D has been in the reverse cycle of land, factories, etc.
Continued strategic capital investment in housing, equipment, etc. has fully established the company’s long-cycle competitive edge and has set a high entry threshold for the industry’s long-cycle, further increasing the distance from competitors in the various subsectors.
Appearances, for consumers, are the most direct manifestation of the value of smartphone end-use brands: beginning this year, it became clear that the importance attached by the major branders to their outward views was very high.
High, cyclical strategic inputs are clearly intended, especially the emergence of completely new elements of the backboards, such as showcasing, illusions, sand, etc., which have led to a significant change in the appearance and colour of mobile phones, especially in the form of machines in the second half of this year.
The plating, uv reprinting and other techniques are fully integrated with 3d light, which can make a very complex 3d phantom texture on the basis of the gradient, while the grinding process, represented by the iphone 11 back, can not only create a balanced, delicate surface with a metal quality.
It also protects against fingerprints, the spray sands, or ag etchings required by these processes, and the treatment described above, which, while directly increasing the cost of a mobile phone's appearance, can result in immediate improvements in the visual touch and quality effects of the product.
The improvement in the core customer price strategy, marketing strategy, and reserve strategy is a marginal change in the company’s growth: Lance has been optimizing his client structure in recent years, and the corporate clients of Metro Andre have been highlighted as the brand’s reputation continues to grow.
Globally, large clients are still central and irreplaceable to Lance. The high sales of the top 2019 and the rapid advance of the cheap model in early 2020 appear to be the weight of the significant q3 performance in 2019 and the next high q4 and q1 growth.
One of the reasons for this is not a short-term phenomenon, but a positive strategic change that big customers have made in terms of prices, sales cycles, etc., in response to the market, and that Lance, as a supplier of long-term central importance to big clients, will benefit fully from this change. If we connect, we analyze Lance in 2018.
The situation of one group of clients: the price of the core client single machine was too high in 2018, and the distribution of the first and second half of the year was uneven over the years, with the Andres client ratio under-represented, the number of machines and the volume of goods delivered; and that's exactly what we're seeing right now through the problem and the status quo.
Based on the results of the network: in 2019, the price of the basic version of the iPhone 11 went down to the unprecedented $4998, and the value of the sex price increased significantly, bringing the cell phone to an unprecedented level of heat at home and around the globe, a short supply, and a steady two-round 11 to the full platform.
Face, iphonese2 will be sold out at a very high value for money in 2020q1, and many points are expected to produce more than 30 million products. The essence of these numbers is that the positive changes in the price-fixing strategy, marketing cycles, etc., are in the hands of the big customers, who want the product to be turned over.
This positive change for large clients has been beneficial in the first half of the year, the effective increase in crop productivity, the optimal annual cost of use, and the effective change in cost of spending.
Good things, and the effective balance and enhancement of annual profitability, are important factors in the evolution of the Ramsian margin.
Within a six-month time frame, there is greater flexibility to change products, to compete with other branders who have introduced new mobile phones throughout the year, and this pattern will continue over the next few years. We re-emphasize that strategic changes by large clients have undoubtedly balanced past causes for Lance.
The cyclical volatility of imbalances in the first and second half of the season is of great benefit to enterprises in terms of recruitment, capacity arrangements, and investment of resources. On the basis of initial solutions to the first and second half of the year’s profit balance, Lance’s elasticity of business size and profitability will be considerably explained.
In a similar current market, the design and process innovation of mobile phone appearances and expressions has become a core subject that all brands attach great importance to.
There's a lot of experience in outer-shell materials, and there's a lot of building in the end areas of mobile phones, wearables, cars, etc., and the advantages of their core competitiveness are self-evident, while in the past two years the industry has continued to make large-scale reverse investments in new R & D, new processes, new processes.
There's Lance. In this pattern, Lance's competitive advantage is expanding rapidly, and downstream brand cores, the dependence of heart products on Lance's design and production, and we see that the increase in Lansco's crop rate is blocked; 3) there's another negative swing in trade friction between Central America and the United States.
Profit projections and financial indicators: the wind is the best way to look at it.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.