Newly high levels of profitability in the single quarter since the launch of the single quarter, and a global appearance: the company issued its three-quarter performance report in 2019, which achieved business income of $20.6 billion in the first three quarters, and the same as the other three quarters.
In the third quarter, the company realized a loss of net profits in the third quarter, and product innovation led to a significant increase in profitability: the company ' s revenue and net profit in the third quarter increased by 14.0 per cent and 108.6 per cent, respectively, in the first quarter of the third quarter of the year.
The six-month-old loss state, with total revenue and net profits rising by 8.4 per cent and 4.1 per cent in the first three quarters, respectively, resulted from the growth of demand for goods from traditional smart terminal core clients, wearable equipment, automobile applications, etc. The continuation in the fourth quarter of the current market situation of orders from core customers for additional end-products.
Also, the company's core product, glass lens, has gained recognition from the core customer end-of-consumption market and is a major driver of the company's profitability.
In the third quarter, both the Māori and the net profit rates improved significantly. While the cost of R&D continues to be invested, the rate of increase in revenue is manageable: in the first three quarters of 2019, the cost of the company decreased in the same way, and the cost of the third quarter improved significantly.
The first three quarters and the third quarter saw a similar increase, the management and sales costs were more effective, and as the size of the company continued to increase, the three cost rates as a whole were the first three quarters and the third quarter.
The fall of 0.5 and 1.1 percentage points in the same quarter, respectively, shows a positive improvement in the efficiency of the company's management. With a significant recovery in income and profits, the company has maintained a steady cash flow of its operations.
Advance, with a 18.0% increase in net cash flows from business activities in the previous three quarters over the same period, and a robust business situation. While outward-looking innovation boosts market demand, the full competitiveness of technology production is expected of the company: in terms of demand in the industry market, LansyTech: short-term pressure on the profitability of business, short-term pressure on business.
1) With flexible screens and 5g applications, smart terminals continue to be innovative in their appearance, including waterfall screens, multi-coloured rear glass, sandy-skinning, etc., as industrial innovation drives the core driving force of value enhancement; 2) end blues: short-term business challenges, building the foundations
The increase in the concentration of end-product brands has driven a synchronized drive in the concentration of the supply chain, with the benefits of breaking down industry leaders.
In areas such as 3d formation, coloring, surface handling, the company's technological reserves are abundant, product lines are complete, and Lancet: high- and middle-end products raise revenue for new products.
So, in terms of industry trends and the company’s own competitiveness, we keep looking at the future growth prospects of the company.
The demand for end-of-pipe innovative consumer markets, such as glass, is lower than expected.