BluesTech (300433) reports that the debt can be paid smoothly, and the company's new cycle of upswing is gradually opening up, strongly recommended (maintenance)
LEE RY (Research Assistant) December 5, 2019, Corporate Bulletin, “LanceTechnology (Hong Kong) Ltd., 2019, closed for exchange of corporate bonds (first issue)” (bonds, “19 Lanceeeb”, bond code, “117130)
In September 2018, Hong Kong Lanth, a shareholder in a company, proposed a private exchange of bonds to raise funds.
In April 2019, “19 Blues eb” was released, with a volume of $1.5 billion and bonds. On December 5, “19 Blues eb” completed the payment, foreclosure and de-carding process. In September 2018, Hong Kong’s controlling shareholder, Rance, held 2.952 billion shares, representing 74.85 per cent of the company’s total stock.
There were 147 million swaps (of 15 million swap bonds) during the 19th Lantheb life cycle, 2,805 million shares in Hong Kong, representing 67.50 per cent of the total stock of the company (in conjunction with the latest stock-sharing of the transferable debt), and the share share ratio declined from a more concentrated state and the equity structure was optimized.
In late October, we released an in-depth report entitled "RanceTechnology: A new cycle opening, the most beneficial target " , arguing that the investment main line was to be captured by demand and capacity utilization and profit elasticity, so that we thought that companies needed it.
We believe that companies are innovating, raising their value, and opening new cycle up. The value of glass covers is mainly in the shape (heat bends), processes (plating, fog, intensification, etc.) and so on, and that the end of Andre is now in place.
There are more and more physical innovations, and the potential for value is growing.a Clients are the main source of wide-span-lanth technology (300433)- company depth-new cycles, which are reflected in processes, plating, volcanic vent integration, etc., which increase the value of their glass sheets.
We expect a greater potential for glass panels, with the most beneficial targets – 20191031 5g and oled – to be opened. The industry has a high profile, the company is a global front-runner for appearances and spare parts.
The number of smart watches and tws headphones is estimated to be 78.48% of the total, and the company is a major part of the market. The company is the core strategic-level supplier of the world’s leading apparel brand, the company’s glass, sapphire, ceramics, touch control, etc.
Applies to medium- and high-end appliance devices, while companies, in combination with industry's most sophisticated appliance technology and volume of business, production power, deepening of integrated manufacturing advantages, increasing the appearance of wearable equipment and delivery of spare parts, client coverage of a customer, h client and Samsung's top-level high-quality customer, continuously leading and wearing equipment
Downstream client perspective, based on idc and strategyanalytics data, a client ' s iwatch and airpods account for more than 50% of the smart watch and tws headphone market, respectively. The company is a customer ' s core strategic supplier of blue stone material and ceramics, of which sapplewatch material is mainly used.
The company now owns the entire industrial chain manufacturing capacity for these two materials and has mature blues for the sapphire.
In the field of tws headphones, the company invests $9.047 million in equity – 15% of the shares.
An important odm/oem company in the area of goods, customers covering vivo, thugs, thugs, pirate ships, Anke, etc., a group of high-quality customers. Integrated company business layout and client advantage, companies are expected to continue to benefit from equipment to wear. Smart car business orders are robust, and high-quality customers can grow in the future.
With the consumer electronic lead glass sheet technology, the layout of smart car operations, and the advantage of the glass over the industrial chain, the company expands down-stream assembly operations as a module supplier, becoming a first-tier control provider for oem manufacturers.
This is due mainly to the longer cycle of certification of the automobile industry, and the fact that manufacturers do not usually change suppliers on the basis of safety and stability considerations. Companies expand horizontally from consumer electronics to smart automobiles, and would have received stable orders and revenues.
Reciprocal identity allows companies to effectively control the total cost, increase the value of their products, and increase their influence in the supply chain. For their clients, companies are the core strategic suppliers of Tesla, while Tesla has a status in the smart car industry, similar to the apples in consumer electronics, innovation and development in leading industries.
And it's going to be easier to open up. So, we're looking at the future of the company's smart car business, and as smart car sales warm, we expect the company's smart car industry to grow.
In December 18, 2019, at 10 a.m., the balance of blues (12303.sz) bonds was $1,821 million.
Research experience in the media sector. Continuous follow-up on cultural media and education, with a wealth of research experience in areas such as recreation, education, marketing services, publication and distribution. Focus on research and analysis in the industrial chain. Work on the value of investment from industrial supply and demand analysis and marginal changes in the industrial chain.
Invited to the Forum Forum for National Summit Exchanges, Business Strategic Advisory Exchanges on Listed Enterprises and Business Strategic Advisory Letters, 4th Floor, Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City