The year-round performance of alternative car and car spare parts was higher than expected, and product structure optimization contributed to higher profitability Events: the company released its 2020 performance report, bringing total operating income to $7,251 million, compared with the year-on-year
Looking back at the company's development in recent years, it gradually expanded from its native client Chiré to a single one, and then went up and up to the popular, the Audi project, and then opened up the solar system, such as Toyota, Honda.
The project also ranges from a low-mori light to a high-mori headlight business. Apart from total equity/flow (million shares), the company also benefits from the added value of the lights track.
47,631/47,631 Upgraded from traditional halogen lamps to led, followed by achievement of adb utility lamps, 12 months maximum/minimum in yuan
A step-by-step increase in the value and profitability of the bicycles. This is a firm firm company, from small to large, from simple to complex, solid base, constantly exceeding expectations.
Starwoo shares - Core clients continue to outperform expectations, company gross 2, review historical performance, and move out of the top-of-the-curve curve: the company started with the 2016 annual report and went to Starwoo shares (601799).
In particular, by 2020, because of the impact of the epidemic in the first half of the year, the net interest rate was one season, and the stock of Starwoos (601799), Reverse Wind to Sun-Starwoo II, was an all-time high. The net profit and the Maori high-speed rise in 2020 was mainly due to the adb light.
The new break-up is long-term: the red flag is the company's first-deb lamp volume client, and sales doubled in 2020.
The output of the company’s high-end led product and matrix lamps has grown dramatically. According to the car market, in 2021, the red flag target sold up to 400,000, a further reversal, will increase the profit margin and the profit margin of the profit company’s adb lights.
Horses, Mercedes, and other new customers have also made breakthroughs, looking forward to a real global breakthrough in the coming years, thanks to their very high product power, service power, and high prices. The company’s offshore factories are about to be put into production and have just entered the European market, starting with small lights and taillights, but they're still going to start manufacturing first.
On the basis of excellent historical performance and the inevitable path to cost optimization for the global car plant, a combination of two factors is expected to make globalization possible as soon as possible. Investment advice: domestic front-line companies, long-term good led light penetration, bicycles, etc.
Value enhancement; and company's complete technological reserves and capacity to open overseas markets.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.