The 2024 report foreplays: performance continues to increase, and looks good at the platform semiconductor equipment taps, thanks to company ccp etching equipment, pecvd, atomic deposition furnaces, stack cleaners.
Given the size of the company’s revenue collection, the platform’s advantages have gradually emerged. The profitability of 4 has been affected by the cost of equity incentives & capitalization of R & D costs:
The average interest rate for the median return and return net profit forecast for 24q4 companies is 11.8 per cent, approximately 20 per cent of the net return interest rate after excluding the impact of equity incentive costs, and a slight decline in the comparison, mainly due to a decrease in the capitalization rate of R & D inputs and a corresponding increase in cost-bearing R & D inputs.
▪ The indigenous semiconductor equipment platform company, which replaces the wave in the long-term beneficiary country with: 1) etching equipment for 12 inches of logic, storage, power, advanced encapsulation, etc., to achieve full coverage of silicon, metal medium etching processes. 2) film deposition equipment: breakthroughs on a number of nuclears, including pvd, cvd and ald.
North China: Three Quarterly Report 2024 Heart technique, 20-plus products such as copper interconnection film deposition, aluminium film deposition, etc. became the domestic mainstream core.
(c) Propulsion furnaces: medium-temperature oxidation/reflection furnaces, high-temperature oxidation/reflection furnaces, low-pressure chemical gas-phase deposition furnaces, batch atomic-layer deposition furnaces have become the bulk production equipment of the country ' s main household and are continuously receiving duplicate orders. (4) Extension furnaces: cover sic outliers,
Siligigan outliers, 6/8 inches of silicone outliers, etc. 5) Clean-up machines: North Huat (002371): 3-quarterly report 2024, single-share scrubbers covering all the ai/cu process, which is the preferred method for the back-tracking of mainstream domestic manufacturers.
(a) The platform; the slot scrubber has produced volume products on multiple clients and has been repeatedly ordered; and the announcement points: the performance has continued to increase, and the watchful platform, Toshio Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.