North Chinese (002371.sz) Electronic semiconductor equipment ii. Multiple new items break through the rich product matrix, and platform advantage drives profit growth. In 2024, companies made a lot of new products.
The new products, such as capacitive coupling of plasma etching equipment (ccp), plasma enhancement of chemical gas deposition (pecvd), atomic layer deposition furnaces, stack cleaners, etc., entered the customer production line and made bulk sales, enriched the company ' s product matrix and enhanced the integrity of the product layout.
With customer-centred values, focus on client needs, focus on product research and development, and focus on innovation, there are many key technological breakthroughs in the field of primary products. With excellent product and technology advantages, the company’s market share has steadily expanded, the market rate has increased significantly, and the cost rate has been effectively reduced, resulting in the net profit attributed to the shareholders of listed companies in 2024.
An advanced node led the semiconductor industry to expand, and is expected to launch 18 new crystal-crystal mills worldwide in 25 years. The energy side, based on semi data, is driven by cutting-edge technology in high-performance computing applications, and the generation of the ai side.
The semiconductor production capacity is expected to accelerate further, with annual growth in crystal circle production in 2025 projected at 6.6 per cent, reaching 33.6 million wpm. Of this, (1) advanced node: the semiconductor industry is stepping up.
So chip manufacturers are actively expanding their capacity at advanced nodes (7 nm and below), with an expected annual growth rate of 16%. Mainstream nodes: driven by China’s continental chip self-control strategy and the expected need for automobile and object networking applications.
Maturity nodes (50 nm and above): mature technology nodes are undergoing moderate expansion, reflecting a slow recovery in the market, North China: 24q3 performances are high, platform advantages Plants, based on semi data, semiconductor industries are expected to start 18 new crystalry mills in 2025
The new project includes three 200mm and 15 300mm facilities, most of which are expected to be operational from 2026 to 2027. Of these, three new crystal circle plants are expected to be added to mainland China, and one in Taiwan.
North China’s performance in the first three quarters is expected to continue to grow, and the city’s share is rising steadily – Chinese securities – electronics – North China’s creation – North China’s innovation: shaping etching/film deposition/cleaning/heat treatment
Platform enterprises, in-depth beneficiary-substitution strategy development - Joaquin North China: 24h1 is expected to result in net profit from mother-to-manufacturing and self-controllable strategic development, which is expected to drive the demand for advanced production/advanced containment equipment.
40% of platform-based business support in the advanced encapsulation industry - to build platform-based semiconductor equipment will benefit fully from the growth in demand and the acceleration of the process of nationalization, with long-term growth
High-powered. Keeping the “buy-in” rating. North China. Platform-based corporate size effects are highlighted, long-term growth dynamics are strong - Joaquin securities-electronics-North China-public
Period risk; demand below expected risk; macroeconomic and industry volatility risk; international trade friction risk.