Tagger Medicine (300347) □ Performance meets expectations, clinical test self-checking and losses of Korean affiliates affect corporate profits Performance meets previous expectations, clinical test techniques in 2016 due to the impact of clinical test self-check verification
Technical services projects are affected and cost increases; and Korea’s dreamcis is still at a price-for-price stage, with business integration at a slower rate than expected and is still in a loss state. At the same time, clinical trial contracts typically have long service periods, and price increases for clinical trial technical services are temporarily not reflected in performance.
In 2016, the investment returns were close to $30 million, of which the net proceeds from the transfer of pharmaceutical equity in the Amazon were about 26 million; the share transfer from the Xinjiang Thai equity partnership (limited partnership) was about $3.84 million for the transfer of the shares in the Amazon.
Some of the future projects are expected to yield significant returns to companies in the form of exits. □ Inner + outreach + policy multi-factor drive a return to a high rate of growth in corporate performance
Inquiries will continue to grow at a high level; the negative effects of clinical self-censorship are being phased out, and the implementation of the clinical batch release and consistency evaluation resulting from the reform will directly increase the be-project order. Meanwhile, the pre-cro-based subsidiaries of the United States have a strong capacity to take over the pharmaceutical project.
At the same time, companies are actively involved in the development of innovative business models, promoting strategic cooperation, and using the participating M & As Fund to find excellent M & As (which has already been approved by the Procure Crote-Téon-Terre).
The cro industry is facing an ice point, but the high standard requirements associated with the clinical batch release and consistency evaluation of the pharmacological reform will be of direct benefit to the industry, and the company, as the leader, will benefit directly from market expansion.
The announcement points: Stakeholder plans are launched to highlight the current prices of the shares 81 times, 51 times and 40 times, respectively, maintaining the company's “buy-in” rating.
Consistency evaluation policy does not advance as expected; projects do not progress as expected; business integration risks. In-depth report: consistency evaluation support companies return to high levels without rating - none due to lack of access to the necessary information, or because companies face significant uncertainties in terms of unforeseen results, or for other reasons
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.