The company's performance was in line with our previous expectations, as a result of the impact of the clinical test self-checking in 2016.
Projects for clinical trial technical services have been affected and operating costs have increased; and Korea’s dreamcis is still at a price-for-price stage, with net profits in a loss state, delaying company performance.
The net after-tax return on part of Assin’s pharmaceutical equity is about $26 million; the net after-tax gain on the transfer of part of Xinjiang’s medical equity by the investment partnership (limited partnership) is about $3.84 million. The return on investment is about 20% of the net profits of the company, and it is important for the company to stabilize its performance.
The pre-arrangement M & As fund has invested more than $400 million, and future exits are expected to continue to yield returns to the company. □ Inner + Extension + Policy multi-factor drive a return to high growth in company performance
Consultancy-type operations will continue to grow at a high rate without policy implications; negative effects of clinical self-censorship verification are being phased out, and the implementation of the clinical batch release and consistency evaluation resulting from the pharmacological reform will increase directly the Gabe project order.
With a strong absorptive capacity, performance is expected to be higher than expected with the introduction of consistency evaluations. At the same time, companies are actively involved in the development of innovative business models for new medicines, promoting strategic cooperation and using participating M & As funds to find excellent M & As (CrotetoneTerre has been approved).
The cro industry is facing an ice point, but the implementation of clinical batch release and consistency evaluation as a result of the pharmacological reform will directly benefit the cro industry. We maintain the forecast of company performance, which is low in 2016.
The shareholding plan was launched to highlight development confidence, buy-in, and the tri-quarter evaluation of the Teg Pharmacy (300347): the consistency evaluation policy did not advance as expected; the project was not progressing as expected; and business integration risks.
In-depth report on Tiger Medicine (300347): Consistency evaluation support companies return to high growth, buy-in, no rating - none due to lack of access to the necessary information, or because the company faces significant uncertainties in terms of unforeseeable results, or for other reasons
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.