Quarterly revenue growth of 67 per cent, 12 inches of ipd platform to production phase Shinko semiconductor.
Net profits amounted to $1,095 million (yoy+2.78%), and the Māori rate fell by 6.5 pct to 46.45%. 1q24 received 42% increase in RHF module income in 2023 compared to 36%.
The 6-inch filter has actually been delivered over 8,000 pieces/month, and the I-patid integrated into the homemade max-saw is in the engineering sample phase. The product class of the company's self-built filter line has made a full breakthrough with the capacity to produce the scale of products such as double/four worksmen, single chip multi-frequency filters, and has introduced the integration from the home.
The product difem, l-difem, gps module, high-end model l-femid, among others, max-saw has achieved a high rate of bulk production with a gradual increase in the volume of goods delivered. The company’s 6-inch filter line’s first production capacity is planned to be 10,000 units per month, and the second production capacity has increased to 16,000 units per month.
By the end of 2023, the actual delivery had exceeded 8,000 units per month. The l-patid product of 1q24 integrated company, which produced max-saw itself, was in the engineering sample phase from “0” to “1”.
The 12-inch-ipd platform has been officially transferred to the production phase. In the first quarter of 2024, the company's 12-inch-ipd platform has been officially transferred to the production phase, and the production of the ipd filters has fully demonstrated the high accuracy of the 12-inch process, its structure sophistication, etc., by integrating the related module products of the self-produced ipd filter, i-pamif, ifem, etc.
The company continues to invest in the production capacity of advanced radio-frequency front-end chips and modules based on 12 inches of crystal circle, and is constantly exploring new technology, product patterns and industry applications to develop new-quality productivity to accelerate the construction of “smart-making” major competitiveness.
Pooling resources to create value for clients. Investment proposal: A RF front-end product platform, maintaining a buy-in rating.
The Division has formed a platform for radio-frequency front-end products to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Three-quarter Māori recovery rate, filter project progressing well
Figure 8: Main rates of companies. Author ' s assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality through reasonable judgement and conclusion without any third party ' s approval or influence; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject