The Chinese Academy of Sciences promoted China as a nation.
A country based on the major scientific findings of the “863” programme has now achieved a net profit of 1,135 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 37.98 per cent over the same period; a net profit of 753 million for the production and manufacture of high-performance computers, general servers and storage.
Products, and software development, systems integration and technology services around high-end computers. Companies are home-grown high-performance calculations with high performance expectations in 2021, and high-scenario performance is validated. Companies achieved net return profits of 1.14 billion in 2021.
The number of leading firms in the field was increased by 38%, net profit after deduction was $750 million, or 43.2%, and the performance of high-performance computers was validated at the 35th Global Supercomputers.
In 2021, about 200 million yuan worth of asset impairments (of which inventory impairments were about 100 million, intangible assets impairments were about 30 billion times the peak of the system in "top 500 " (3pflops) and actual linpacks were 1271 thousand per second)
At the same time, the increase in the overall asset impairment of $50 million was significant, mainly because of the trillion-dollar stock price spread and the second-largest global performance, with some controllable impact. The high growth in corporate performance was due mainly to two factors, one being the high Māori rate.
The continued increase in the share of the world’s third ultra-national production server, with more than a billion performance measurements, is expected to lead to a significant increase in the overall Maori rate; and the second is the expected good performance of companies such as Sealight Information, which is participating in the world, and a significant profit contribution factor in 2021.
In the performance rating of 2021h1, we prejudged that the replacement of server national production with the optimization of competitive patterns, among other things, would result in the expected disclosure of new opportunities in the company ' s annual report 2022-03-31, and that future companies were expected to continue to lead with product technology and ecological advantages, which would be long-term for the company.
The server sector growth is strongly influenced by downstream demand and policy, and sector expansion is critical to the growth of pioneer producers. Several ministries, such as the UNDP Development and Reform Commission, have recently issued joint circulars agreeing to launch the construction of a national computing hub node at eight locations and have planned for 10.
The National Data Centre Cluster, “East and West” project, has been officially launched. To date, the size of the country's idc has reached 5 million standard aircraft frames with a capacity of 130 eflops (130 billion floats per second).
It is expected that the growth rate will continue at more than 20% per year. The “East West” policy has once again reaffirmed the fundamental role of arithmetic in the digital transition trend, and the associated landing policies have been introduced in various locations to facilitate the scaling up of projects.
The most basic hardware form of cloud computing is a variety of servers, with arithmetic expansion directly increasing server demand, and domestic market expansion is bringing significant market opportunities to server producers. In addition, the current server market, where domestic production rates are still low, has a double advantage for domestic producers.
Sealight information under the flag, as the country’s cpu tap, will fully benefit from the trend of national production substitution. x86 is still the main server structure, usually costing more than 40% of the server.
Light information, as a national product x 86 architecture cpu, has become an important cpu supplier for companies, and changes should have a significant impact on dawn performance. According to the Sealight Information Bulletin, the share of sealight information chips in service chips in 2020 was about 5%, with business earnings of $1,022 million that year, an increase of 168%.
The current domestic production penetration rate in the server sector is still low, there is wide room for substitution, there will be greater synergy between the sea and corporate business, and dawn will continue to benefit from a common market opening strategy. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: corporate performance growth was validated in 2021, with industries facing countries.
Production replaces important historical opportunities, and the East and West Count project has brought about new business growth that is expected to build new growth.
The value of the pe is 31 and 25 times higher, respectively. At the current low point in the valuation, a firm view of the alternative trends in national production and the company's leading position has been moved up to a “strongly recommended” rating.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Central Science Dawn (603019): In keeping with the trend of cpu national production, 21 performers out of expectations Sun is very familiar with policy hot spots and trend forward analysis in the computer industry, and is good at intelligence hardware, industrial Internet, cloud computing, block chains, etc.
The research assistant profile Jang Young-ja is the researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.