Performance supermarket expectations, state-owned high-end computational ecology are gradually improving, and we highly value the company's core technological strength and the country's weight, and we maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Taking into account the positive business trends of companies, the gradual improvement of the eco-economy of high-end calculations of national production, the high-growth performance of companies in 2021, and the remarkable performance of high-end calculations of ecological layouts of national production, the company released its fast-track 2021 performance report, which is expected to generate operating income of $11,183 million, an increase of 10.06 per cent over the same period;
• Sealight information is now on the market, and companies are expected to benefit from revalued products such as the Sealight General Processor (cpu) and the Sea Light Association Processor (dcu).
Sealight I and Sealight II have been commercialized for a wide range of applications in telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, and transport. Meanwhile, Sealight III is in the validation phase, and Sealight IV is in the research and development phase. Sealight dcu is in the production phase.
Between 2018 and 2020, sealight information generated revenues of 0.48, 379 and 1,022 million yuan, an increase of 255 per cent over the same period. The Division holds 32.1 per cent of the shares in sealight information, and the company is expected to benefit from a revaluation of its value.
In the area of industrial innovation, the X86-structured sealight server has an advantage in the market based on ecology and high performance.
Please accept, speed up the construction of advanced computing eco-banks, the Bank of Agriculture and Development in Hong Kong, and others. Previously, we also received a good share of the market in the national tender for telecommunications, connectivity, and the movement of the three major operators, thus demonstrating the company’s competitiveness in the area of industrial innovation.
The corporate update - performance close to forecast argues that sealight information will benefit highly from the development of the industry ' s IT market to achieve sustained high growth.