A 40% increase in non-performance, and industry's credit strategy driving the growth of champions, \triangleright, 23/02/22.
According to this performance report, the company ' s net profit of 2021q4 was 668 million yuan, an increase of 34 per cent in the same year; operating income of 46.91 billion yuan, an increase of 12 per cent in the same year, was higher than overall operating income.
In terms of net interest rates, the operations went well, and sales, ecology, etc., were better. In terms of business layout, the company kept the needle on high-end computers, storage, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, network security, autonomous software, and new I.
Research and development, such as energy-efficient infrastructure, creates a complete and secure technological system that creates good conditions for the industrialization of the company’s core technologies. In the ecological area, companies are expanding their cooperation in upstream and downstream industrial chains, actively laying out the areas of disaggregation, and the joint venture’s sealight information 2021h1 business income has increased by 113 per cent on a year-on-year basis;
With regard to sales, the company has marketing branches in 30 provinces and municipalities throughout the country, as well as the Government, 1. Central Science and Technology Sunlight (603019).
Industry-led firms are expected to benefit from the trend of innovation in the industry, and “to the west” is likely to be added to the company. \triangleright assessment: sharp increases in non-net profits, profits of subsidiaries
According to the Company Consortium's Sealight Information Repository (to be placed on the market), the products of many well-known domestic server manufacturers, such as Wave, Conspicuous, Xinhua, have been loaded with sealight cpu chips and successfully obtained finance, capacity 3.
The Sealight dcu series was evaluated in March 2021: it was profitable, the business as a whole was put out in a robust fashion, small batches of production had been completed, and it was hoped that it would be widely used in large data processing, people and people in the future.
At the same time, the “East and West” policy is continuing, and under the National Integrated Big Data Center System layout, the whole of the country’s data centre system will be fully operational.
The country is expected to deploy eight computing hubs that will lead large, mega data centres to converge within the hubs and form a cluster of data centres. “East West” will lead to the construction of anict infrastructure, such as servers, which is expected to generate long-term benefits for companies’ national production of chips, servers, computing, etc.
The pairs are 43x, 33x, and 28x, respectively. Wind is chosen as an alternative block, with a 22-year average of 36x for the relevant company (coherently expected by Wind), and the company has a certain valuation advantage and maintains a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.