Centre for Resource and Environmental Research
During the first half of the year, the iron and steel industry was under pressure, the metal smelting and pressurizing industry lost 68.7 per cent of the same profit, and in "Dual 1. "The steel taps are at double cost, and the net profit is at a robust rate."
In a new development pattern, the demand for steel has continued to grow steadily. In the first half of the year, the company achieved sales of 7.68 million tons of steel, decentralized downstream applications, weak cyclical properties resistant to market sector fluctuations and robust operations.
The company currently has more than 16 million tons of steel production capacity, compared with 31% of the downstream applications of corporate products in the first half of the year: cars (21 years compared to 2 pcts), echoes, falling demand for bearings, automobile steel, etc., in a market environment where companies adapt their variety structures in a timely manner and improve.
The new energy sector, export-related products, energy steel and wind power demand, passed 1.8 million tons in the first half of the year, the same 98 per cent increase in wind and gear steel sales, the same 33 per cent increase in wind bearing steel, and the same 820,000 tons in the first half of the year, an increase of 12 per cent, and the same 50 per cent increase in export earnings.
There has been an increase in research and development, and progress has been made on a number of products. Companies aim to tackle the “cricket” technology and strengthen the “fist” product, and multi-product plates have made a breakthrough in research and development.
The steel for vehicle control arm was developed successfully and supplied in bulk; the line plate was used by a company in the country to guide the bottom of the vehicle, the parts were replaced with hot rolls to replace United States imports, etc.; the plate plate was first developed to develop the maximum thickness container in the 105 mm thick country. The company planned over 30 new products of the "3+1" priority.
The pre-study project achieved significant milestones and milestones in terms of product price volatility risk; overseas demand reduction risk as a result of the epidemic; and the release of the risk from sales shares.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment