In mid-2022, we reported robust performance, resistant to the cycle of iron and steel, leading the industry, and strong performance. In the first half of the year, we were faced with an epidemic and a decline in demand in the steel industry.
During the single season, companies continued to reduce efficiency gains, generating 27,244 million yuan, a 10.85 per cent ring-to-ring increase, flexible product structure adjustments, and weakening the negative impact of demand. The main areas of application of the company’s products include auto industry, mechanical industry, energy industry, etc., and as market demand changes, companies actively adjust the variety structure.
In the first half of the year, the company followed the wind and power markets, with the energy sector rising to a 52-week high/minimum price of 24%, with a record high sales of large circles and continued to be the country's first-highest market, wind and tooth.
Turn steel sales have increased by 98% over the same period, and wind bearings by 33% over the same year. At the same time, the company has taken advantage of its ability to develop with its clients and to transfer costs.
Industry leads clients maintain long-term strategic cooperation. Higher customer stickyness and high-end product orientation make companies more cost-driven. The Māori ratio of company-specific steel products remained at 16.14 per cent in the first half of the year, a decline of 1.28 percentage points from the previous year, well above the average in the steel industry.
With the complete completion of the Qingjia Steel Renewal Project, the company has the capacity to produce more than 16 million tons of special steel per year, creating a chain layout for the coastal industry. The company sold 7.68 million tons of steel in the first half of the year, an increase of 1.72 per cent, and the highest single month.
At 1.42 million tons, a record high. During the 14th Five-Year Period, the company managed to achieve an annual special steel production surplus, "Sino-Sintet Steel (000708.sz) - product structure optimized, performance increased steadily" -- 20 million tons, with much room for growth. At the same time, the company has been increasing its research and development efforts to solve the problem of "Cards."
In the first half of the year, the company’s R & D rate increased to 4.13%, and in the T-shirt Review – 000708-2021 Quarterly: A steady driver of internal growth – continued progress in the area of research and development of key materials.
Midpoint Review: Performance is rising on a seasonal basis, and the added value of the Division ' s products will be further enhanced.
China Sinte Steel - 000708 - 2020 Quarterly Review: Fearless Outbreak Disturbing, Resisting Cycles, Clear Growth Paths, High Market Positions, Good Performance, and Very Short Standard for the Special Steel Industry. Companies with high-end products flourishing, profitable, and we adjust little bits of our performance plan.
In the first half of the year, faced with the adverse effects of the epidemic and the decline in demand in the steel sector, the company actively adjusted its product structure to effectively withstand market volatility. The business income was 51,822 million yuan, 5.57 per cent more than the previous year, and the net profit of the mother was 3,777 million yuan, 9.81 per cent less. In the first quarter of the second quarter, the company continued to fall.
The main areas of use of the company’s products include automobiles, mechanics, energy, etc., where, as market demand changes, the company actively adjusts the variety structure and enhances the value added of its products. During the first half of the year, the company followed the wind and power market up, raising the share of the energy sector to 24%.
Founding large circle sales are at an all-time high and continue to be the highest in the country, with wind-toothed steel sales increasing by 98% and wind-axis bearing steel increasing by 33%. At the same time, companies have taken advantage of overseas market opportunities, developed together with their customers in the first half of the year, and have a strong capacity to transfer costs.
Highly customized services and forward-intervention marketing models maintain long-term strategic collaboration with a large number of users, especially downstream industry leaders. Higher customer stickyness and high-end product positioning make companies more cost-difficult. In the first half of the year, the Māori ratio of company-specific steel products remained at 16.14 per cent, down 1.28 from the same period the previous year.
With the complete completion of the Qingjia Steel Renewal Project, the company has the capacity to produce more than 16 million tons of special steel per year, forming a chain of coastal industries.
Six months ago, the company sold 7.68 million tons of steel, an increase of 1.72%, and a single month’s peak of 1.42 million tons, a record high. During the 14th Five-Year Plan, the company managed to produce more than 20 million tons of steel per year, with greater scope for growth.
In the first half of the year, corporate R & D costs increased to 4.13%, and progress has been made in the area of critical materials research and development. In April, the company successfully released $5 billion in debt-transferable funds, of which $1.2 billion was to be used for the “3+1” product system optimization upgrade project, pending completion of the two- and three-phase conversion projects.
Value added will be further enhanced. Figure 5: Corporate steel product sales (tonnes) Figure 6: Corporate product application classification (%)
Figure 7: Sub-product Māori (millions of yuan) Figure 8: Sub-product Māori Rate (%)
The company’s high-end products are booming, profitable, and we have slightly adjusted the original performance projections. The authors are expected to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free of any third party approval or influence; the authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.