The company's efforts to build a global leader with core hydraulic components and hydraulic pressure by integrating global technology research and development resources.
Systems-wide solutions design and manufacturing capacity suppliers. We expect a recovery in net-efficiency engineering machinery from 2017 to 2019, with an explosive growth in the dredge hydraulic tank: the company is the world’s first producer of hydraulic tanks, and the product of the dredgers is about the same as in the domestic market.
50% of the main clients include three-time workers, Xu, Willows, and the world-wide mainframe, Caterpillar. Since the second half of 2016, capital investment has been high, real estate investment has stabilized, excavators have been used, excavator equipment has entered the renewal cycle, and the excavator industry has operated.
With the continuation of warmth, the company ' s dredging tanks showed an explosive growth, with 155,000 excavators sold in the first half of 2017, representing an increase of 163 per cent in revenue over the same period.
During the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan, the construction of the national subway project was at a peak, generating a large number of shielding units and generating investment needs. The company is the main supplier of the domestic shield tank, with downstream customers including iron and steel construction, iron and steel equipment, pine, etc., whose revenues increased by 137% in the first half of 2017.
The products of the cylinder cover downstream industries such as marine industry, high-altitude platforms, wind power, etc., and the downstream demand of the beneficial ship, the seamen, etc., warmed back in 2017, while the sales of non-flagged tanks and revenues continued to grow faster. • Small dig pump valves are cut into domestic mainframe plants, and new products are expected to continue to be released:
After many years of research and development, the company ' s small-scale pump valve product (high pressure column pump plus multi-road control valve) has successfully entered the domestic tap plant, including the Tri-One Project, which, although currently under-owned by the city, is of the same quality and technology as its foreign counterparts and has a price lower than that of its foreign competitors and is fully real.
We expect new products, such as small-scale pump valves, medium-dump valves, hydraulic systems, to continue to be released. Hydraulic market demand has grown steadily, with domestic import replacement space exceeding $10 billion.
1.1. The global hydraulic market has been growing steadily, with China becoming the second largest consumer country in 2016. According to Isc, the global hydraulic product market reached €28.2 billion in 2016, an increase of 66 per cent over the 2000 €17 billion, with an average compound acceleration rate per year.
Over 3%. By region, the demand for hydraulic products is concentrated in the United States, Europe, Japan, China and Taiwan; the United States (34%), China (28%), Germany (11%), Japan (6%) and Italy (6%) are the top five consumers globally.
On a global scale, China’s market has seen the fastest growth in demand and a significant increase in its market position. In 2000-2016, the domestic hydraulic market was rapidly expanded from €500 million to €79 billion (approximately €60 billion), with growth in absolute size more than 14 times, raising its share of the global market from 3% to 28%; during the same period, the United States market collapsed.
Figure 2: China ' s hydraulic market as a percentage of the world ' s 28 per cent in 2016 maintained growth in the size of the world ' s main hydraulic market (except Japan), with domestic import replacement space exceeding 10 billion yuan, and engineering machinery as the largest downstream market
The domestic hydraulic market was about 58 billion yuan in 2016, with a domestic production value of over 50 billion yuan. According to data from China ' s Association of Hydraulic Sealed Industries, the domestic hydraulic component market had a capacity of about 58 billion yuan in 2016 and had remained stable in recent years; moreover, it had benefited from investment in the country ' s $4 trillion economic stimulus policy since 2008, with hydraulic lines.
With 48.8 billion yuan a year, with an average annual compound growth rate of 12.65%, it has gradually moved to a relatively stable and mature stage, with industrial growth remaining at a relatively stable level, with a total industrial output of about $51 billion in 2016. The domestic hydraulic industry has a large but not strong pattern, with medium- and high-end hydraulic products permanently dependent on imports, and domestic high-quality enterprise surfaces.
Good opportunity. The late start of hydraulic technology, the relatively weak accumulation of technology, and the gap between domestic and foreign firms in the accumulation of hydraulic components and manufacturing experience have objectively created a long-term dependence on imports of high-end hydraulic components in the country. In 2016, we imported about $1.55 billion into the hydraulic sector, and in late 2016 we imported about $1.55 billion.
The current exchange rate is equivalent to about RMB 10.8 billion, the export/import deficit is about RMB 7 billion, and imports of hydraulic products account for about 20% of the size of the domestic hydraulic market. The wide range of medium- and high-end hydraulic applications, with over RMB 10 billion in market space, as well as the characteristics of high product annex values and high Māori rates, represents a huge increase for high-quality hydraulic component enterprises in the country.
In 2016, the domestic hydraulic market was about 58 billion yuan, and in 2016, the GDP of the domestic hydraulic industry was about 51 billion yuan.
In the case of mid-drawling, hydraulic systems account for about 35% of the value of excavators, and hydraulic cores for about 22%. Diggers are usually equipped with a primary high-pressure pump (the tilt-axis block pump), a main valve (the multi-road control valve), four high-pressure hydraulic tanks, a rectangular motor and a deceleration machine, two walk variables, motors and planets, first
In the case of medium-sized excavators, for example, the entire unit cost about $400,000, and the hydraulic system cost about $141 to $150,000, or about 35 per cent of the value of the excavator. The core hydraulic element is worth about $85,000 to $100,000, or over 22 per cent; of this, the unit price of the tank exceeds $5,000, or about 5 per cent; the main pump, main valve, is about 5 per cent.
The main hydraulic elements used in the excavator's interior are about 35% of the value of the excavator's hydraulic system.
In 2017, the market for the core hydraulic elements of the excavator (pumps, valves, tanks, motors) was close to $10 billion, and the hydraulic system was more than $15 billion. According to data from the Engineering and Mechanical Industry Association, the excavator tank was sold throughout the year 2017 and measured at about $2.2 billion in the domestic tank market; the total unit cost of the pump plus valves was $25,000, or $55,000.
RMB, $85,000 to measure the domestic market for the excavator pump valves of about $6.1 billion; $1,500, $4,000, $7,500 for the motor and three motors for the single machine of about $1.3 billion for the domestic dredger market. The total market demand for the core component is about $9.6 billion, based on 35% hydraulic system and 22% core component, 2017.
By the end of 2017, a total of 34 cities in the country had completed 5033 km of shipping lines, with a total of 6218 km in length.
In addition, the network of urban rail lines in 62 cities has been approved, reaching a total of 7,293 km. The total value of new contracts for urban orbital traffic was 23.7 billion yuan, 423.6 billion yuan and 48.9 billion yuan.
The peak of the construction of the Geo-City Orbital Transport Project (mainly the metro, light track) will strongly support the growth in the demand for tunnel drilling equipment, represented by the shield. Domestic orbital transport is at an all-time high in length.
In 2017, domestic investment in urban orbital transport grew by 24%, and the market for shield hydraulics was significant, with a total demand of more than $12 billion between 2018 and 2020. The majority of the iron and steel tunnels currently under construction were built by shield machines, together with future tunnels, road and rail tunnels, underground stops.
There will also be more and more use for shielding in areas such as the garage, and we expect that the total demand for domestic shielding will reach 1,200 units between 2018 and 2020, at a unit cost of $40 million, corresponding to the market size of about $48 billion. On the other hand, hydraulic systems (pumps, motors, valves) account for about 11-12% of the cost of shielding, corresponding to market regulations.
Modified at about $5.5 billion, propulsion systems (shells and propulsion hydraulic cylinders, thumped hydraulic cylinders) accounted for about 13-15%, fuel tank speeds, pump valves, domestic hydraulic taps open up new space for growth, and companies mainly produce high-end hydraulic products such as fuel tanks, pumps, valves.
(b) In this context, the subsidiary has primary responsibility for the development and production of new products such as hydraulic pump valves, motors, test pads, hydraulic valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, hydraulic test tables and high-precision hydraulic castings;
Figure 9: The company’s main hydraulic products showed an upsurge in performance in 2017, and its competitiveness is expected to increase further. The company’s downstream customers are distributed mainly among walk machines represented by excavators, underground drilling equipment represented by shields, ships, port machines.
In 2017, the company’s performance increased rapidly, benefiting from the recovery of the domestic engineering and machinery industry and the release of hydraulic pump valves. The constant hydraulic pressure of 2017q3 generated operating income of 2,027 million yuan, an increase of 110 per cent over the previous year.
A net profit of $277 million, a 573 per cent increase in the same year, and an announcement of a projected net profit of $370-40 million for the year as a whole, an increase of 426-46 per cent over the same period. We believe that as the company’s products are phased out, the market share in the mainframe plant is expected to increase continuously, competitiveness is expected to increase further, and import substitution in other areas will be accelerated.
In recent years, the company has continued to improve the strategic layout of its operations by investing in the construction of high-pressure, compact hydraulic castings, hydraulic valves, pump production bases, and the expansion and layout of overseas markets through the acquisition of companies such as the German Waco, the German Haweinline, and the new companies in Chicago, Japan and Tokyo.
The company combines global technology research and development resources, building on China’s manufacturing advantages, and is working to create a global leader with a global solution for core hydraulic components and hydraulic systems as a whole.
The company has issued a performance forecast for 2017, which allows for a net head of the parent company, a relatively scarce target, and a “recommended” rating for the first time covered.
Since 2017, the engineering and machinery industry has recovered more rapidly, with high downstream demand, and if future investments in fixed assets, such as infrastructure and real estate, are to decline faster in the domestic sector and start downstream at a slower pace, this may lead to an overall decline in the demand for engineering machinery, represented by excavators, a corresponding reduction in the demand for hydraulic parts and a reduction in market space.
It also increases competition in the domestic hydraulic sector. 4.2, increased competition in the market, increased investment by domestic hydraulic firms in recent years, and significant breakthroughs in R & D and production processes.
Multi-firms have both technical and business contacts with foreign giants, and progress has been evident; increased domestic competition may affect the prices of corporate products and hence profitability. 4.3, uncertainty about overseas operations.
In 2016, companies accounted for about 30 per cent of their overseas operations and were in a long-term relationship with international engineering machinery, Caterpillar, as well as overseas market expansion and layout through mergers and acquisitions of enterprises such as German Waco, German Haweinline, and new companies in Chicago, United States of America and Tokyo, Japan; exchange rate uncertainty; and trade between China and the United States
The uncertainty of the war could lead to a degree of instability in the globalization of companies and in overseas operations.