iii. High growth in tank operations and replacement of taps by hydraulic pump valves
The interest rate was 13.63 per cent. The operating income was 970 million yuan in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 74.38 per cent in the same year, and the net profit of the mother was a high increase in the annual tank business, with 274.1 million digger tanks, an increase of 99.24 per cent in the same year.
Mineral metallurgical machinery The cylinders are used mainly in shielding units, seaworks and cranes, but also in the fields of photovoltaic power generation and offshore wind power.
Hydraulic pump valves are beginning to be released to accelerate national production alternatives: during the reporting period, major breakthroughs were made by corporate liquid pump valves, of which the company ' s autonomous research and development of 15-t and sub-digger master pump valves have been made available in bulk to the country ' s taphead backbone plants, such as Xu, ISP, and Willow. National production replacements were also applied to small excavators under 15t.
The second-generation pump valve system is also promoted at the mainframe plant, where product performance indicators go beyond the first-generation product, providing assurance that client diversification options will now be further met and that market occupancy will be enhanced: the development of medium- and large-scale pump valve products accelerates, and small batch-backed mainframe plants.
Zhang Jing's share in the mainframe plant is expected to increase gradually, taking up market space, and later on, with the increase in sales, the profitability of the business continues to grow and the overall profitability of the company has increased significantly: the overall Māori rate of sales of the company in 2017 and the ratio of Māori sales in the company as a whole.
Wang Zhijie Fan Jae-min has benefited from an improvement in the downstream industry, the company has been expanding its overseas market, and the revenue from overseas sales has been increasing year by year, 2017.
Overseas sales revenue increased by 60.44 per cent over the same period, while corporate sales and management costs decreased significantly compared to the same period last year, and the impact of scale, coupled with the improved quality of corporate business management, increased corporate profitability.
Stereo hydraulic pressure: The fuel tank demand is strong and reheating for the small dig pump valves and 1.52 dollars, which corresponds to 30, 23 and 19 times the pe, and given the continuity of the excavator recovery, the company's hydraulic valve pumps are starting to run, and we have an upward rating of the company as buying-a.
Stereotyping: promoting domestic expansion of the Ninley brand, industry back, Stereotyping: full effort to build hydraulic system taps, non-scaling oils, first, beneficial downstream highs, high growth in corporate performance.
(i) The outbreak of the engineering and machinery industry and the significant growth in corporate revenue and profits The company issued its annual report for 2017, which generated operating income of $2,795 million, an increase of 104.02 per cent over the year, belonging to the mother-in-law The rhesus hydraulic pressure is a company that specializes in the production of hydraulic components and hydraulic systems, and has evolved from hydraulic tank manufacture to including hydraulic fluids
Integrated enterprises for the development and manufacture of products such as cylinders, hydraulic pump valves, hydraulic systems, hydraulic test stations and high-precision hydraulic casts.
Lower-lying clients include the world’s top 500 and world-renowned host customers, such as Caterpillar, Japanese Steam Steel, Japan Construction Machine, Kubota, Trinity, Xu, Willow, Chinese Iron, and Iron Heavy Industries. In 2017, driven by policy measures such as increased State investment in infrastructure development and environmental emissions upgrading, the engineering and machinery market
The company also benefited fully from the continued warming, strong demand for the replacement of old equipment, and a high profile in the engineering and machinery industry, with 1.403 million excavated units sold throughout the year, an increase of nearly 100%. The company, as an upstream core parts manufacturer of engineering machinery, was in short supply of fuel tanks. Of this, the company sold 274.1 million oil tanks for excavators throughout the year, an increase of 99.24% compared to the 99.24% for heavy non-standards.
One hundred and seventy-five thousand tanks, an increase of 89.02 per cent over the same period. Currently, the domestic market of the company's excavator tanks is close to 50 per cent, the non-collar tanks are mainly used in shielding units, seaworks and cranes, and there are breakthroughs in the fields of thermal power generation, offshore wind power, and the fuel tanks are currently strained, the supply of the tanks is in short supply, the tanks as a whole were 5 to 30 per cent higher in March, and the tanks' operations are at a high price, and there are still expectations of higher prices in the future.
(ii) The scale effect and managerial capacity are gradually reflected in the overall increase in corporate profitability The year 2017 was a year of better performance, with significant growth in both revenue and profits, and higher corporate costs, except for better downstream industries.
In the meantime, the impact of scale and management capacity have gradually become apparent, and corporate profitability has increased. The company ' s Māori, operating and net profit rates have risen by 10.80, 10.57 and 10.80 and 10.57, respectively, over the year 2017.
The net operating cash flow of companies improved significantly, with a net operating cash flow of 154 million in 2017. Figure 7: Efficiency of operations over the past six years.
(i) Break-through of small dredging pumps valves up to 15t. During the reporting period, sub-company hydraulics developed autonomously and developed primary pump valves for diggers up to 15t have been bulk-packed with domestic trunk cores such as workers Xu, improvists and Willows. Also applicable to the second-generation pump valve system for small excavators up to 15t
(hp5v axle pump and hvse series multi-circuit control valves) are also promoted at the mainframe plant, where product performance indicators go beyond the first generation of products and provide assurance that future diversification of customers will be further met and market occupancy will be enhanced; the development and development of medium- and large-scale pump valves accelerates and small-volume packages of mainframe plants.
Near the profit-and-loss balance line. As the volume of income from pump valve operations increases over the next few years, the Māori rate will gradually return to normal water levels in the industry, generating profits for the company.
(ii) The pump valves have wide operational space, opening up new space for future growth
After many years of development, companies have successfully replaced imports, and hydraulic pump valves are matched by batches of domestic front-runners, such as Trinity, Xu, Willow, and Pygmy. Hydraulic pump valves are the products with the highest technical barriers in hydraulic devices, and there are no more unbreakable products once the hydraulic pump valves break through.
In short, the technical barriers to hydraulic pump valves are higher than the hydraulic tank, and the hydraulic tank barrier is higher than the general hydraulics, so that when the hydraulic pump valves break out, the company’s products can break out of the whole hydraulic field. Global hydraulic markets are vast, according to The State and Development of the World Fluid Dynamics Industry, in 2016, the global market space for hydraulic fluids was close to Euro2190 and wide.
The market space for pump valves is typically twice as large as that for the global sales of excavator tanks and pump valves. From the body of excavators, the structure of their demand for hydraulics is that an excavator is usually equipped with a pump valve and four cylinders at a unit price of $400, and the pump valves are estimated to be around 30,000 (based on 15,000 digs, more than 45,000 digs in medium and medium) compared to the medium digs.
For example: 6:4, the market space for excavators is close to twice that of a tank. When you consider the whole pump valve market space for less than two to three times that for products like cranes, the market space for pump valves is estimated to be two to three times that of a tank. Following the break-up of corporate hydraulic pump valves, the vast space for hydraulic pump valves has opened up new growth space for companies.
iii. Profit forecasts and investment proposals 23 times and 19 times, considering the sustainability of the recovery of the excavator, the start of the release of corporate hydraulic valve pumps, our upward rating of the company as buying macroeconomic stability, maintaining steady growth in capital and fixed output growth, and maintaining a higher profile in the excavator industry;
(a) The expansion of corporate hydraulic pump valve operations has been successful, with a further increase in the Māori rate following an increase in the volume of income of small-divide pump valves;
Development and marketing of pump valve operations progressed less than expected; Overseas operations did not receive as much as expected.