q3 Māori rate has improved significantly, with incremental projects falling within time: 3-quarter reports issued by companies in 2023, with companies achieving business income of $50,837 million in the previous three quarters, compared with 29.14 per cent; net profit return of mothers of $5,206 million, compared with 12.49 per cent, net profit of the same year
The net profit of the mother is 1.341 billion yuan, compared to +94.22 per cent; the net profit of the late-carriage mother is 1.337 billion 23q3 is not too low, the Maori rate is steadily improving and the net interest rate is still improving despite cost pressures.
\triangleright is the result of a change in discount strength, and the next-generation configuration is expected to further improve Māori; Cost side: q3 is net of q3 although the overall cost is 19.92 per cent per year + 8.76 pct
+11.35pc, due to the increase in the rental of duty-free shops due to the recovery of international passenger traffic at the airport; 3.56 per cent s/opa-0.42 pct, the company continuously optimizes inventory management;
2.23pc, due to increased exchange gains and losses due to enhanced foreign exchange risk management by companies.
The island's tax-free sales amounted to $1.33 billion, with 170,000 free shopping cases, an improvement over the 2022 Māori Ring, waiting for the season's peaks and the New Deal — 2022h1 performance evaluation: continuous change in profitability under the epidemic
A steady recovery, as well as good policy pushes such as duty-free “guarantees” and “buy-and-take” of new withdrawals from Hainan Island, adding government consumer vouchers issued in parts of Hainan, summer as China Air Securities Ltd.
The duty-free market in Hainan Island continues to grow. It is now in the traditional season of duty-free sales off Hainan Island, looking at company q4 performance boosts.
In addition, the tax-free shop at San Phoenix Airport opened phase II, which is the only free shopping complex in the country's first airport isolation zone and has more than 300 internationally recognized brand names.
The project has entered the joint completion phase, the third phase of the International Free City II (Hakushima Project) and the third phase (Taco Joint Project) have steadily advanced, and the French Gardens project at San Phoenix International Airport is proposed: as domestic leaders in the duty-free sector, companies have steadily increased and settled their passenger flows off the island and internationally.
The company’s risks, the recovery of passenger traffic, and the risk of a lack of consumer confidence are projected for the period 2023-2025. The Chinese Securities Agency’s garments team, based at the heart of basic research, is based at the forefront of industry, compared with global perspectives, closely following the meta-cosm, catering tourism, tax exemption, medical beauty, jewellery, education, etc.
This report has been prepared by Sino-China Securities Co. Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended for or for any dispatch, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the SAC, unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization from the SAC.