The company's performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2023 is expected to reach a gross operating income of $50.84 billion in the first three quarters, compared with the previous three quarters.
On the basis of this, the 3q harvest was measured at $14.98 billion, an increase of 27.9 per cent, and a net profit of $1.33 billion, an increase of 93.2 per cent, of the same year. The Māori rate is continuously repaired in pursuit of balanced growth in size and profit.
The beneficiary product structure continues to be optimized and many brands have been added, the one-stop shopping experience has been upgraded, the company's overall performance has been robust and the 3q ring ratio has been largely flat (2q to 15.9 billion); on the cost side, the benefit discount has been reduced, and since this year, the company's main Māori ratio has been restored on a quarterly basis, with the Māori ratio in the 1-3q main camp being different.
The country has seen the resumption of civil aircraft flights to 45-50 per cent of the same period in 2019, and it is assumed that the 3q up-to-Huang airport buttons will increase the ring ratio, which is also the prime indicator of the 1.5 pcts drop in the 3q net profit margin ring.
On 7 September, it opened with an area of approximately 5,000 m2, covering a wide range of products such as fine, perfumed, electronics, alcohol, etc., with a total of 300+ international brands in place, many of which are for the first time at Phoenix Airport.
According to the Seagate Customs, during the two-day holidays of Mid-Autumn and National Day, customs supervised duty-free sales off the island amounting to 1.33 billion, and duty-free purchases numbering 170,000, representing an increase of 117 per cent and 143 per cent, respectively, from the 2022 National Day, at a unit price of approximately $7,824 (approximately $8,100/person for the five-year period).
Point, but sales fell back from the 2021 National Day (1.47 billion in 2021), and we believe that duty-free separation from the island is inevitable when the epidemic is lifted, but with the arrival of the 4q Sea South tour season, we are generally optimistic about the 4q sales outlook, and the low base will show a better growth.
With the low base period, the Māori rate will continue to recover; port shops will see a steady recovery in entry and exit, and the airport’s tax-free operation will be gradually restored. In the medium and long term, the city’s tax-free shop policy is expected to remain in place, companies will actively push forward the preparation of stores, sites, etc., and corporate business practices will be further improved in the future.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not made by ... individual clients. The report could not be reproduced or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose.