The rental agreement at Kyouta Airport is optimized, tax-free return to growth at the airport is facilitated by the company's research and the company's quick assessment of social services and tourism and viewing areas.
Yang Yujing Company announcement: Tax exemption from Japan to Shanghai airport, capital airport to operate duty-free shops in the exit-segregated area and international entry area
A corresponding rent adjustment has been made to boost the recovery of airport duty-free operations, and the bargaining power to be exempted from the industrial chain has been re-tested. 2. This agreement re-routed primarily the lower-limited baseline and optimal rate of deductions, reducing the pressure on rigid rents and making rent ceilings and floors more flexible by increasing the level of actual sales. 1) The base of international passenger flows linked to the bottom-of-the-month sales has been significantly reduced (by 43-65 per cent) and comparables are calculated.
The average consumption contribution benchmark (the monthly base rent/monthly passenger flow benchmark) has also been significantly reduced; 2) the rate of deductions has been differentiated according to such items as fragrance, tobacco, alcohol, department goods, marketing support, encouraging the introduction of competitive new items and the creation of over-incentives: 4) the Kyoto airport supplementary agreement has been implemented from 24.1.1 and 23.12.1, respectively, and is expected to effectively reduce the tax-free rent pressure on future airports.
Hae-Mae Island, which is expected to open in the end of the year, can help boost its competitiveness in the south of the sea. 4. Consider the pressure of progressive recovery in consumption and the pace of recovery of international flights, and we lower the assumptions about the company ' s tax exemption in Hainan and the airport, and then downgrade the company ' s net profit in 2023-2025, which constrains the company ' s progress, while keeping track of the cycle rhythm of the perfumed products. But consider the company ' s continued consolidation in the south of the sea, rising in the first and second phases of the bay.
The "Hinnan+Airport+" has a medium-line potential. It is proposed to follow up on the recovery pace of alternative consumption and maintain the "buy-in" rating of the company’s middle line.
China has signed supplementary agreements with Shanghai Airport and Capital Airport. In the new situation, the new cooperation seeks new co-winners, reflecting China's bargaining power. Tax exempters have re-established supplementary agreements with the airport for operating rental costs. Following the signing of supplementary agreements with Shanghai Airport and Capital Airport in early 2021 and late October 2021, China has re-established supplementary agreements with the two main hubs.
In terms of recovery since this year, there are new challenges to tax-free access. (a) progressive recovery in consumption has had an impact on conversion penetration rates, and the flow of exits has recovered relatively robustly: (b) increased competition for prices from the front-line channels on the perfume line and pressure on some categories of Maori: (c) relatively rigid airport rents have put considerable pressure on tax-exempters to operate, which may also affect their business dynamics. In view of this, airports and tax-exempters are actively looking for better ways to work together.
Flexibility in setting the base and drawings through re-signing agreements, supported by incentives to better achieve multi-stakeholder win-wins, will also help to ease the pressure on airport rents when there is no certainty that they will be covered (this year, China’s performance is expected to be more affected by airport rents). The above-mentioned rent agreements will also reflect, to some extent, the bargaining power of the company’s airport duty-free operations.
The core of the agreement is the base rent benchmark and the optimisation of the bottom rent rate, reducing rigid rent pressure and making rent ceilings and floors more flexible by increasing them to actual sales. 1) The base figure for the base-linking of month-to-month sales has been significantly reduced (43-65 per cent), from a recovery in 2019, to be estimated on the basis of the latest passenger flow recovery, which is more in line with the gradual recovery of the outbound journeys; 2) based on fragrances, alcohol and department goods
This adjustment, taken together, is conducive to reducing rent pressure from the future, as well as to better respond to the airport’s exemption through, for example, marketing support.
The new tax situation has evolved in a more flexible manner, working together with the airport, to facilitate its future tax-free growth overall. The Shanghai airport rent comparison: basic passenger flows and per capita contributions require a significant reduction, but a floating clause has been added, compared with the supplementary agreement signed by Shanghai airport at the beginning of 2021, which has the following characteristics, as shown in the figure below:
1. Passenger base: The current base figure is based on 80 per cent of the average international passenger flow for the month of 2023. It is significantly lower than the previous average passenger flow of 80 per cent for the month of 2019.2 Per capita contribution: the average per capita contribution corresponding to the base level (the monthly bottom rent/monthly passenger flow benchmark) is also estimated to be significantly lower than the previous $135, and only about 2-3 per cent for this purpose.
707 million; if the actual monthly passenger flow is 80 per cent of the average passenger traffic for the month of 202303, then the net monthly passenger traffic at Pudong/Ionbridge airport is raised to 80 per cent of the monthly passenger traffic for the month of 2023q, on the basis of the above) x the reconciliation factor of <1 may be negotiated; 4 or the rental value of the previously agreed passenger flow at the equivalent of the different international passenger flow zones (ranging from 3.5 to 8.1 billion), this time the actual sales are increased by the actual sales.
In spite of the supplementary agreement signed with the capital airport in October 2021, only for the year 2020.2.11-2021.2.10 operations are accounted for on the basis of the base price of the second year, based on the reduction in international passenger traffic. We have not been clear since then.
Based on the adjusted agreement, operating costs under the original contract are calculated in combination with passenger traffic and area related to the billing, with annual operating costs calculated at 35 per cent of the annual international zone passenger traffic, and annual base operating costs at $558 million (estimated at approximately $2.53 billion in 2019); for example, actual international customers in the year.
With 9.6 million traffic, the annual bottom operating fee = 558 million yuan (actual passenger traffic = 9.6 million times per year) x the reconciliation factor, which is expected to reduce significantly the pressure on rigid rents from future airports, is expected to have limited annual performance, mainly affecting the company's future tax-exempt rental accounting for airport operations.
In accordance with the original supplementary agreement, and taking into account the 26% and 41% recovery of international and regional passenger flows from the capital airport and Shanghai airport this year compared to 2019 (Shanghai reconciliation monthly recovery and passenger flow/area adjustment coefficients), we estimate the rent of the capital +Shanghai airport to be around 2.327 billion this year (the capital estimates 780 million and Shanghai estimates 1.6-18 billion). In the case of the new rental agreement, the rent of the capital airport is estimated to be no more than 440 million, and Shanghai estimates at 380-12 million.
If the traffic in Shanghai/Capital Airport is larger than the corresponding benchmark next year, the base rent will be $707/558 million each, and the rent will have to be raised to take account of sales recovery, class composition, and withholding rates. If the flow of passengers from the airport returns to 70-80% next year, it is assumed that there will be tax-free sales in the capital and Shanghai airport.
Recovering to 40.9 billion yuan (excluding direct mail), the estimated share of rents charged to the insurance fund is approximately 2.733 billion (estimated to average between 21 and 25%), but the corresponding rents are also clearly optimized compared to the 2021 version of the supplementary agreement (Shanghai at 3.5 billion plus the capital at 2 billion plus) and are expected to level off the profits as a whole.
At the end of October, Sanya International Free City's luxury brands, iv and dior, are expected to further upgrade their supply. Meanwhile, it is expected that at the end of this year, Sanya International Free City’s first phase, No. 2, will be opened.
In the next phase, the abc building, the top luxury of the second river heart island, and the third taguri, are expected to synergize, strengthen their integrated competitiveness, and continue to consolidate their absolute leadership in duty-free shopping in Hainan. The investment proposal is to re-sign the Kyoto airport agreement to reduce rigid rent pressure, look at the recovery pace of alternative consumption in the future, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Objectively, in 2023, the company also proactively optimized its management, such as its product class optimization (the perfume ratio in Hainan tax exemption fell from 50% to 40% in the first three quarters of the year); and, by fine management and structural optimization, the Maori rate reversed steadily and the cost rate optimized. But, under consumption constraints, the effectiveness of the company’s above-mentioned management optimization was difficult to demonstrate in the short term, affecting short-term investment sentiment.
The market rent pressure, coupled with the policy pace, is now below the level of China’s share-free prices at the end of 2019. Figure 6: Tax-free capital stock prices are below the level at the end of 2019.
If there is a further recovery in the field next year, the consumer environment will remain stable, the company’s future airport duty-free operation is expected to improve significantly from the current year’s pressure, and is expected to be profitable. Taken together, taking into account the pressure of gradual recovery in consumption and the pace of resumption of international flights, we can lower the company’s tax-exempt rates in Hainan and the airport.
The pace of gradual recovery and future Hainan closure policy are constraining the company’s movement, while the cyclical rhythm of the aromatic class also needs to be tracked. But considering the company’s continued consolidation of Hainanca, the expansion of the first/second phase of the Bay, the progress of the three projects; active negotiations with the airport to optimize rent pressure and co-exist with the airport; and the expectation of tax-exempt policies within the city of departure of future nationals, the "Hanan+ Airport+Inland" has a medium-line potential to be maintained.
Policy risks, market risks such as increased competition of new entrants, macroeconomic systemic risks, systemic risks such as natural disaster outbreaks, airport floor pressure, risk of significant depreciation of exchange rates, and possible lower than expected start-up or start-up of new projects.
China ' s Medium-Term Exemption (60188.sh) - China ' s reported performance shows positive signs and looks forward to the low base performance in the second half of the year and the New Deal opportunities for tax exemption. China ' s Middle-Term Exemption (60188.sh) - Quarterly net profit pressure, comprehensive layout to meet new opportunities challenges. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author