Relocation of the airport rental supplementary agreement to secure bargaining rights 27 December 2023 Keyword: #Short assets
▪ Incident: On 26 December 2023, China announced that it had signed an additional agreement on the rental of the airport with the Shanghai airport and the capital airport, and that it had made a second adjustment in the rental rate (hereinafter referred to as supplementary agreement I) in January 2021 and October 2021, respectively, with the Shanghai airport and the capital airport.
Entire (hereinafter referred to as Supplementary Agreement II). The core idea of this Supplementary Agreement II is to convert the flow-link + cap model in Supplementary Agreement I back to the original Agreement's “base-plus-up model” and at the same time to secure the base (as compared to previous agreements).
The base level has been reduced from billions to hundreds of millions of yuan in the original contract; and this supplementary agreement II has further reduced the actual rent on the basis of the results of the previous agreement. In the near future, international passenger traffic at Shanghai airport has been restored to about 2 million per month, charged under the original agreement.
Monthly rents are estimated at approximately $622 million; monthly rents are estimated at over $300 million on the basis of “Supplementary Agreement I”; the assumption under “Supplementary Agreement II” is that the contribution of singles will remain at $361, with a combined rate of 22 per cent, with an estimated monthly rent of $170 million, which represents a significant decrease over “Supplementary Agreement I”.
The capital’s airport is largely in line with Shanghai’s. The airport remains an important channel for duty-free sales, and the current rent reduction is an incentive for tax-free traders to step up their sales of duty-free goods at the ports and is another opportunity for duty-free bargaining.
Each year, $151.548 billion was collected, with a per capita contribution from Shanghai Airport/Beijing Capital Airport of $346.71. This supplementary agreement was signed to secure tax-free business resources, raise the size of the airport's tax-free sales, diversify the distribution of tax-free goods and increase the right to negotiate tax-free negotiations in 2019.
The multi-billion dollar level will contribute to higher performance in Japan, and duty-free sales at the ports are expected to resume further.
In 2019, Shanghai, Japan, and China achieved a total of 22.6 billion yuan, or nearly half of that amount. On 2023h1, Shanghai camp collected 8.2 billion yuan, or 23%, and considering online sales, the actual port of entry was less than 10%.
Intra-tax duty-free operations are linked to the airport's framework design for `underline booking, airport lift', and the port's three-quarter fast-track performance is evaluated: net profit returns are expected to break through the long-term ceiling and create a pattern of channels that go hand in hand with duty-free exits from the island.
Low performance in the year, as expected, has led to profitability projections and investment ratings: taking into account recent consumer trends and the marginal global marketing of luxury goods, and taking into account the gradual resumption of duty-free shop policies and out-of-country trips in the city that benefit from retail tourism.
On 26 December 2023, China announced its agreement with Shanghai airport and the capital airport to supplement the rent at Shanghai airport and the capital airport, in January 2021 and October 2021, respectively.
The second adjustment following the supplemental adjustment (hereinafter referred to as Supplementary Agreement I) (hereinafter referred to as Supplementary Agreement II). The core idea of this Supplementary Agreement II is to change the “flow-link + cap” model from the previous Supplementary Agreement I to the “base + build-up model” of the original Agreement, and to make a substantial adjustment (as compared to the original Agreement) to the “floor + build-up model” of the original Agreement.
The bottom level has been significantly reduced, from billions to hundreds of millions of yuan in the original contract; the extraction clause is not repeated here, and we draw the results of the monthly rent calculations of the two adjustment frameworks around changes in passenger flows as follows, in order to give a more intuitive view of the two changes in the framework. For example, the above-mentioned changes in sea airport contracts:
Figure 1: The two changes in the framework for tax-exempt rental contracts at Shanghai Airport (2) The core assumption for monthly rent under “Agreement II” is a single passenger contribution of $361, which is consistent with 2019, with a combined contribution rate of 22 per cent and, if there is a difference between the actual individual contribution or combined contribution rate and the assumptions, there is a difference in the curved rate and the general direction remains unchanged.
The current Supplementary Agreement II further reduced the actual rent on the basis of the results of the previous agreement. As shown in the figure, when the international passenger flow from the former Shanghai airport (August-November 2023) resumed to about 2 million per month, the monthly rent was expected to be approximately 622 million yuan under the framework of the original agreement; it was estimated that the monthly rent would be more than 300 million yuan under the framework of the Supplementary Agreement I;
Under the Supplementary Agreement II, assuming a single-person contribution of $361, with a combined rate of 22%, it is estimated that the monthly rent due will be $170 million, which is a significant decrease over the Supplementary Agreement I. The actual rent will continue to increase slowly, with no ceilings, as a result of further restoration of the international passenger flow.
The airport continues to be an important channel for duty-free sales, and this rent reduction has encouraged tax-free traders to increase their incentives to sell duty-free goods on the shore, and is another step toward duty-free bargaining. The airport is a high-value customer flow.
In Shanghai, Japan, 15.15 billion yuan was collected in 2019. In that year, 4,193 million passengers swallowed off the road between Pudong and Rainbow Bridge (3.851 million of them and 3.42 million of them) made a per capita contribution of 361. In Shanghai, Japan, 7.48 billion yuan was collected in 2019.
The conclusion of this supplementary agreement is another logical realization of the fact that tax-exempt sales channels have been diversified since 2019, and that tax-free bargaining power has been raised. The gross estimate of rents for the entire year is more than “Supplementary Agreement I” for 2023.
The reduction of 2 billion yuan will contribute to Japan’s performance gains (Shanghai, Japan, China), and it is expected that tax-free sales at subsequent ports will be restored. The duty-free border crossings will go hand in hand with the duty-free off-island, and the city’s tax-free connection design is expected to break through the bottlenecks.
Shanghai, Shanghai, Japan, and China achieved a total of 22.6 billion yuan, or nearly half of that year. As of 2023h1, Shanghai achieved $8.2 billion, which was not disclosed by China, and accounted for 23 per cent of the revenue for the same period, considering that it also included online sales, which were not expected to exceed 10 per cent of the actual duty-free market.
International passenger flows (Shanghai, Beijing Capital, Guangzhou White Cloud) recovered from 67-58-41% in the same period in 2019, and the restoration of space is still large. We believe that, as international passenger flows have increased further, the framework of “Living off-the-line operations in association with the airport” mentioned in Supplementary Agreement II has been designed to achieve `underline reservation, airport lifts', with the port duty-free scope.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: taking into account recent consumption trends and the weakening of global luxury sales, China is low. Future tax-free shop policies in the city, high volatility in China’s passenger flow, the recovery of international routes, and the willingness of the population to consume.
Rehabilitating is conducive to the expansion of the retail tourism market. The market is strong, and China is well placed in the medium- and long-term to avoid the policy of duty-free shops and the gradual recovery of out-of-country trips as the destination of retail tourism, benefiting from a relatively high rate of growth in the consumer landscape.
China ' s three major financial forecasting forms The East Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is eligible for portfolio investment advisory services.