27 December 2023: on 26 December, a supplementary agreement was signed between the company and Shanghai airport and the capital airport.
The latest tax-free airport rental calculation was established, with Shanghai Airport in effect since 1 December 2023 and Capital Airport in effect since 1 January 2024.
For Shanghai airport, the rent for the airport duty-free shop was changed to a “preserve-plus” model. 1 floor rent: depending on the passenger flow, if the actual monthly passenger flow is greater than the average passenger flow of 23q per month in March.
(a) 80 per cent (approximately 1.67 million) of the total “month bottom sales” at Pudong Airport and Rainbow Bridge Airport amounting to $5.246 million and $6.47 million, respectively; if less than 80 per cent, the “monthly bottom sales” at both airports will be multiplied by a “regime factor less than 1”, to be determined by two-way negotiations;
In the capital airport, the annual operating fee is calculated on the basis of a higher model of “annual base operating fee” and “annualized sales”.
In 9.6 million cases, the annual minimum operating fee was $558 million, or, if less, $558 million multiplied by less than 1 factor; and in two categories: the proportion of sales per product ranged from 18 per cent to 36 per cent. In our view, the rate of rent and raise will be the ratio of rent below the floor.
To mitigate rent pressures on companies (especially in the context of a gradual recovery in international passenger flows), if followed by a gradual shift to a “principal” model of rent, it would reduce firm fixed spending, reduce business risks, effectively boost tax-free sales and increase corporate profits.
Underscoring the need to create incentives for the active introduction of competitive products. In both agreements, both parties agreed to create incentives to meet monthly sales targets or monthly operating fees.
(b) Also, Shanghai and Capital Airport encourage the introduction of highly competitive products, which can be calculated separately and added to the corresponding monthly sales in proportion to the respective individual Māori.
The Māori ratio has improved, waiting for the season’s turning point and the New Deal – 2022h1 performance report fast: ongoing change in profitability in the context of the epidemic, combined sales of tax-free shops in the capital’s t2/t3 terminal (42.5 per cent, respectively).
39170/22421 aircraft landings at Rainbow Bridge International Airport (year-on-year + 126.26 per cent/+68.43 per cent) and 497.80/36.959 million passenger throughputs, an increase over the same period
Investment proposals: As a domestic leader in the tax-free sector, companies have achieved deep binding with Shanghai and Capital airports through “low-security, closed peaks”, in line with the current context of structured consumption, and have effectively promoted the airport's efforts to promote tax-free marketing and tax exemptions.
The rise in the sale of goods has been accompanied by a gradual recovery in the number of incoming and outgoing flights, an increase in the willingness of the population to consume, and a new model of cooperation to facilitate the tax-free operation of the company's airport, which is expected to be at a risk of insufficient consumer confidence in the period 2023-2025.
China-China Securities Service (CISA) teams: At the heart of basic research, based on industrial frontier, global view comparison, deep-tracking of industries such as meta-cosm, catering tourism, tax exemption, medical beauty, jewellery, and education, keeping the art of consumption up to date, digging up valuable cattle with acute sniffing. In the absence, and in the future, it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.