China Central Free (60188.sh): Māori ring continues to rise, rents are lower, and attention is paid to subsequent profit elasticity and China ' s 3-quarterly report is released: 23q1-q3 achieves revenues of RMB 50,837 million/+29 per cent, and returns to the mother
RMB 2,206 million/+12 per cent, excluding $5,191 million/+13 per cent; and RMB 4,979 million in revenues achieved by 23q3: Mr. Li Gang, the former Chairman of the Board, died as a result of his illness, and Mr. Wang Xuan, the principal head of the company ' s business, took over as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the fifth session of the Corporation.
At the end of the income spectrum, downward consumption + counter-purchases are expected to result in a slight drop in the ring of the Hainan plate, which last week's annual celebration contribution: we expect the Hainan plate to contribute about $8.4 billion, with relatively low consumption capacity, 51 years later, with significant increases in counter-sub-purchases, narrow points and discounts, and diversions affecting lower q3 earnings.
We expect Shanghai to make a contribution of about $4.5 billion, the September anniversary of which boosted the pace of discounts + marketing, and the growth of the ring income. At the Māori end, the return of the fragrance price system drives the rate of Māori up: the price system since this year.
The overall recovery, with a low overall discount of q3 from Hainan, was accompanied in June by a downward revision of membership rights, a narrow credit discount under the new system of points, which contributed to the continued repair of the Maori end, and a 34.5 per cent Māori rate for 23q3, compared to +9.8 pt, ring ratio +1.6 pt; and the promotion of island-wide harmonization of pricing, improvement of product-type marketing structures, etc.
At the net end of the net profit, the return of incoming and outgoing visitors to the net rent ring growth, the net gain in impairment of assets, and the main reason why the increase in Māori is not equal to the rate of entry and exit from Pudong Airport have returned to the same period in 1919.
Airport rent ratio increases by 400 million +, 23q3 achieves a sales rate of 17.8 per cent/+11.3 ptt, ring +3.0 ptt, and the return of q4 rent and sales rates to international passenger flows may still rise; taxes and surcharges; investment proposal: exemption from duty-free industry; stock prices have returned more and security margins have been higher since this year
High; outlook follows: supply end-introduction + property area expansion, demand-side sunk market potential is still open + overseas consumption continues to flow back, profit-end fragrance price system rebounds + exchange rate elasticity is expected to jointly drive the industry
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio as Deputy General Manager of the Research and Development Centre.
In November 2022, they joined the new Sinda consumer group. They covered cosmetics, medical beauty, social clothing, and the new Sinda consumer group. They covered gold jewellery, underline retailing, and the development of diamond plates. Li Bong Jing, Master of Arts, Champagne, University of Illinois, Bachelor of Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022.
Lin Ling, Master of Finance, Xiamen University School of Economics, joined the Sindam New Consumers Group in January 2023. The main components cover cosmetics and medical beauty.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.