Corporate Review  Tourism Retail ii October 26, 2023 Management Dynamics Releases and Continued Trends in Improvements in Māori Rates
In China, the three-quarterly report in 2023, the event: the company released the three-quarterly report in 2023, with a revenue of 50.840 billion per year in the first three quarters of 2023.
In the summer season, the South China passenger flow grew robustly, the three-quarter harvests maintained robust growth, the summer demand for domestic tourism this year was strong, the South China tourist market experienced an increase in the number of visitors in the three-quarter season, and the Sea mouth Meran Airport in July-September combined passengers at San Phoenix Airport received 1,172,000 traffic/year-on-year + 159%.
Billion yuan/year-on-year +27.9% ring q2 is almost equal, performing better than past seasonal patterns. But relative to the growth of the market, the growth of the q3 company’s revenue continues to reflect the current population’s low consumption of goods in kind.
Since the end of 2022, the company has focused on managing efficiency, actively raising the overall Māori level by promoting island-wide harmonization of pricing, optimization of sales discounts and improvement of product-type marketing structures. The q3 Māori ratio has been gradually rising against the backdrop of a 5 per cent depreciation of the q2 RMB exchange rate, reflecting the precision of the company.
Business management capacity has been further upgraded, and efforts have been made to manage exchange rate fluctuations, commodity restructuring, and optimize procurement and treasury management. Considering that the current corporate commodity architecture is still relatively deep, the figure is still 300.
Continuing progress, and further recovery in tax-free airport sales with a high Māori rate, we expect that the return to airport rents will result in higher sales costs, offset by improved profitability resulting from Māori rates.
Lower rates and poor market passenger flow; net return interest rate ring-1.5 pct is largely affected by the resumption of operations at airports such as Beijing, Shanghai and other hubs, resulting in higher rental costs. Of this, the company ' s 3q23 sales cost rate is 17.8 per cent per year + 11.3 per cent, and the ring ratio +3 pct, which is almost the same as 18.0 per cent of 3q20, restoring to the main machine.
It should be noted that the net interest rate of companies is expected to improve gradually as the current international flow of international arrivals and departures from major airports returns to only 50-60 per cent of the pre-epidemiological level, but the floor rent is more rigid, with the airport recovering from duty-free sales.
In considering the improvement in duty-free sales off the 04 Hainan Island, we lower the company ' s net profit in 2023-25, China ' s 1h23 performance rating: an improvement in the Māori rate.
The lead, the competitive advantage, is clear, there is still an increase in the future, such as the location of tax-exempt policies in Hainan + People’s City, and the current valuation level is more constrained by macro-factors and maintains a “recommended” rating.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Union of Nations securities, joined in July 2022 in China ' s Galaxy securities.