Three quarters of the Māori rate continues to improve, focusing on the performance of the Hainan season and the new projects, the company's research, the company's quick assessment, the social services, the tourism and the landscape.
Yang Yuxin's view: 1) corporate income was flat in the third quarter and the single-season Māori rate improved further. The increase in airport rent is expected to have an impact on net profit ring performance, with Māori rates further improving compared to the first half of the year, which is expected to be mainly due to factor policy adjustments, fine marketing pricing and positive hedges
This is driven by changes in rates, etc. (2) the smooth performance of duty-free sales in Hainan in Mid-Autumn, where average sales and unit prices are essentially at the same level as those in 51; (3) profit forecasting and investment proposals: taking into account the pace of gradual recovery in overall consumption, we are 32/24/18 times the performance of the company in the third quarter of Mid-Autumn and in Hainan in duty-free operations. As a global tax-exempt giant, company tourism is still supported by full-trading cards and middle-flow values, mainly in the short term.
The changing trends in Beta, such as the consumption recovery process and changes in the cycle of core products. In the face of new challenges in the new situation, companies are expected to take a variety of measures to address the adverse challenges in a comprehensive manner by optimizing the structure of their products, exploring the value of their channels and flows, and actively communicating with brands, airports, etc.; and continuing the consolidation of the South Sea, the second phase of the upgrade of the Bay and the three ongoing projects.
q4 and q1 are expected to move gradually into the Hainan season; and third, with the gradual resumption of the outbound tour, there are expectations for future tax-free policies in the mid-line departure city. The combined company’s current market value and its full-channel medium-winding potential of Hainan+Airport+Intra-City, maintaining “buy-in” – operates in the third quarter: income ring is flat, the single-season Maori rate continues to improve, and an increase in airport rents is expected to affect the net profit ring performance of the parent.
In the third quarter, the company achieved income of $14,979 million/+27.87 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $1,333 million/+93.19 per cent (a relatively low base for the same period last year), which was influenced by the hymenization of the quarterly procurement cycle, the devaluation of the renminbi in the second quarter itself against the United States dollar put some pressure on the company ' s procurement costs of 03, but ultimately the public sector ' s Māori ratio increased slightly, with the side-face to the company ' s active efforts to take measures to minimize the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on Māori.
Policy adjustments, more precise pricing and marketing management, and continued restructuring optimization of products are also expected to contribute to their Māori ratio at various adverse levels: quarterly trends in corporate Māori rates and net interest rates
Impact. Compared to the second quarter of the year, the corporate income ring was almost equal, but the net return to the mother was 15% lower than the second quarter, mainly due to the impact of increased airport rental costs. The rent costs of these airports, for example, were directly related to the recovery of international passenger flows and the opening of airport duty-free shops. As a result, the rate of recovery of international passenger flows in the third quarter was higher than in the second quarter.
Upgrade (from around 30-40% of Shanghai airport international passenger traffic to 50-60% of q3) and further increase in the area of business, we assume that company q3 airport costs are significantly higher than q2 (specifically to be disclosed in the official three-quarters report). The tax-exempt data for Hainan were relatively stable in mid-autumn this year, and the overall recovery of tourism shopping in the context of a gradual recovery in consumption was not as good as the return of passenger flows.
This year’s Mid-Autumn Day, China’s tourist flow in and out of the island remained high, with average daily traffic at airports higher than pre-infestation and national day of 2021, roughly equal to that of the fifty-one. Third, travel at Phoenix and Melanes Airports is 17% and 25% higher than in 2019, above pre-infection levels, and average daily traffic is higher than in 2021 and is almost equal to the average on Friday of this year (the average passenger flow is slightly less than 51 and the sea is slightly higher than 51).
However, as a result of the overall gradual recovery in consumption, the level of duty-free sales in Hainan remained relatively stable, the price of the guest unit was stable, and the number of visits to shops was relatively low on the National Day of 2021. For the eight-day holiday in the middle of the autumn of this year, the Customs Department of the sea mouth regulated duty-free sales off the island, amounting to 1.330 billion yuan/+11.7 per cent; the average daily sales amounted to about 170 million yuan, 5.9 per cent less than the current year’s 51st anniversary, and 20.8 per cent lower than the 2021 National Day (based on 1.47 billion dollars on the 2021 National Day).
The average number of purchases per day was about 21,000, a drop of 2.5 per cent from the current year's 51st and a decrease of 17.4 per cent from the 2021 national day, while the price of the passenger unit was $7.82 million, a decrease of 3.4 per cent from the current year's 51st day and a decrease of 4.2 per cent from the 2021 national day.
In the context of the gradual recovery, the combined effects of the combination of factors such as the superimmolation of spices and the fight against sub-purchases, the recovery of consumption, such as tourism shopping, has been relatively stable since this year, and the overall recovery has not been as successful as the return to airport traffic. Given this, the company’s stock prices have been continuously adjusted since March this year, as well as reflecting these expectations.
Figure 6: Data on duty-free sales on the main holiday off Hainan Island Follow-up: 1) From the fourth quarter of this year to the first quarter of next year, Hainan will gradually enter its own tourist season; 2) The company continues to optimize its product structure and operational layout, opening the second phase of the tax-free shop at Sanya Airport on 7 September of this year (the area of operation increased from 1,800 square metres to nearly 6,000 square metres), followed by the river
In the future, China’s sales data are expected to improve steadily if overall consumption is expected to improve gradually, and the midline drop will help boost its growth.
In view of the gradual recovery in overall consumption, the company’s three-quarters reporting and the company’s performance of duty-free operations in Hainan in Mid-Autumn, we have temporarily reduced the rate of South China shopping conversion. As a global tax-exempt giant, the company’s retailing of full-channel cards and middle-flow values are still supported by changes in Beta trends in the short term, mainly due to the recovery of consumption, changes in the core product cycle, etc.
With the value of the flow, the management of the flow, and active communication with brands, airports, etc., it is proposed to take multifaceted measures to cooperate more closely and to address the adverse challenges in a comprehensive manner; the second is to continue to tighten the sea level in the south of the sea, the second phase of the upgrade of the Bay, the third phase of the project is under way, and q4 and q1 have the prospect of moving gradually into the south of the country; and the third is to accompany the gradual resumption of the exit tour, with some expectations for tax-exempt policies in the future city of midline departure.
The former market value and its full-channel medium-line potential of the Hainan+Airport+Intra-Market, to maintain “buy-in.” Policy risks, market risks such as increased competition among new entrants, macroeconomic systemic risks, risk of large-scale contagion, airport floor rent pressure, risk of significant depreciation of exchange rates, natural disasters, bad weather, etc., are likely to fall short of expectations for the start-up or start-up of new projects.
China Central Exemption (60188.sh) - China Central Report shows positive signs of performance and expects low base performance in the second half of the year and opportunities for a tax-free New Deal - authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future