On 26 January 2022, the Center for Resource and Environmental Research announced 1.6 million tonnes/year high-performance resins and new materials projects and 2.6 million tonnes/year high-performance polyester projects.
esters, electron dmc (including ec, emc and dec), abs, gpps, hips, ethanolamine, pdo, ptmeg and polyester slices with a total investment of 23,989 million yuan for 18 months of the construction cycle.
The project is expected to contribute to further improvements in the industrial chain layout of the company. The product end demand increases for polycarbonate, electron-grade dmc, abs, etc. are mainly derived from new energy markets for new materials, and the end demand is expected to continue to be high, driven by the global “doubt carbon” policy, while at the same time deep-processed fabrics are expected to remain high.
The Bureau is expected to add further value to its products, with a clear cost advantage and combined competitiveness in the integrated layout of the chain compared to the new energy-materials enterprise with a single layout. The layout of lithium diaphragms continues to boost the layout of new energy materials.
Lithium electricity and photovoltaic chains involve the production of various types of membrane, including the membrane, in the middle and upper end of the spectrum. In December 2021, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Kang Huixin, entered into an agreement with the Japan Association of Shiura and China, which will introduce 12 wet-method lithium cell diaphragm production lines from the two companies listed above, and will be productive in the postnatal years.
It can reach 1.6 billion square metres. Stereochemicals are expected to boost the company’s layout of the new energy and materials industry chain in the lithium diaphragm market layout, and to enrich the fabric of the membrane products.
Construction progress is not as high as expected of the $5 exchange rate volatility risk 6. Other force majeure effects 1. Continuing to drive further processing in new material areas and opening up a conic growth curve.
Ten thousand tonnes/year high performance resins and new materials projects and 2.6 million tonnes/year high performance polyesters/year. Of these, 1.6 million tonnes/year high performance resins and products from new materials projects include biphenolsa, isopropanol, ethylene oxide, polycarbonate, electron dmc (including ec, emc and dec), abs, gpps, hips, ethanolamine,
pdo, ptmeg, etc., with an investment of $19,988 million, with an estimated average net annual profit of $6,864 million, with an investment recovery period of 2.91 years using net profit calculations; products from the annual production of 2.6 million tons of high-performance polyesters, including mammogram slices, photovoltaic polyester slices, membrane polyester slices, ultra-light polyester slices
The project for this investment marks the company's continued entry into the new energy sector, with new energy sources in the project related to polycarbonate, electronic level dmc, abs and photovoltaic material polyester.
The project could make full use of the company's own-produced raw materials, such as pta, ethanol and styrene, with clear cost advantages Chart 2: Hemospheric petrochemicals to further refine the industrial chain layout Herochemical petrochemical deep-cultivated high-end membrane for many years, including optical membranes of all types involved in the lithium electricity and photovoltaic chain.
In December 2021, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Kang Fui-jin, signed an agreement with the Japan Association of Chipu and China to bring 12 wet lithium cell membrane production lines from these two companies, capable of producing 1.6 billion square metres in the postnatal year. Helium petrochemicals are on the lithium diaphragm market.
The layout is expected to boost the company’s layout of the new energy new materials industry chain and enrich the layout of the film products. With the light quantification of new energy vehicles and the need for a charge-post package, demand for engineering plastic end consumption is expected to continue to increase, while the penetration rate of new energy vehicles in passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles will gradually increase and power batteries will be required.
Seeking or sustaining a climate that drives the demand for lithium diaphragms and battery-grade dmcs, the hemospheric fossilization of the c2-c4 industrial chain, the swimming pattern of lithium electricity and the engineering plastics industrial chain, is expected to further increase the value added of end-products. In the case of double carbon-controlled high energy consumption and low value-added, the silicon petrochemicals continue to drive deep processing in the industrial chains.
Gradual entry into new materials and new energy markets, while the integration advantage of a large-refining tap, compared to a single link of new energy or semiconductor materials enterprises, would also have a clear cost advantage once the technology was seized, and the risk of a single, large-scale decline in crude oil: a single, large-scale decline in crude oil prices would account for significant stock losses.
The price of lost and refined industrial chain products is more correlated with crude oil prices, and a single drop in crude oil prices will have a high probability of affecting the level of corporate profitability; 2. Serious deterioration in demand for the end: most of the chemicals integrated with stifling petrochemicals are intermediate products.
Super-expected changes in supply and demand relationships in the industrial chain. While oil prices need to be taken into account, macroeconomic needs such as downstream consumption, packaging, automobiles, infrastructure, etc. can also have an impact on the demand for chemicals; 3. Geopolitical risk: raw material ends include, but are not limited to, disruptions in the supply of crude oil caused by sudden events, or
(b) The construction of the project was not as fast as expected: several projects were under construction, such as the construction of the project.
5. Risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar: crude oil purchases are made using the United States dollar, while revenue end-of-end settlements are dominated by the renminbi, daily operations require purchases of the dollar, sales of the renminbi, settlement, significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar or relative
6. Other force majeure impacts;
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment