Large-scale employee-stocking program, which highlights the strong development confidence of the silicone pole, Helium Pulse (600346.sh) 04032022
• On 3 March, the company issued the sixth draft of the Staff Holding Plan, which is intended to introduce large-scale employee unit schemes for specific target audiences, to bind the interests of employees and the interests of the company in depth and to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
• The total size of the employee holding scheme is $9.86 billion, highlighting the firm's strong development confidence as a petrochemical carrier.
The price of the company’s shares in the second-tier market is determined within the range of stock increases and declines on the day of the transaction, and the price of the stock that was repurchased by the company, for example in large transactions, is the collection price of the stock on the day of the concession. In addition, the Helium Group and some of the employees of its affiliated subsidiaries plan to use special funds.
The sum of the two offers is $4.93 billion, and the employee holding scheme is intended to finance it through the creation of special financial products, securities company securities, insurance funds, etc., and the ratio of financing to employee self-financing does not exceed 1:1 per cent, i.e., the sixth member of the company.
The total size of the stockholding scheme and the group holding shareholders and the employees of their affiliated subsidiaries amounts to $9.86 billion, and the large-scale employee holding scheme highlights the firm’s strong confidence and determination as a petrochemical carrier for future development.
Corporate Information Update - O3 Performance Rings: 26 January, company announcements and 260 downturns to invest in the construction of 1.6 million tons of high-performance resin and new materials to watch the downstream extension of the silicon tap.
The announcement of the tons of high-performance polyesters project, which will be deployed again in the field of new materials downstream. 1.6 million tons of new materials include products such as polycarbonate, abs, ethylene oxide, ethanolamine, ptmeg, etc.
Capability extends down to new material plates and layouts to provide companies with long-term development dynamics and growth dynamics.
"Careful Capability, Re-evaluated the Value of New Energy Lead."