Domestic hydraulic industry leads, pump valves are in their release phase, companies lead the domestic hydraulic industry, and 2017q3 is over-expected: the company is the world ' s largest tank producer, and in 2016 it was supplied with batches of pump valves for small digs and less than 15t.
Thirty-one, Xu, Ritter, Willow, etc., have achieved a national breakthrough in the pump valve field. The 2017q3 company achieved revenues of 668 million, an increase of 77.06 per cent, a net profit of 115 million, a recovery in the beneficiary excavator industry and the growth of non-flagged tanks, with high performance elasticity; the oil is currently oiling.
The barrel business still accounts for about 90% of the company ' s total revenue. Since September 2016, the volume of excavators has increased, the market in the shield industry has grown by more than 70%, and overseas operations have continued to expand, particularly in areas such as the successful development of car hangers, hangers, high-altitude vehicles, cranes, etc. in the United States market.
A group of well-known clients, such as terex, snorkel, manitowooc, manitex, etc., are expected to be the brightest growth point in the company's non-trail tank growth in the three-quarter Maori rate of 601,100 constant hydraulic fluids in overseas operations.
High-end pump valve breached into fast-discharge time: hydraulic pump valve technology is difficult, company - 2017/10/31
After many years of continuous investment, bulk supply began in 2016. Currently, the company pump valves come out of the month with a constant hydraulic pressure (601,100) of about 1700 tank operations, of which about 1400 are small. According to September, they are small.
Performance elasticity, Quick Release of Pump Valves, digging up 5,000 sales levels, roughly estimating that the company’s market share of Pump Valves is close to 30%, entering the rapid release period. In addition, the company has successfully developed a 20t class pump valve product, which is currently in production.
The product is already in rack and performance tests, and it is expected to move to a small batch test phase early next year as soon as possible. We believe that companies have accumulated a great deal of testing and use experience in achieving the bulk supply of small-divide pump valves, and that the bulk supply of large- and medium-dump valves is expected to accelerate considerably.
Pump valve operations are not expanding as expected.
One high-pressure tank with a global tap, the pump valves, and a breakthrough in the 1.1 company's development history and equity structure. The company's predecessor was established in 1990 and started research, development and production of the high-pressure tank in 1992 and has gradually been made available to the city.
In 2005, the Helium tank was set up to start large-scale production of excavators and large special tanks. In 2011, the company was listed, and then invested a lot of money in successively creating permanent casts, permanent hydraulic fluids to speed up the development and production of high-end hydraulics. In 2016, the company began to deliver in bulk the pump valves for small digs below 15t. After 27 years of concentration and innovation, the company has gradually made the flow from hydraulic tanks.
The company’s equity structure is relatively concentrated, with actual control over the Wang Qiping family, through constant fluids, henley investments, and Schinnauco, respectively.
With 75% of TAC’s shares, the constant fluids are controlled by Mr. Wang Li Ping, Ms. Chan Peng and Mr. Wang Chi, the real control of Shinno Technologies is Mr. Wang Ping and Mr. Chan Peng, the son of the husband and wife. The company acquired four hydraulic fluids in Shanghai, the Waco oil tank in Germany, the Hawiinline hydraulic fluid, and the harada seal.
Industrial branding enterprises, which have evolved to form a network distribution for manufacturing and marketing in China, the United States, Germany and Japan, covering four research and development centres, more than 300 technical experts, more than 200 marketing service providers and a large and efficient global audience in more than 20 countries and regions
Domestic hydraulic industry leading companies, pump valve operations have entered the release period 1.2 from high-pressure tank to high-end pump valves, with products across the board, including high-pressure tank, high-pressure column pump, hydraulic multi-road valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, hydraulic test stations and high-precision
Hydraulic components and systems are used as core transmission devices for large machines, and the company ' s hydraulic products are applied downstream: walk machines, represented by excavators, underground drilling equipment, represented by shields, seaworks, represented by ships, port machinery, marine machinery, special vehicles, represented by high-altitude platforms, and wind and solar energy.
The world’s top 500 and world-renowned host customers, such as Caterpillar, Japanese Shinzig, Yinki, Kuboda, Trinity, Xuhu, Willow, Chinese Iron, Iron Man, etc. The pump valve business is now in its release phase.
Since its listing in 2011, the company has been making a major contribution to the oil tank business, with excavator-specific tanks accounting for nearly 80% of the revenue in 2011. Since then, as the excavator industry as a whole entered a low phase, the share of excavator-specific tanks has been declining, rather than increasing the price of the bunkers.
In addition, the company acquired Shanghai Litteng, Haweinline, invested in the establishment of high-pressure, compact hydraulic castings, hydraulic valves, pump production bases, increased hydraulic pump valves, components and hydraulic set-up operations, and increased its revenue ratio, with hydraulic valves accounting for 6 per cent in 2016 and components and hydraulic set-up operations accounting for 6 per cent.
Figure 5: The company ' s share of business in 2016 continued to be invested in the 1.3 industry, and the harvest period gradually arrived. As mentioned above, the excavator industry entered a low phase in 2011, and the company ' s specialized tank operations were significantly affected, resulting in revenues.
The size declined from 887 million in 2011 to 407 million in 2015 and the volume of excavators recovered in the second half of 2016, and income levels began to rise significantly. On the other hand, the company ' s revenue continued to grow, rising from 226 million yuan in 2011 to 560 million yuan in 2016, by expanding its non-flagged tank operations in other industries and areas.
While the revenue of the non-scaling tanks has risen, the overall Māori rate is less than that of the excavator tanks; (2) after the company's listing, it has invested in the construction of high-pressure concentrate, compact hydraulic foundries, hydraulic valves, pumps, fixed-assembly production bases, rapid increases in the size of its assets, and an increase in depreciation. Starting in 2016, the company's net profits were reversed and recovered. In the third quarter of 2017, the company achieved its highest net profit of $277 million, the largest in history.
Subject to objective industry factors and constant investment in pump valve products, the company ' s Māori ratio has declined from 2011 to 2015, with the domestic hydraulic industry leading, the pump valve business having reached a release period of 21.23 per cent, a decline of over 20 percentage points, and a significant decline in corporate profitability. On the other hand, the engineering and machinery industry is generally facing a refund.
The company still maintains a very high level of business quality and stable cash flow in the face of difficulties and high stock holdings. The decline in net operating cash flows in 2016 was mainly due to the warming of the downstream excavator industry and the company’s increased purchases of raw materials.
In 2011, the company invested $596 million in the construction of high-precision hydraulic castings with over-financing for the production of high-pressure tank tops, guidance sets, high-pressure multi-valve valves, pumps, and high-precision hydraulic castings such as motor shells. In 2013, the company invested in the establishment of Jiangsu Hisung Hydraulics Ltd. (later renamed hydraulics) and planned phased inputs.
1.5 billion, gradually building corporate hydraulic valves and hydraulic pump production bases. Starting in 2011, the firm’s fixed asset size began to rise rapidly, reaching nearly 2 billion by the end of 2016, and the company is still investing heavily, even during a period of depression in the engineering industry. Currently, the company has built itself into a high-pressure condensed hydraulic casting base, hydraulic valves, pump production bases, and has begun to contribute revenue.
The annual increase in the share of revenue is also evidence of the firm’s commitment to breaking through the high-end hydraulics sector. 2 tank operations: recovery in the benefit industry of the excavator tank, sustained growth in the non-square tank sector 2.1 recovery in the beneficiary excavator industry and high performance elasticity
A complete hydraulic system consists of five components, namely, power components, control components, execution components, support elements, and working media. A tank, also known as a hydraulic tank or hydraulic tank, is an important implementing element of a hydraulic system whose function is to transform hydraulic energy into a straight line, swing-to-reverse mechanical motion.
Engineering machinery, large-scale infrastructure equipment, automobiles, aerospace, ship and marine engineering equipment and port machinery are walking machines, accompanied by hydraulic tanks with high pressure, large flow, high frequency high loads, and good buffer and sealing properties that can be adapted to complex and bad working conditions, high technical content, complex processes, and high manufacturing difficulties.
It is a non-walking machine, and its hydraulic tank is generally characterized by low pressure, low flow, low operating frequency, low load, and currently has a large number of China's hydraulic component production plants, which largely satisfy the needs of the non-walking machinery industry for hydraulic tanks. The excavator-specific tank consists of four types: a moving arm tank, a bulldozer tank, a pole tank, and a shovel tank, usually one excavator.
After 2011, the volume of excavators went down, and the volume of excavators went down as a whole, but the decline was significantly smaller than the volume of excavators, mainly because of the gradual increase in the market share of the company ' s products. We assumed that an excavator was equipped with four tanks, based on the annual sales of excavators published by the industry association and the annual sales of the company ' s excavators.
The rate rose from about 13% in 2009 to about 50% in 2016. According to the company ' s annual report for 2016, the company ' s exclusive tank output is estimated at 14: the city of the company ' s exclusive tank for the company ' s domestic excavator (figure 13: map of the excavator tank).
Domestic hydraulic industry leads, pump valves are already in the process of being released, company-specific tanks are becoming more and more available, both because of firm-level positioning, product quality, rigidity and good after-sales services, and because of the continued rise in the number of major customers in the company. At present, the country is able to scale up.
The companies that produce the tanks include companies, Quai Bhi, pine hydraulic fluids, and tungyang machine power, which vary from one major customer to another. In addition, some of the mainframes, such as Xu Yi and Xu, have their own tank factory, which is partially self-supporting.
The increase has been larger, from 6.5% in 2009 to 20.0% in 2016, Carter from 6.4% in 2009 to 14.2% in 2016, Xu's rapid increase in the past two years, and Willow's small increase. The Japanese Korean brands, including Matsuma, Shinto, Dooshan, and Yoki's construction machines, have fallen to varying degrees. For example, the company's current largest client, Caterpillar, became Carter's team in 2010.
The company, in collaboration with Carter worldwide, is currently providing a 20% share of the carved-out and large-digging tank products, mainly for the export of the carcasses. In 2016, the company was awarded the Caterpillar gold medal, and we believe that future companies are expected to enter the middle-digging and other mechanical support systems.
The new customers of Japan's excavator canisters have been set up in Japan and are now in a stable situation with the gods, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan.
2.1.2 The excavator industry is warming, reflecting elasticity of performance The excavator industry has been in a low phase since 2011 with sales falling from 178,400 in 2011 to 563,000 in 2015. The benefits of the large number of capital projects landed in early 2016 and improved real estate sales and start-up are also being realized.
The industry began to warm up rapidly in the second half of 2016. In 2017, high growth rates continued, with 1,019,000 sales in January-September, a year-on-year ratio. From this year’s sales of excavators of all types of excavators, the same rate of overall large- and medium-drawing was higher than that of small digs, of which 145.38 per cent was higher in January-September, 102.91 per cent in medium and 89.49 per cent in small excavators.
In the medium and long term, the excavator industry will show several trends: 1) The industry has entered a predominantly stock-upgrading phase, with a significant decrease in volatility. Currently, the domestic excavator stock is around 1.4 million units, assuming a 10-year renewal cycle, and is projected for the next three.
The stock update will peak in four years, and we expect that the sales of excavators will continue to rise in 2018, compared with the drop in the excavator industry of the previous decade, and that the number of business leaders, including Trinity, Carter, Xu, etc., will continue to rise. 2.2 The non-turvey tank sector continues to break out, with the offshore market being the main focus of the expansion.
2.2.1 In the context of the steady growth and expansion of the non-turvey tank sector following its listing in 2011, the company has continued to expand its non-turvey tank business, raising its revenue year by $560 million, an increase of 8.64 per cent over the same year.
The company has developed an acillary supply relationship with leading domestic and foreign heavy-equipment manufacturing enterprises, using large-scale infrastructure equipment, such as pyrotechnic machinery, large bridge construction equipment, tunnel diggers, heavy equipment such as ships, marine engineering equipment, port machinery, etc. The company has gained sustained momentum by expanding its operations in close cooperation with its core clients.
2.2.2 The faster growth of the guilder tank will be the focus of the overseas market. The guilder is a dedicated engineering machine for tunnels, which is widely used in tunnels such as subways, railways, roads, municipalities, utilities, etc.
The machine can only be used to dig tunnels without retreating, usually only for one-time operations and high replacement or maintenance costs, and therefore the shield tank has a very high reliability requirement. And the shield has a shorter life and is a “exploitable commodity” that usually works only about 10 km. During the “13-05” period, national and local governments successively introduced infrastructure-related policies, underground spaces such as subways, tunnels, underground tubes, etc.
In 2016, corporate shield plates grew by 29%, at a higher rate, and shield units and marine and special vehicle tanks generated about 50% of the revenue from non-scopic tanks. According to the company ' s 2016 report, shield tanks occupied China ' s domestic market.
More than 70 per cent of customers from countries such as the United States, Europe, Japan, Australia, including the Central Iron and Steel Construction, the Chinese Iron Equipment, Matsuma, the Tall Lin Group, Triteco, Yojiki Shipbuilding, Robbins, etc.
Overseas markets have been the focus of companies’ growth in the last two years, with incomes growing rapidly. Companies rely on subsidiaries established and acquired abroad to improve the global distribution of sales networks. On the one hand, not only the excavator tank business, but also the Japan industry, but also the Japan industry, which has established stable partnerships with the gods, the Japanese, their friends, the Yamada, and the Kubota fields.
There have also been major breakthroughs in the oil tank business, such as the acquisition of Haweinline by Ito, the establishment of a research and development centre in Europe, and extensive cooperation with seamen and high-quality customers in the field — tts, McKill, Calgotco, etc. — in the United States, which, in addition to Caterpillar, has successfully developed a group of cars, hangers, high-altitude operators, cranes, etc.
Prominent clients, such as terex, snorkel, manitoWC, manitex, etc., are expected to grow rapidly in the United States. 3 Pump valve operations: a national alternative breakthrough into a long-term 3.1 hydraulic pump valve is a high-end hydraulic device with extremely difficult technology
Hydraulic pumps are used to power the entire hydraulic system. Hydraulic valves are used to transport the pressure oil out of the hydraulic pump to the implementing elements, which enable the hydraulic machinery to perform all kinds of actions. The executing elements include the tank and the motor, which, as noted above, is a mechanical movement that transforms the hydraulic pressure into a straight line, swinging towards a repeated pattern. The motors are divided into motors and reverse motors, walking directly with hydraulics.
Catapult wheels or wheels are connected, driving them straight or moving; turning motors are usually located in top and bottom parts of hydraulic machinery combined to drive the rotation of the upper parts. Figure 24: Application of high-end hydraulics in excavators
Hydraulic pumps, multi-circuit control valves, hydraulic motors and tanks used for walking machines, such as excavators, are high-pressure, high-flow hydraulic products with high technical content, complex manufacturing processes, high-density requirements, high-end hydraulics. From the ease with which hydraulics are made, hydraulic pump valves are more difficult to manufacture than oil tanks and hydraulic motors.
The main bottlenecks in producing high-end hydraulics are, technically speaking, the manufacture of high-precision hydraulic casts, the precision of hydraulics, surface lightliness, intensities, stress resistance, etc.
The technology and process of breaking through high-precision hydraulic casts is the key to solving the high-end hydraulic pump valves. 3.2 Global flagships occupy major markets, with high industrial concentration, and according to IMSS data, the world hydraulic industry as a whole in 2016 was €28.2 billion, sold by market.
The United States market accounted for 34 per cent, China 28 per cent, and Cetop (European Fluid Dynamics Association) 31 per cent. In the etop group, Germany accounted for 35 per cent of sales and Italy 18 per cent.
According to Isc (internationalstatisticscommittee), the structure of sales of hydraulic products in 2013 was as follows: hydraulic valves 18.90 per cent, hydraulic pumps 19.2 per cent, hydraulic cylinders 20.4 per cent, motors and repeaters 9.9 per cent, depending on the proportion of hydraulic pumps, the demand for column-plug pumps increased and the demand for gear pumps decreased, mainly as a result of the high pressure of hydraulic systems.
Figure 27: Composition of global sales of hydraulic products in 2013 Figure 26: Share of major hydraulic markets in the world
According to the previous data, China’s market for hydraulics in 2016 was about €8 billion, equivalent to about RM60 billion. Of this, high-end hydraulics require more than 20 billion, relying on imported products from several major hydraulic giants abroad.
There is a certain advantage in value for money, but because of the late start, the lack of technological power, and the fact that most domestic firms are only able to produce at the lower and middle ends, the United States, Japan, and Germany, as the most developed and manufacturing countries in the world, have a deep background of hydraulic power, giving birth to the world’s most competitive hydraulic fluids to make giants. For example, Germany’s Boschlescai, the United States of America Eton, and Japan’s Kawasaki.
Of the US$ billion, Eden’s income from hydraulic products (based on the aerospace and hydraulic components of the industrial sector) is about US$ 4 billion, and Kawasaki’s income from hydraulic products (based on revenues from precision mechanical operations) is 1.4 billion, which together accounts for about 35% of the global hydraulic market. Only a few firms in the country have manufacturing capacity for high-end hydraulics, most of which are able to compete only on medium- and low-end products.
As China’s manufacturing sector accelerates and upgrades, the mainframe plant is growing in size and is expected to gradually support and drive the development of core components. In recent years, the gap between domestic and foreign firms has been narrowing, with greater advantages in terms of prices and services, and greater opportunities for core components.
3.3 Pump valves are replaced by national production into the long term, and according to the international hydraulic product sales structure, the market space for pump valves is about twice that of the tank. According to the company downstream excavation industry, an excavator is usually equipped with a pump valve and four cylinders at an average cost of $3848 (2016).
The average price of pump valves is estimated at around 30,000 (based on 15,000 small digs, more than 45,000 medium digs, and a ratio of 6:4 small digs to medium digs), and the market space for excavators pump valves is close to twice as large as that of a tank. The overall market space for pump valves is estimated to be two to three times that of a tank, taking into account the lower number of tanks for products such as cranes.
As mentioned earlier, the main bottleneck in pump valve manufacturing is, technically speaking, the manufacture of high-precision hydraulic castings. In October 2011, the company was listed, and in November, it announced an investment of nearly $600 million in the construction of a high-precision hydraulic casting base, using the world’s most advanced wet sand-forming industries and static-forming lines, which form the production capacity of 25 million tons of hydraulic casting products per year, mainly in the production of engineering machinery at the end of a high-pressure tank.
From 2012 to 2013, companies acquired 82,86% shares in Shanghai. Shanghai was founded in 1991 as the country’s old hydraulic valve producer, with the technology and brand reputation of producing hydraulic valves over the years, as well as mature client groups.
Hydraulic components, hydraulic aggregates, hydraulic machinery equipment, and the manufacture of small hydraulic ships. After the company acquired Shanghai, it relied on Shanghai to accelerate the development of the hydraulic valve industry for a new platform, and to set up a new Shanghai joint venture for capital, talent, technology, resources, raw materials, channels. In April 2013, the company introduced into the country and abroad, in recent years, excellent technical management teams in the hydraulic pumps and hydraulic valves industry.
Based on the development of pressure valves and hydraulic pumps and the acquisition of the manufacturing techniques and experience of the new hydraulics accumulated in Shanghai, investments are made in a state-wide new hydraulic pressure (subsequently renamed hydraulic technology) with a registered capital of $600 million, which will be planned to be phased in into a corporate hydraulic valve and hydraulic pump production base, with the completion of the project resulting in an annual production of 20,000 excavators with high-pressure cylindrical pumps and 20,000 excavators.
In November 2015, the company completed another heavy-pound acquisition, which cost 13.7 million euros to acquire 100% of Haweinline’s shares. Ha Weinline is mainly engaged in research and development, manufacturing and marketing of hydraulic axle pumps, with the parent company Hawe holding the third largest hydraulic production company in Germany.
According to the company ' s annual report for 2016, the company developed Hp3v and Hvs series of multi-circuit control valves (mainly grade 6t and 8t) for small excavators.
Since the second half of last year, the engineering and machinery industry has continued to grow, with a similar increase in the sales of excavators in January-September this year, resulting in an oversupply of excavators, which has also provided an opportunity to expand the company's pump valve product. Currently, the company pump valves are in the range of 1700, with small pump valves.
Based on the company’s value of product and its advantage in services, we believe that the company will open up more mainframe plants, and that the city of the small-divide pump valves will quickly be mentioned. In September 2017, the company displayed its first-ever outreach series of hp5v pumps at Beijing Bices, a series that compares to the old hp3v.
In addition, the Division has successfully developed 20-t class pump valves, especially with a total multi-channel technology with technology above 15t, and a small multi-routine valve assembly technique. Technically, 20-t class products have been successfully developed with a higher ton of pump valves.
The technology is the same, and the R & D process is going to be much better. The product is now in rack and performance testing, and it is expected to move to a small batch trial phase early next year. We believe that companies have accumulated a great deal of test and use experience in achieving the bulk supply of small-digger pump valves, and that the bulk supply of large-scale pump valves is expected to accelerate significantly.
Hydraulic technology has the advantage of high power weight, rapid brakes, reliability, and stability, and is widely applied to various industries. It can be said that the degree of application of hydraulic technology has become an important indicator of a country’s level of industrial development. According to China’s industrial network, only about 40% of hydraulics are currently applied to engineering machinery, and other sectors include engineering vehicles, metallurgy, etc.
Mechanical, aerospace, etc. The range of applications will continue to expand in the future, as hydraulic technologies continue to develop towards high pressure, high flow, and integration. As companies represent the best domestic hydraulic device producers, the application of products will also expand and the ceiling will grow far from being reached.
Domestic hydraulic industry leading companies, pump valve operations are in the release phase. Macro-level tightening or environmental verification impacts continue to result in lower sales of excavators. Pump valve operations are not expanding as expected.
Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation. For more than six years in the financial sector, the representatives include Robot Trends, etc. Before entering the financial sector, they have eight years of business experience and have worked in areas such as engineering, machinery and automobiles, production technology, markets and strategies.
In July 2017, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre. The Centre, which joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017, was good at bottom-up investment opportunities.
Research Center, September 2017, Allied Pacific Securities, good at capitalizing on investment opportunities based on industrial trends.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.