The company that is the sole supplier of high-end hydraulics for import substitution is the lead firm in the domestic hydraulic industry, with clear technical advantages and a leading market position.
Thanks to national investment in infrastructure, the downstream engineering and machinery industry has recovered, and the demand for hydraulics has increased significantly. After years of deep farming in the area of high-end hydraulics, after the successful capture of the market by the high-pressure tank, the company is expected to repeat the successful path of the tank products by increasing its research and development of other high-end hydraulics, such as hydraulic pump valves.
Path: R & D - market imports - continuous improvement - city occupancy increases, pump valves are expected to recover from the wave of marches, rapidly import and take over the hydraulic valve market, and national production of high-end hydraulics. Through mergers and acquisitions by domestic and foreign companies, the product lines are further enriched, and the new product is transformed into a hydraulic system integrator. We give it to buyers.
Inner + outward extension to hydraulic system integrator: Since 2011, HCL has been investing in expanding the scale of high end hydraulic device research and production, and external M & A of Shanghai and Hawe-inline companies with multi-year research and development experience, such as pump valves.
In the high-end hydraulics such as the layout hydraulic pump valves and motors, the product is constantly enriched, shifting from a single tank product to a hydraulic system integrator. Engineering and mechanical plates are recovering, pump valves are expanding the market: downstream engineering and machinery industries are continuing to decline.
After years of deep farming in high-end hydraulics, corporate hydraulic pump valve products are expected to replicate the successful path of the tank and capture industrial eruptions.
The opportunities created by the imbalance between supply and demand quickly took over the market and led to the nationalization of high-end hydraulics. Technological innovation continued, and product profits increased significantly: research and development investment by companies had been high for almost five years, professional research and development teams had been formed, and products had been patented.
The cost of the goods will be further reduced, the price of the company will be guaranteed in an insatiable market state, and the Māori rate and net interest rate of the company’s products will be on the rise. At the same time, the downstream markets such as drilling machines, shielding machines, plastics, marine workers, and wind and wind power will be actively developed and well done.
Each area of breakdown is based on the market rate collected on October 31, 2017.
Given the growth and scarcity of the company, we gave the company a 40-fold market gain in 2018.
Stereo hydraulics. Stereo hydraulics. Leader of the core parts system of engineering machinery.
The company was established in 2005 as a major producer of hydraulic system components, including high-pressure fuel tanks, high-pressure column plug pumps, hydraulic multi-road valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, hydraulic test stations and others.
The company develops new hydraulics through internal and external growth, moving from a hydraulic tank supplier to a high-end hydraulic system supplier. The company acquired Shanghai New Company with full capital in 2012, with multi-year production fluids.
In 2013, Jiangsu's Henjiang Hydraulic Hydraulics Company (Gangsu Hisashi Hydraulics Ltd.) was established, mainly to produce hydraulic components such as hydraulic pumps, valves, etc. In 2015, a strategic collaboration was concluded with Hawe, Germany, and a full acquisition of hawe-inline under the Hawe group.
Hydraulic, the company's main production of the axle-thrust hydraulic pump, marks a constant participation in the top hydraulic pump valve production business, becoming one of the suppliers of hydraulic systems integration, mastering the core technology and becoming a tap supplier of hydraulic components.
Oil tanks are corporate boxing products. They are a key complement to national industrial policy priorities for development. They are important for breaking technical barriers abroad and replacing imports.
Currently, a non-standard tank is used as the company’s main product for special fuel tanks and heavy equipment.
Standardized, batched production, with the product ' s operating income as a share of total revenue in 2016 amounting to 40.88 per cent; company-specific tanks for excavators accounted for more than 50 per cent of the domestic market; non-scaling tank applications were extensive.
The Law is standardized, produced in bulk, applied mainly to infrastructure equipment, ships, marine engineering, port machinery, decorators, wind power equipment, etc. The income from this type of product in 2016 was 38.62% of the total income. The Wang Liping family is the founder and actual controller.
The first shareholders are the parent company, Changjian Fluid Science and Technology, which holds 42% of the company’s shares directly, and Shinno Technology (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Jiangsu Hongli, which are limited to 18.75% and 14.25% of the company’s shares, respectively, in two or three places.
The company's performance is expected to rise to a high rate of growth.
Driven by downstream demand, the company ' s performance has increased in recent years in a resilient manner. The company achieved business income of $1,359 million in the first half of 2017, an increase of 130 per cent in the same year; the parent ' s net profit of $162 million, an increase of 471 per cent in the same year, and a positive net operating cash flow.
Both Māori and net interest rates are on the rise. The Māori rate increased by 6.07 pct in the first half of 2017 compared to the beginning of the year, and the cost-control effects began to appear and the Māori rate of the product increased significantly. It is expected that as the trade continues to improve, scalding production will benefit from amortization of costs, and the cost of the product will be further reduced.
There is a continuing upward trend in the rate.
Figure 8. Net corporate interest rates are on the rise The size, acceleration and competitive pattern of the domestic hydraulic system The hydraulic system is composed of five parts. The hydraulic system acts as a force multiplier by changing pressure.
The complete hydraulic system consists of five components, power elements (hydropressure pumps), execution elements (hydrated cylinders and hydraulic motors), control elements (hydral valves), support elements (filter, seals, etc.) and working media (hydropressure oils).
Hydraulic equipment has many advantages, ranging from civilian to national defence, from general movement to precision control, and has a wide range of applications. In the mechanical industry, 85% of the machine-bed transmission system currently uses hydraulic transmissions and controls, such as grinding, scaffolding, combing, etc.; in engineering machinery, hydraulic impulses, such as excavators, etc., are commonly used.
Bulldozers, ground levelers, rollers, etc.; fluid pressure, hydraulic discharges, fire-fighting ladders, etc., are widely used in the automobile industry; in light-wielding industries, such as plasticizers, textile machines, etc.; and in the shipwork industry, such as fully hydraulic dredging boats, fishing boats, oil platforms and ship support machines.
November 6th, 2017.
We estimate that the domestic market for excavators will be more than $2 billion in 2017, and the market will be relatively stable in the future. Diggers will vary according to tonnage, medium and small, and the tanks that companies supply to the various excavators.
There is no doubt that the changes in the volume of excavator sales directly affect the demand for excavator tanks, the company ' s product changes as it follows downstream demand, the recovery of the engineering machinery plates, and the excavator ' s special tank is one of the most technologically important.
In addition to the constant altruism, there are several foreign brands that invest in China, such as Kaitobhi, Xiao Quan hydraulics, Toyota Machines (smoking stations). Main engineering and machinery companies are mostly clients of companies, and have a higher presence in downstream companies.
(1) In general, a single excavator requires two arcade cylinders, a pole tank and a shovel tank, for a total of four tanks. Currently, the unit price of a small pit is approximately 2,500 to 3,000 (approximately 12,000 dollars), the unit price of a tank is about 5,000 to 550 dollars, and the unit price of a tank is about 1 to 15,000 yuan.
(2) In 2017, more than 130,000 domestic excavators are expected to be sold, with a total requirement of about 52,000 cylinders, which can be measured at nearly $3 billion in 2017 on the domestic market.
There are more applications and more market space for non-barrelled tanks, which generate revenues of 180 million yuan per year, an increase of 29 per cent over the same period; the domestic market, which is more than 70 per cent, is an absolute leader. Currently, there are about 600 domestic shield units, and one single unit needs a tank.
With the construction of urban orbital transport in the country, the demand for the shield has grown rapidly, leading to a high and sustainable growth of the company’s fuel tank product. The pump valve market for excavators is three to four times that of the fuel tank, and it is around $10 billion.
The market space for hydraulic pump valves in domestic excavators is conservatively estimated at $10 billion. According to the Association of Engineering Machinery, the cost of excavators is disassembly, and the cost of purchasing hydraulic pumps and hydraulic valves is approximately three to four times that of hydraulic cylinders.
The global market for hydraulic systems is large, but it is now dominated by offshore enterprises such as Japan, Kawazaki, Bo Shilesca, Eton, and there is a high degree of room for upgrading of domestic firms. There is some advantage in the price ratio of hydraulic products, but due to their late start, lack of technological capacity, and incomplete high-end products.
The essential core parts of hydraulics needed in manufacturing, such as variable column plug pumps, motors, multi-routine valves, are still heavily import-dependent, and are the future technological breakthroughs of long-standing hydraulics leading companies, compared to world-renowned hydraulics, long-hydrated hydraulics, which have greater potential for growth.
Mainly occupied by companies such as Bo Shilesla, Kawasaki, and Eton, the future of the constant hydraulic fluid is expected to expand the sales scale with hydraulic pumps, valves, high-end hydraulic substitution, global hydraulic pressure, constant hydraulic pressure.
Figure 15. Comparison of global mainstream hydraulic device production enterprises 6 November 2017
The company's position in the industry and its hydraulics business model Product: the company's extension from the tank to the pump valve product led to a breakthrough in the company's tank product.
Hydraulic cylinders are hydraulic units that convert hydraulic energy into mechanical energy, do straight-line remobilization (or swing motion) and perform components.
(1) Red cylinder assemblies (3) sealed assemblies (5) exhaust units
Hydraulic cylinders can be divided into single- and dual-acting modes by mode of action. Single-acting hydraulic cylinders have column-like, piston-like, scalable structures; dual-acting hydraulic cylinders can be divided into single-piston poles, double-pisted poles, scalding three forms.
Tanks can be divided into low-pressure, medium-pressure, and high-pressure tanks according to the pressure of their use. For machine-bed machines, the rated pressure is 2.5-6.3mpa; for construction vehicles requiring small size, light weight and large loads, the rated pressure is 10-16mpa;
In engineering machines such as excavators, most use high-pressure tanks, usually with a rated pressure greater than 31.5 mpa. Companies mainly produce high-pressure hydraulic tanks with higher technical content and higher value.
The tank is divided into three categories by the pressure of use.
Pressure, bulk production quality control are highly difficult. Good, durable, reliable, stable quality, high-end products in the tank industry.
Heavy equipment, such as mouth mechanics, is used in non-standard fuel tanks. Digger-specific tank analysis. Digger-specific tanks are one of the core parts of the hydraulic system.
Combinations that are organically connected by tubeways include, inter alia, hydraulic tanks, main pumps, multi-routine valves, circuits, and action tanks, motors, etc. Hydraulic systems are based on fluids as working mediums, using hydraulic pumps to convert engine mechanical energy into hydraulic energy
And then transfer, and then convert hydraulic energy to mechanical energy through the execution elements such as oil tanks and motors, to the various movements of excavators, which typically consist of three types of cylinders, including a pole tank for action before and after a pole, and a tremor.
Twilightly excavated and offloaded shovel tanks, as well as moving armpits at the height and depth of the entire machine.
Pump valves continue to develop and break through, and are gradually being imported into the market.
Hydraulic pumps are an energy conversion device. Convert the original motor machinery into fluid pressure, so that it drives the work parts to spin. Hydraulic pumps are based on the following working principles: through the continuous turn of the curve, the hydraulic pumps are constantly snorting and draining oil, thus completing the continuous supply of oil to the system.
Chart 20. The working principles of the hydraulic pump The main production axis of the constant hydraulic pressure column pump. The classification of the hydraulic pump can be broken down into gear pump, leaf pump, screw pump, cylindrical pump, and so on.
The advantages of the company ' s products are: compact, efficient, fit for reloading, high reliability, many controls, widely applicable to excavators, dredgers, ships, marine engineering, municipal vehicles, etc. 6 November 2017
The company uses mature technology to quantify the product lightly, to compactly improve it, and to improve it.
Output power, which can be used for re-entry of mobile machines such as excavators, dredge drills, etc. The habwe-inline shaft pump is suitable for high-voltage heavy load applications. The advantage of the product is solid structure, heavy load, high reliability, and many ways of control. In industry, ships, marine engineering, agro-forestry machinery, engineering machines.
There are a wide range of applications in machinery and municipal vehicles, and the technical difficulties of the variable cylindrical pump are mainly related to the elemental body of the column (manufacturing process) and the variable module control (hydropressure control technology).
(b) Technical difficulties of the variable module: a mechanical-electric-liquid-position control system, with different technical means (variable cylinders, springs, transposition sensors, etc.) regulating the control variables.
Figure 23. Technical difficulty of the hydraulic pump of the variable column plug
Hydraulic valves are automated components operated with pressure oils, controlled by pressure valves, which are usually combined with electromagnetic pressure valves and can be used to control long-range disruptions in hydropower station oil, gas, and pipe systems.
On November 6th, 2017, constant hydraulic pressure.
Markets: Many downstream customers, a lot of markets, a lot of downstream customers, a lot of domestic and foreign markets, and a lot of company products, with technology, open up a lot of markets at home and abroad. Exploiting products are also available in developed countries like Europe and America, Japan, and others.
In the region, exports account for more than 30 per cent and accumulate a group of high-quality clients in the industry. A large number of high-quality client groups have created a clear pre-eminence for companies, creating stronger entry barriers for later potential competitors, and fully safeguarding the company ' s future potential for steady growth and profitability in its share of the market in the hydraulic sector.
The main clients of the excavator hydraulic products are: Caterpillar, Shinzig, Helium, Kubota, Kato, Trinity, Xu, Willow, Shandong Pilgrim, etc.;
(c) New energy equipment clients include Goeto, Vistas, etc.;
The clients of industrial hydraulic products are: Haiten, Yi Mystery, Andretz, etc.; Special vehicle customers include Manitovak, Trex, Parfig, etc. 6 November 2017
There's a lot of customers downstream, tied to mainstream domestic and international mainframes.
At the end of 2008, a "4 trillion-dollar" investment plan was launched, which was launched in the first time in 2008 to raise the market for tank products.
Of this amount, 1.5 trillion were spent on major infrastructure construction, such as railways, roads, airports, water, and urban electricity grids, leading to a significant increase in the demand for excavators, with sales of excavators from the country ' s main excavators increasing from 5.18 million in 2006 to 160,000 in 2010, with an annual compound growth rate of 33.76 per cent.
With the rapid growth of the excavator industry, foreign manufacturers are unable to keep up with the oil tank production, the supply of the specialized tank market is out of order, and domestic excavations are taking place.
By 2011, high-end hydraulic products, such as those used for excavators, were mainly dependent on imports. The import of high-end hydraulic products is up to 70% dependent, with higher rates of imports being made for such products as those used for excavators.
The company's fuel tank has been continuously improved and has acquired the qualifications of a good company supplier. In collaboration with downstream customers, the product performance has been increasing, and the market share of the product has continued to grow. The global engineering machine's flagship card, which expanded fourfold the capacity of the Caterpillar excavator in China in 2010, allows the company to successfully enter Carter in 2010.
Pyler and, in 2016, the highest-level (sqep) award for quality certification for excellent vendors awarded by the company’s head office. Pump valve products are expected to repeat the successful path of the tanks.
In the first half of the year, production was officially launched, laying a good foundation for companies to produce high-performance hydraulic pump valves. 2. Acquisitions of Shanghai Lignium: Shanghai Hydraulics Co. Ltd. was created in 1967 as one of the first companies to produce hydraulic components in Shanghai.
Manufacturing of small hydraulic ships, with the technology and brand reputation of producing hydraulic valves over the years, and mature client groups, certified through the Iso9001 Quality Linkage System.
The Department will mainly produce hydraulic components such as hydraulic pumps, valves, etc. The hydraulic pump valve project: a hydraulic pump valve project started in 2013 and will result in an annual production of 2.04 million.
Purchase of the production capacity of the hydraulic pump valves. Hawe-inline hydraulics: in 2015, the company fully invested in the acquisition of the inline company for the production of the axle plugs and hydraulic pumps under the Hawe flag.
The Torinline platform accelerated the development of the hydraulic pump industry, and the technical level of the hydraulic system was further enhanced.
(1) General high-performance hydraulic pressure control valves General high-performance hydraulic pressure control valves (dbe-type) are primary control scale spill valves that regulate system pressure according to the incoming electrical signal, and the dbe-type valves are used in hydraulic systems primarily as spill valves or safety valves.
(2) Hydrogen scale servo valves Hydraulic servo valves are organic combinations of proportional electromagnetic irons in proportional valves and valve cores and valves in servo valves, consisting of components such as valves, valves, valve cores, proportional electromagnetic magnets, etc.
(iii) Excavators are pumped with high pressure, pressure, pump is an important feature of the hydraulic system with the advantages of high rated pressure, compact structure, efficiency and ease of flow regulation, extensive application in high pressure, high flow and flow-required settings,
Like hydraulic presses, engineering machines, and ships. (4) Excavators use hydraulic multi-path valves. Hydraulic multi-channel valves are made of multiple valves, and their effect is to split the pressure fluids from the hydraulic column pump.
By moving the core of a multi-road valve, the speed of movement and movement of the implementing agency can be changed, and the system is coordinated. For example, the speed of recovery and the control of the direction of return, the speed of movement and the direction of the excavator, the speed of operation and the speed of the work of the excavator.
The hydraulic multi-road valves are widely used in engineering machinery. New pump valves have been successfully imported into the mainframe plant, and research and development and markets have continued to advance.