Tonway shares (600438) Daily food consumption, beverages and tobacco
The “Agriculture + Photovoltaic” model was well developed and photovoltaic operations were growing rapidly. During the reporting period, the company's main business was well developed, with solar cell and assembly operations earning 6,433 million yuan, or 24 per cent, of annual operating income, with a 70.85 per cent increase over the same period; multi-crystal silicon operations were fully operational.
Annual operating income of RMB 3,228 million, an increase of 56.45 per cent, or 12 per cent, compared with the previous year; photovoltaic power, the largest share of the feed business in terms of agricultural plates, with an annual operating income of RMB 4,972 million, or 55 per cent, or 8.45 per cent, compared with the previous year; and food processing, livestock farming and livestock production, which generated operating income
The gross market value/flow (millions of dollars) has increased by 2.92 percentage points, and the company has been profitable as the “agriculture + photovoltaic” double-plate business has developed.
During the reporting period, companies invested 510 million yuan, an increase of 148 million yuan, an increase of 40.99 per cent. The agricultural plate should be used to upgrade the end-use, restructure the product, and increase the value of core and high-end products.
R & D effort. Photovoltaic plate R & D has invested $336 million, representing an increase of 49.95 per cent, in the areas of polycrystal silicon, silicon, battery chips, components and photovoltaic power generation, which further improves product quality and reduces production costs.
The company’s profitability has continued to improve and its solvency has improved. The 2015-2017 rate of return on net capital production has continued to grow, and the weighted average net asset return achieved in 2017 is reasonable.
Production, efficiency and co-development are striving to become the world's most pure silicon dragons. Eternal shares are so crystallized that the two main industries have gone hand in hand and developed in a “light-for-fish” coordinated fashion at a flat price, 16 million tons of silicon sales, an increase of 32.25 per cent in the same year, achieving a balance of production and sales; and the Māori rate.
46.83 per cent, an increase of 5.8 percentage points in the same year; average annual combined electricity consumption has fallen below 62 kwh/kg, well below the energy consumption standards of less than 100 kwh/kg published by the Ministry of Industry and Informationization ' s Standard Conditions for the Photovoltaic Manufacturing Industry (2018 editions); and 25,000 tonnes per package for each of the first phases of Leysan.
The annual high-purity silicon project will be in operation in 2018, when the company ' s multi-crystal silicon capacity will reach 70,000 tons per year and the product quality will be further improved, while production costs will be further reduced to increasing capacity in the solar sector.
Fertilized solar energy has grown to 2.4gw multi-crystal batteries and 3gw single-crystal batteries, respectively, to be the largest specialized solar cell producer in the world, with stable strategic co-clients depending on their size, technology and quality advantages.
Nine of the top ten downstream solar componentrs have established long-acting partnerships. Multi-crystal cell production has been reduced to less than $1.1/w, and single-crystal cell production costs have been reduced to close to $1.1/w, of which single-crystal cell processing costs have been reduced to less than 0.3/w. In 2017, the company Sun
With more than 115% of battery capacity, much higher than the global industry average of 82% of capacity, photovoltaic power provides a combined efficiency advantage and promotes affordable access to the Internet. Companies continue to focus on “fishing as one” projects, with a special focus on the development of large “light as one” sites.
At the end of the reporting period, the company completed 33 “fishing as one” power generation projects, installed and networked 487mw. In 2018, the company will actively explore the formation of an efficient epc integration programme as a provider of an industry-renowned epc integration programme to complete power station development with a network of 600mw.
Profit forecasts: In recent years, the company, based on deep-farming agriculture, has taken a huge step forward in the field, has seized industry opportunities, has achieved remarkable results in both the multi-crystal silicon and battery segments, and is expected to increase performance as the company expands its productive capacity and access to the Internet at optical parities.
(i) A significant increase in business performance, according to the company ' s annual report, the company achieved business income of $26.89 billion for the year, an increase of 24.92 per cent over the year; net profits attributable to public sector shareholders in the listed sector, an increase of $2,012 million, an increase of 96.35 per cent over the same period; net gains and losses attributable to shareholders in the listed company after deduction of non-recurrent gains and losses
(ii) The “agriculture + photovoltaic” model was well developed and the photovoltaic business was rapidly growing. During the reporting period, the company's main business was well developed. In the case of photovoltaic plates, solar cell and assembly operations generated annual operating income of $6,433 million, or 24 per cent, an increase of 70.85 per cent, compared to the previous year; the multi-crystal silicon operations achieved business income of $3,228 million, an increase of the same year.
56.45 per cent, or 12 per cent; photovoltaic operations grew fastest, by 78.327 per cent, year-on-year, and generated $793 million in operating income. For agricultural plates, feed operations accounted for the largest share, with operating income of $14,972 million, or 55 per cent, year-on-year, or 8.45 per cent; food processing, livestock farming and livestock operations accounted for operating income of $1,136 million, or 19.25 per cent; and animal pharmaceuticals, year-on-year.
Figure 3: Main income composition (US$ 10,000) (iii) Increasing profitability
2.92 percentage points, with the growth in corporate profitability as the two-plate business of “agriculture + photovoltaic.” (iv) Photovoltaic plates and traditional agricultural plates each account for half of the Māori.
The solar cell and assembly operations contributed 1,215 million yuan, or 24 per cent, and the Māori rate was 18.89 per cent, compared to 8.65 percentage points last year. Overall, the photovoltaic operations have gained momentum since 2016, with half of the traditional agriculture.
(v) Reduction in financial costs and increasing interest-bearing expenditure on research and development inputs; management costs reached $1,551 million this year, an increase of $376 million, or 32.02 per cent, compared to last year, mainly due to increases
Profitability, adaptation to end-use upgrading, product restructuring, and increased research and development on core and high-end products. Voltage research and development invested $336 million, an increase of 49.95 per cent, in the areas of multiple crystalline silicone, silicon, batteries, components, and photovoltaic power generation, further improved product quality and reduced production costs.
(vi) Sustained growth in corporate profitability and good solvency; and the impact of expanding production and related investment construction, with a steady decline in asset turnover in 2013-2017 and total asset turnover in 2017
“Agriculture + Photovolt”, developed in synergy, is committed to creating a niche in the area of segmentation: (i) productivity, efficiency and co-development, striving to become a global high-purity silicon locomotive, according to the Electronic Information Division of the Ministry of Information and Communications, with a 242,000 tons of excess crystalline silicon produced in 2017, an increase of 24.7 per cent over the same period; and silicon tablets.
Production of 87gw, an increase of 34.3% in the same year; battery production of 68gw, an increase of 33.3% in the same year; and component production of 76gw, an increase of 31.7% in the same year. The global share of production of all links in the industrial chain, which is more than 50%, continues to be the highest in the world. The level of technology continues to rise.
The advanced production lines for the transmission of polar contact technology (perc) and black silicon technology reached 21.3 per cent and 19.2 per cent, respectively, and the multi-crystal silicon process was further optimized, with the average combined power consumption in the industry falling below 70 kwh/kg. The efficiency of the business continues to improve. The benefits of the expansion of the market have resulted in a significant increase in the volume of goods delivered by the company, while the country ' s photovoltaic enterprises have been profitable as technological advances have led to lower production costs.
Levels have risen significantly, with the highest Māori rates of 45.8%, 37.34%, 33.54%, and 50% respectively for upstream silicon, silicon, and downstream inverters, power stations, etc. The domestic demand gap for multi-crystal silicon, especially for high-quality multi-crystal silicon, is still large. Industry concentration has increased further, and domestic multi-crysil silicon giants are close to or represent international advanced levels in terms of size, technology, cost and quality.
During the reporting period, Yongxiang shares, under the company’s flag, as the country’s state-of-the-art solar-grade multi-crystal silicon production enterprise, advanced management upgrading, implementation of the Amiba model, continued promotion of mitigation efficiency, optimization and upgrading of reduction rates of sedimentation and cold hydration, reduction of reduction power consumption, steam consumption, and improvement of conversion rates for cold hydrogenization.
The crystal silicon capacity was raised from 15,000 tons/year to 20,000 tons/year, and was among the top in the country. During the reporting period, Yongxiang ' s shares had more than 16,000 tons of silicon, representing an increase of 32.25 per cent over the same period, achieving a balance of production and sales; the Māori rate was 6.83 per cent, compared with 5.8 percentage points in Piti; and the annual average combined electricity consumption had fallen below 62 kwh/kg, far below the Ministry of Industry and Informationization ' s regulatory conditions for the photovoltage industry (2018 edition)
Energy consumption standards less than 100 kwh/kg; with a sharp increase in silicon powder used to produce polysilica in the second half of the year, the average annual production cost fell to 588 million yuan/tonnes.
The supply of silicon is in short supply, with the first two projects being set in motion: "50,000 tons of high-purity silicon and associated new energy." The new projects are based on the accumulation of technology and research over more than a decade, with high standards, high-quality construction and construction of the two projects, with dozens of optimizations and upgrades in terms of technological sophistication, system reliability, and so on.
The crystalline silicon project will become operational in 2018, when the company ' s multi-crystal silicon capacity will reach 70,000 tons/year and the product quality will increase further, while the cost of production will be further reduced to less than 40,000 yuan/t. (ii) The solar energy sector will continue to grow.
In the area of solar cells, combustible solar energy has produced 2.4gw multi-crystal cells and 3gw single-crystal cells, respectively, on an energy scale, and is the largest specialized solar cell producing company in the world, with stable strategic cooperation clients depending on size, technology and quality advantages, and has established long-term cooperation with nine of the top 10 downstream solar assembly operators worldwide, as shown in the figure below:
During the reporting period, compost solar energy continued to improve production capacity, with the Chengdu II 2gw high-efficiency single crystal cell project, which took only seven months to complete production and become a speed-building pole for the photovoltaic industry with a doubling of production standards compared to the 1gw phase. At the same time, the Chengdu II project led the industry ahead, leading the industry to a successful industrial smartshop of 4.0, building a global prototype of photovoltaic cell manufacturing.
Engineering. In November 2017, the company launched each of its 10gw high-efficiency silicon cell projects in Fertilizer and Chengdu, which, in conjunction with the progressive expansion of production capacity and the subsequent effective replication of the industrial 4.0 workshop, will further consolidate and expand the company ' s competitive advantage over solar cells. In 2017, the company ' s solar cell capacity was more than 115 per cent, well above the global average of 82 per cent.
Level of utilization. A 65 per cent increase in sales over the year and a Māori rate of 18.85 per cent have maintained a stable level of profitability. Successful implementation of the Industrial 4.0 project has resulted in a cross-cutting upgrading of industrial manufacturing levels, continued strengthening of management efficiency and staffing structures, and more effective promotion of win-win cooperation with suppliers, with better downscaling effects, with a reduction in the production cost of multi-crystal batteries to $1.1.
The cost of single-crystal cell production has also been reduced to close to $1.1/w, of which the cost of single multi-crystal cell processing has been reduced to 0.3/w. According to information from Outlook 2017 and 2018 in the photovoltaic industry, the cost advantage of combing solar energy is clear compared to the cost advantage of good firms in the industry. At the same time, it compares with the Ministry of Industry and Informatization.
(iii) Photovoltaic power has combined efficiency advantages and pushed the pace of affordable access to the Internet.
In December 2017, the National Development Reform Commission published the Circular on Price Policies for Photovoltaic Power Projects in 2018, which, based on current technological advances and cost reductions in the photovoltaic industry, provided for a reduction in the prices of photovoltaic power plants shipped after 1 January 2018, and the prices of poles and poles for the i, ii, ii, ii resource areas were adjusted to 0.55, 0.65 and 0.75 per kilowatt hour, respectively.
(Incl. taxes): Distributed photovoltaic power projects that were delivered after 1 January 2018 using the “spontaneity, residual access” model, the full-time electricity subsidy standard was reduced by $0.05, i.e., the subsidy standard was adjusted to $0.037 (incl. taxes) per kilowatt hour, and the price of poles was reduced to facilitate technological advances and cost reductions in the photovoltaic industry. After years of deep farming, companies established good practices with local governments.
Good relationships, resource advantages in photovoltaic projects, combined with the visibility and high quality of the company ' s products, are expected to be active in the future in the field of photovoltaic poverty alleviation. According to the plan, in 2018, the company actively explored the development of an efficient epc integration programme to become an industry-known epc integration programme provider, completing power station development and grid-connection of 600mw.
At the same time, the state's plans to implement a bid system for electricity prices have contributed to the rapid pace of the photovoltaic industry and to the declining cost of installing it. According to Pvinfolink, the price of electricity awarded in 2018 for the runners' project is expected to exceed below 0.4/kwh, which is almost equal to the price of devulcanized electricity in many provinces of the country and will accelerate the advent of the price parity era.
In the case of photovoltaic operations, the company continues to focus on the “Fisheries One” project, with a special focus on the development of large “Fisheries One” sites. By the end of the reporting period, the company had completed 33 “Fisheries One”-based power generation projects with a network size of 487mw, which have been successfully connected to the grid, including the 20mw “Fire One” photovoltaic power station at Liaoningdong Port, the 20mw photovoltage power station at Gillingstone, and the 20mw hydrophotomatic power station,
In the process of generating electricity, companies have focused mainly on building and enhancing differentiated competitiveness.
In recent years, the company, based on deep-farming agriculture, has moved to the military-volatile industry, taking advantage of industry opportunities, with multi-crystal silicon and batteries.
With the release of productive capacity and the proximity of photovoltaic parity Internet access, performance is expected to rise further to become a photovoltaic giant. The company’s net profits are expected to be $26.66, 39.70 and $4.688 billion, respectively, for the period 2018-2020, corresponding to the risks of international trade protection, overcapacity leading to lower prices, management risks associated with expansion, and policies in the photovoltaic sector.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report