The low rate of investment growth in 2019 in China is due to the fact that the non-target blood-smoking effect was fully demonstrated in 2018, considering that non-target financing, while continuing to be negative, has been converted into trust loans.
The contraction of $1.4 trillion in 2018 showed a marked improvement; the lack of optimism was due to the fact that other elements of self-financing were encouraging policies, which did not preclude a more rapid increase in capital investment. In any case, 19 years of capital construction was the focus of capital investment.
From the 19-year capital investment data that have been published, the overall recovery has been limited, but a partial breakdown of the areas is clear, with an increase in the pace of transport infrastructure investment, such as railways, orbital transport; these are areas of Chinese iron advantage.
In June 2019, a proposal was made to allow specific bonds to be used as eligible capital capital for major projects, which would help to address the shortfall in funding. As economic downward pressure increased, the latest regular meeting of the country was released in September.
More policy warms up, suggesting that “special-purpose debt should become an in-kind workload as soon as possible” and that special-purpose debt should be limited to real estate and land reserves, and that the proportion of future special-purpose debt devoted to capital is expected to rise, and that the main driver is now the policy rather than the performance, and that the policy aspect is more favourable than the valuation.
The Chinese company China Iron (601390) received 130 prizes for Chinese land and wood engineering.
China Central Iron (601390): Rapid income growth, companies owning 18 sub-contractors for railway works, while the total sub-contractors for national railway works, the decline in the Māori rate of railway operations, drags the profit up.
In 35 cases, companies accounted for more than half of the total, and companies owned the only national priority laboratory for high-speed railway construction technology in China, with companies occupying up to 45 per cent of the railway market; in the area of roads, companies owned 22 sub-grades of total road works, while the total number of sub-levels of total road works was 108.
The share of companies was 20.37 per cent, with companies occupying more than 20 per cent of the national highway market; in the municipal sector, the company owned eight sub-levels of municipal public works, while the total number of sub-levels of municipal public works was 110, or 7.27 per cent, in third place in the country, and the company was on the rail market.
The company has been leading the industry in R & D, patents, talent reserves, etc. The number of company patents has been rising for the last five years, with valid patent authorizations up to the year 2018.
At the end of 2018, the company had more than 90,000 middle- and senior-level technical personnel, of whom 1,951 were engineers, 71 were economists, 8 were masters of engineering and engineering, 10 were candidates for engineering at the national level for millions of people.
A solid pool of talent is the basis for companies’ continuous innovation and development. The country has moved deeper into asset revaluation.
During the last two years, in response to changes in the country, companies, in combination with the advantages of listed companies, have been exploring ways to reduce leverage, including debt-to-equity transfers, re-engineer equipment operations into the Second Central Bank, acquisition of private companies, technology and equity, etc.
The company’s value is considered to have a greater potential to be revalued with the revenue of the reforms. The profit forecast and the investment rating should be 8/7/6x, respectively.
The company's growth in revenue and performance is robust, with full orders in hand, an expected increase in the base of the infrastructure in the second half of the year, and major projects are expected to accelerate, with firm orders landing faster and strong performance certainty. The company's current valuation is being refined, and high-quality assets in the company's asset packs are expected to be revalued, with reference to historical valuation levels.
1. Undesirable conclusion of new business orders leads to lower-than-expected revenue recognition; Corporate revenue and performance growth is robust, high-volume orders are available, capital foundations are expected to increase in the second half of the year, major projects are expected to move fast, firm orders are landing faster and performance is high.
As the policy landscape warms, future valuation repairs are expected, and as the country's transformation moves further, the corporate asset packs are excellent, and at the industry level, the capital sector is warming up as a result of good policies.
The lack of optimism is due to the fact that the rest of the self-financing grew significantly in 2018, but this growth did not hold and capital investment continued to grow at a higher rate; the introduction did not preclude capital investment from growing at a higher rate.
At the corporate level, qualifications, R & D, patents, and a pool of talent have been rising, and companies continue to be motivated to do large jobs with a variety of quality in rail engineering, road engineering, municipal utility engineering, etc.
Of these, 18 were awarded for railway works, 22 for road works, 8 for municipal works, 18 for construction works and 1 for port and navigation works.
Over the past few years, the share of R & D expenditure has been rising, and companies have increasingly focused on the importance of R & D. In 2018, the company opened 1,293 new research topics in the context of developing physical and engineering needs. R & D has produced the first national product, a two-wheeler, and 1,300 tons of box beams to carry out construction equipment on supertonne bridges.
Over the past five years, the number of company patents has continued to rise, with 9,057 valid patent authorizations and 2,398 patents as of the year 2018. This indicates that companies are increasingly capable of autonomous research and development and possess a large number of core technologies.
A solid pool of talent is the result of a policy of sustained innovation by companies that are more profitable to capital investment: the current economy is under pressure, especially since real estate investment, which supported the entire investment in the first half of the year, is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year, and the importance of the capital totem will be further highlighted.
Performance continued to grow faster: companies reported good performance, with gross operating income of $36.821 billion, an increase of 14.73 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were $10.514 billion, an increase over the same period in the previous year
1. Undesirable conclusion of new business orders resulting in lower-than-expected revenue recognition;
China Iron Co. Ltd. is a mega-consortium based in Beijing, China. As one of the world’s largest construction contractors, China Iron has entered the world’s largest enterprises for 13 consecutive years, in 2018, in Wealth.
Top 500 companies ranked 56th and top 500th in China 13th. According to Enr 2018, the company ranked second in the world as the largest engineering contractor, except for construction in China. 1.2 companies are among the top-qualified engineering firms.
In China, iron and iron have special qualifications in a number of fields, such as railway engineering, road engineering, municipal public works, etc. Figure 1: Companies with several special qualifications. 1.3 Corporations are at the forefront of the construction industry.
Figure 2: Industry status of the company. Railways involved in construction account for more than two thirds of the total mileage of China's railways; electrical railways were built for 90 per cent of China's electric and gas-based railways; highways involved accounted for about one eighth of the total mile of China's highways; construction was under way.
The company owns the only national priority laboratory for high-speed rail construction technology, the only national priority laboratory for the health and safety of bridges in China, and the largest construction group in the field of global railway engineering and urban orbital infrastructure.
1.4 The history of the company follows the history of Ghe and China has a history of more than 100 years. In March 1950, it became the General Directorate of Engineering and Design of the Ministry of Railways of China, and then became the General Directorate of Capital Construction of the Ministry of Railways. In July 1989, the General Directorate of Capital Construction was abolished with the approval of the State Council, and it was formed.
In September 2000, separate from the executive branch of the Ministry of Railways, it was transferred to the Central Large Enterprise Working Committee. In September 2007, China Railways launched the establishment of China Iron and Steel Corporation, which was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Joint Exchange, respectively, on 3 December and 7 December 2007.
The total share of engineering equipment and spare parts manufacturing, surveying design and consulting services, and other major operations is not more than 10%. The capital is composed of three areas: railways, roads, and municipalities.
The structure of services is also gradually being optimized, with the proportion of railway engineering operations declining from year to year, the proportion of municipal engineering operations rising from year to year, and the proportion of public road engineering operations stabilizing. 32.8 per cent, 14.7 per cent and 50.5 per cent of railways, roads and municipalities, respectively, accounted for capital construction in 2018.
Municipal construction accounts for about half of the total revenues and the proportion of roads has also increased. 1.7 Revenue profits have steadily increased since the market, while investment in railways in the Wenzhou car accident has declined significantly, resulting in negative growth, with positive and faster increases in other years.
Capital investment in the second half of the year, or policy gains in the second half of the year. In 2018, against the backdrop of leverage and ppp clean-up, capital investment went down fast, capital investment went up fast, capital investment slowed down, overall fixed asset investment slowed down, and policy shifts started after July 1818, but as a result
It took time for the policy to land, and the capital started to show signs of stability in October, and the capital investment began to rebound on a monthly basis, but the rebound seemed to be over in April 19 and the previous July investment in capital in the narrow sense continued to rise to 3.8 per cent.
Construction, new construction projects are difficult to start, and capital policy is warming as a result of the long-term contraction of off-the-shelf financing and lifelong accountability for the debt of local government officials during their term of office.
During the first half of 2018, under the influence of deleveraging policies, capital investment as a whole declined rapidly, with the exception of railway investment, which began to shift in July, and railways, as part of the capital complement, began to rise back and forth. The offer in June 2019 to allow special-purpose bonds to be used as eligible capital for major projects helped solve the problem.
In September 2019, as economic downward pressure increased, the latest regular meeting of the state released more policy warmth, and the proportion of earmarked debt spent on infrastructure is expected to rise. Government funds and other funds in the pipeline, influenced by new regulations, are in negative terms for self-financing financing.
And the increase in both budget investments and domestic loans is limited, and even if they remain double-digit, it will be difficult to achieve a significant increase in capital investment based on a significant decline in self-financing, so in 2018 we saw capital investment, so how do we judge the pace of capital investment growth in 2019?
The growth rate is not positive, but it is not too pessimistic, mainly because it is because the non-target blood-smoking effect was fully reflected in 2018, considering the current pace of social integration, the unmarked financing of support for capital investment continues to increase.
Railway fixed asset investment is expected to exceed $4 trillion during 2.21305, and railway investment is expected to rise faster since this year by over $4 trillion during 2.2.1335, with an average of about $800 billion per year in 2016-2018, and by the end of 2018, thirteen.
In the first three years of the Five-Year Plan, 245.3 billion yuan in fixed-assets investment in railways has been completed, and it is expected to remain around 800 billion yuan in 19 and 20 years, so the country is expected to invest more than 4 trillion yuan in fixed-assets in railways during the Thirteen-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five, which will significantly exceed 3.5 trillion yuan in the Thirteen-Five Plan.
Since this year, fixed capital investment in railways has been growing at double-digit rates, and as the policy landscape warms, we expect that the increase in investment in railways will be sustained, with a significant increase in investment for the entire 19-year period compared to 18-year-olds.
As railway investment continues to pick up, a number of major projects will accelerate. Industry sources suggest that the scale of railway investment will be high in 2019.
The new railway start-up project is expected to generate more than $10 trillion in fixed-assets investment on roads during the period of 2.3.13 and will continue to grow during the period of 2.3.13.
Under the 13th Five-Year Plan, the country ' s total investment in roads is expected to reach 7.8 trillion dollars, and between 2016 and 2018 it will be around 2 trillion yuan a year. The projected investment rate for 2019 and 2020 is also around 2 trillion yuan a year. Thus, the total investment in roads during the 13th Five-Year Plan is about 10 trillion yuan, which is large.
The probability is higher than the planned $7.8 trillion. 2.3.2 Road investment has remained stable since this year, close to the gdp growth rate.
In the second half of the year, the rate of increase in road investment has been steady, driven by policies such as infrastructure retrenchment, ppp financing, large-scale increases in local government-specific debt, and accelerated landing of stock projects. The rate of increase in road investment was 6.2 per cent in May 19 and close to the gdp rate (6.3 per cent).
The completion rate of investment in the fixed-asset road transport industry has increased by 2.3.3.19, the number of new highways opened by over 33 and the number of new highways opened by 2019 has continued, and according to incomplete statistics, the construction of high-speed highways is currently planned to begin.
There are 33 roads with an investment of approximately $341.5 billion. 2.4-track construction needs are high, 2.4.1 against the foreign front cities, and the potential for domestic rail investment is still enormous.
A comparison of national and international first-line urban orbital traffic, compared to Beijing, Shanghai and Tokyo, shows that the total orbital mileage of Tokyo's orbital transport operations is about two times the sum of Beijing and Shanghai, and that the orbital density is far greater than that of Beijing and Shanghai.
Large investments in space. Within the country, there is much greater potential for development than in first-line cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, and in second- and third-line urban orbital transport camps in the country, which are far less dense than in the upper north, and there is hope that the increase in investment in the future will accelerate in 19 years.
Urban rail transport, as an important component of urban transport, has the common characteristics of infrastructure development and investment in the transport sector, i.e. large investments, long investment recovery cycles, and high capital intensity. But, in response to urban development needs and the need to address urban congestion and stimulate economic development, the country has been investing in urban rail transport in recent years.
Since August 2017, when the subway project was shut down, there has been a slowdown in investment in the entire national urban track in 2018. In the second half of 2018 and the first half of 2019, as the pace of project approvals returned to normal, some of the urban track projects have been approved by the National Development Commission, with a total investment of approximately $874.3 billion, and are expected to increase in 19 years.
At the beginning of 2019, the National Development and Reform Commission launched a major wave of approvals for urban orbital transport projects, with 29 urban orbital projects planned for this year. Of these, 25 projects announced investments totalling $84.49 billion, with an expected upward trend in urban orbital transfer investments.
3. China ' s China Central Railways has been globally competitive, with a compound growth rate of approximately 4.2 per cent in corporate capital revenue for the last five years, with a volatile overall growth rate in capital operations for the last five years, reaching its lowest point in 2016, followed by a roll-out in 2017
Figure 23: Growth in capital revenue over the last five years, the Māori rate of corporate capital operations has remained largely stable over the past five years, with a marked decline in 2016, mainly due to the fact that the growth rate of gross domestic product (GDP) has been stable.
At the end of 2018, the company had built projects that had received 290 national prizes for quality engineering, 175 prizes for Chinese construction and 175 prizes for Chinese land and land engineering.
Of the 130 awards, 154 awards for the design of the country’s excellent engineering survey, and 88 awards for the results of the country’s excellent engineering consultancy. The company won more prizes than Tianjin, China’s construction and China’s construction, and was ranked first in the industry.
China has won 40 per cent of the awards for 12 projects and the highest number of prizes for construction companies. Figure 25: China has won 130 prizes for the prize, and China has a clear edge in railway operations.
The company owns China's only national priority laboratory for high-speed railway construction technology, while it is one of the major infrastructure builders in the “one way” construction, and is the main contractor for the “one-way” representative project under construction. In addition, the company is involved in the construction and operation of Kyoto, Kyoto, Kyoto, and others.
High irons have reached world-class levels, bringing China’s Electrified Railways to the top of the world. 3.4.1 The company’s share of the railway market is high, accounting for almost half the share of the country’s domestic market, where the company’s share in the railway market has been maintained at over 45%, and China’s share of iron construction is comparable.
The two companies together accounted for about 90 per cent of the total, forming a double-oligarchy pattern. 3.4.2 The company has over 50 per cent of the total specialized qualifications for railway construction, 18 of which are for railway construction, and 17 of which are for iron construction in China, compared to the national railway project.
3.4.3 The expected recovery in railway revenues in 2019 is expected to be significant, and the increase in revenues from the company's railway operations is highly consistent with the upward trend in railway investment over the past 19 years.
The rate of increase in railway investment is clear, and we're judging that the company's total railway revenues in 2019 will be double-digit in comparison to 18 years. 3.5 municipal utility works are the company's new power point.
110, or 7.27 per cent, were ranked third in the country, and with the resumption of the pipeline approval process, it is expected that the company’s 19-year growth in municipal revenues will continue at double-digit rates.
The level of Māori in the company ' s municipal operations is relatively stable, and the Māori in municipal operations is higher than in railways and roads, which increases the level of Māori in the company ' s overall capital operations.
3.6.1 With 20.37 per cent or 20.37 per cent of the country ' s total contract qualification for road works, the company has an absolute advantage in road construction, an outstanding enterprise in the country ' s road construction industry, since the beginning of road construction in the 1980s.
Each of the highway projects involved in the construction of the national plan has completed more than 1,000 kilometres of road construction each year, of which 70 per cent are high-speed roads. In 2018, the company completed 2553 kilometres of road construction, of which 1304 kilometres were highways. In 2018, about 6,000 kilometres of new highways were built across the country, and 21.73 per cent of them were built.
(a) Transportation is an important catch-up for the infrastructure, and companies are extremely competitive in the road sector, and the business is expected to continue to grow at a relatively fast pace for almost two years;
History, which is expected to remain stable in the future.4 Real estate is moving into a transformational upgrading phase, and the company is one of the 16 central enterprises identified by the National Investment Commission as the dominant business in real estate development.
To follow national policy orientation, be market-oriented and focus on innovation and upgrading of traditional practices, while strengthening research and exploration of new real estate business models, such as old-age, cultural and tourist properties, niche towns, and opening up new business development spaces and new profitable growth points.
4.1 The South-West region has the largest real estate reserve, 78 per cent. By the end of 2018, the company had a total real estate reserve of 15.501 million square metres, of which the South-West region had a maximum of 11.729 million square metres, or 78 per cent, and the Long Triangle region was ranked second, with a land reserve of 52.22 million.
About 800,000 square metres, or about 5 per cent, of the Kyoto, Long Triangle and Pearl Triangle regions; annual increases in real estate sales over the past five years, especially in 2018, with sales of $53.027 billion, and a step in the same direction towards deepening the institutional reform of real estate operations, promoting internal integration, improving resource efficiency and enhancing real estate operations
Building cards, accelerating the process of de-engineering of real estate projects, achieving business income of $43,324 million, a year-on-year increase of 4.4. It is expected that the Māori rate of real estate development will remain stable in 19.
The basic mode of operation is to obtain orders from within and outside the country through competition in the market and to provide the relevant products and services as required by the contract.5 Equipment operations are competitive.
The operating income from the manufacture of engineering equipment and spare parts comes mainly from the fork in the road, tunnel construction equipment, bridge construction steel structures, engineering engineering machinery and the design, development, manufacture and sale of railway electrification equipment. In 2018, it benefited from the manufacture and installation of steel fabrics, the gradual scale-up of engineering machinery and the continued steady increase in the manufacturing of shields.
Business achieved business income of $15 billion, an increase of 10.08%. 5.2 The Māori ratio for engineering equipment and spare parts manufacturing is expected to remain stable in 19 years.
Inputs and cost management further enhanced profitability.6 Survey design and advisory services cover research, planning, consulting, survey design, supervision, and master engineering services.6 Survey design and advisory services cover a wide range of new areas and continue to expand to new areas
Infrastructure services such as packages, industrialization of products, mainly in railways, urban orbital transport, roads, municipalities, housing construction, etc., are constantly expanding to new areas of new industries such as modern trams, magnetic suspended vehicles, trans-gauge orbital transport, smart transport, civil airports, port terminals, electricity, energy conservation and environmental protection.
As the backbone of China’s survey design and advisory services industry, the Department plays an important leading and leading role in engineering, particularly in assisting in the development of building codes and quality.
The company ranked 16th out of 150 top design firms worldwide in 2018, up 9th from the previous year. 6.1 The combined growth rate of survey design and advisory services in the last five years was 8.78%.
The revenue from survey design and advisory services is derived mainly from the provision of a full range of survey and advisory services, research and development, feasibility studies and supervisory services for infrastructure development projects.
One billion yuan, an increase of 12.64 per cent in the same year, an increase of 0.96 percentage points over 17 years. 6.2 There is some pressure on the Māori ratio for mapping design operations The Māori ratio for designing operations has shown a downward trend in recent years, with 1.79 percentage points lower in 2018.
The decline was also due mainly to a downward trend in fees due to intense competition, but labour costs continued to rise. 4.29 The share of expenditure on R & D costs continued to rise.
In 2018, in conjunction with the development of physical and engineering needs, the company opened 1,293 new research topics. The research and development created the first national production of two-wheeled beams and 1,300 tons of box beams to beams to be moved with equipment for the construction of superton bridges.
7 R & D, talent, and equipment manufacturing are among the leading construction firms in which 7.1 companies hold 9057 patents. The number of company patents has continued to rise over the past five years.
There are 2,398 patents on inventions. 7.2 The pool of talent is adequate, the number of high-end talent is high, 71 are senior economists, 52 are senior accountants, one is a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, and the country stands out.
The company is able to provide a series of complex shield machines, hard rock tbm, etc.
The company is one of the three largest companies in the world that can independently produce shields/tbm and have autonomous intellectual property rights, and has developed our first composite shield, hard rock.
Shields, maximum diameter mud balance shields, maximum diameter open hard rock diggers tbm, and the world’s first largest rectangular shield and super-large-faced horse-hoe shield, have assumed the country’s first shield, the “863” program.
The capacity of 20,000 groups of products is widely applied in the areas of railways, subways and trams, and in the manufacture and installation of steel structures, the construction of corporate bridges and steel Sota products is at an internationally advanced level.
Over the last two years, in response to changes in the country, companies have been exploring a variety of ways, including debt swaps, in conjunction with the advantages of listed companies.
The value of the stock has been lower in terms of pe and pb, and we believe that with the revenue of the reform, the value of the company has a greater revalued potential.
8.1 Debt-to-equity reduces corporate leverage and eases operating pressures Debt-to-equity refers to the conversion of bank-to-business claims into asset-management company-to-business equity, which is a form of debt-intensive grouping used to dispose of bad assets.
The value of debt-to-equity transfers at the corporate level is essentially twofold: one is to effectively reduce China’s asset-liability rate for iron and iron. China’s combined-calibre asset-liability rate was 76.43 per cent at the end of 2018, a decrease of 3.46 percentage points from the same period in the previous year.
The second is to optimize the governance structure of China's Central Iron. The deal brings investors into corporate governance, with nine debt-to-equity investors appointing 11 directors and supervisors to corporate governance and major business decisions of the target subsidiary.
In 2017, the company organized a major reorganization of the assets of the company ' s listed company, Iron II, by placing the original construction works, real estate development, etc., into industrial systems such as fork, steel structures, tunnel-digging equipment and large-scale engineering and engineering machinery, which resolved the historical legacy of inter-industry competition through the replacement of assets.
The advantages, such as the construction of sorghum structures and shields, have created an independent public platform to improve market valuation through clear business modules, in line with the overall interests of shareholders in listed companies. 8.3 Acquisition of control over constant technology
On May 24, 2019, the company agreed that it would acquire TCI control by way of an agreed transfer and a waiver of the voting rights of its original shareholders. The company would be held by Sun Zhiqiang at a cost of $12 per share by way of an agreed transfer.
Some 25,099,000 shares, some 40,859 thousand shares in Sun Zhiqiang, and some 25,091 thousand shares in Sun Zhiqiang's shareholdings in Sun Xingxie Thai Equity and Investment Fund Ltd., have agreed to accept Sun Zhiqiang's waiver of his remaining shares and to sign the Transfer of Equity Agreement and the Voting Rights Waiver Agreement.
China Iron Company, China, once again owns a listed platform, has the advantage of being a supplier of component parts for the assembly of buildings. This will help to improve the industrial layout of China's iron industry, and to improve the chain of modern industries for research and development, design, production, and construction.
Integrating services in the construction industry in China, China, and China. 9 Profit forecasts and investment ratings. Corporate revenue and performance growth is robust, orders are full, the base of infrastructure is expected to grow in the second half of the year, and there are major projects.
The company is now valued at a lower level than ever before, and as the policy landscape warms, it is expected that the valuation will be repaired in the future, and as the country moves further, the p-band Chinese iron (601390.sh) in the company's asset packs will be replaced.
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.