Smart Flying Organisms (300122): Good clinical data on new crown vaccines, high growth in performance Medical organisms, 360.69 per cent increase in comparison with previous year, company new crown vaccine added to emergency use in March, pulling two
Corporate fundamentals (latest) Quarterly income and profit growth. • New crown vaccine significantly increased current performance. 2021h1 Autonomous products realize revenue
Microcard and Iyka are on the market; cow-substance bacterium vaccine has been approved for sale; new protein crowns have been restructured; stock prices (last year) have increased by billions of dollars, driving the overall growth in performance. 2021h1 proxy products have achieved revenue.
3.05 million (16.88 per cent), 9.94 million (10.18 per cent) Hpv vaccine, 3.77 million (+73.89 per cent) Pneumonia vaccine batch, 23 (0.9 million) vaccine batch, 4.01 million (+123.57 per cent) multi-sugar vaccine batch, acyw 135 (+123.57 per cent)
The distribution of other vaccine varieties may be affected by the combination of 3.16 million (+115.12 per cent) in bulk issuance of vaccines and the non-issuance of hib, which may be expected to return to normal gradually in the second half of the year, owing to the priority given to the vaccination of the new crown.
• Research and development pipelines are rich, and three new coronary vaccines are excellent in clinical data. During the reporting period, the product was in the pre-clinical phase, with flu virus fission vaccine and 23-price pneumonia vaccine for gacterium multiple sugar vaccine completed clinical trials. The company reorganized the new coronary vaccine for proteins from 2020.
The International Multi-Centred iii Clinical Trial was conducted in December of that year, with a total of 28,500 persons classified under the three-inoculation procedures of 0, 1 and 2 January, and key data for the iii Clinical Trial are now available; the data show that the vaccine is available for covid-19 of any severity
Protection effectiveness is 81.76 per cent, protection for alpha mutagens 92.93 per cent and protection for delta mutates 77.54 per cent, and the vaccine is expected to open the international market quickly in the future, with excellent clinical data.
• Profit forecasting: New crown vaccines are expected to be released on a sustainable basis, with significant implications for company performance. We maintain the forecast companies’ perceived risks; and the vaccine industry’s safety risks, without taking into account the impact of the new crown vaccine’s performance.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.