• Health-care pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences, self-research products that drive high performance growth, with excellent clinical data for the new crown vaccine, 111
Events: The company published a semi-annual report for business income of $13,171 million in the amount of RMB 9,244 million, an increase of 112.1 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $4,553 million in the mother, an increase of RMB 1 billion in the same year, an increase of 8.0 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the contribution of the Hpv series and the five-priced rotation vaccine.
Of this amount, $6.04 billion (+1474.7 per cent), the subsidiary Rongcoma achieved revenue of $5.31 billion, mainly due to the contribution of the new crown vaccine, given that the microcard had not been sold in substance in the first half of the year. 2021h1 was affected by the approval and vaccination of the new crown vaccine, the hpv vaccine, in terms of proxy products.
The issuance and vaccinations are expected to decline to a certain degree, with the release of data from the Central Court of Justice, which is expected to see a gradual return to normal in the first half of July-August, followed by a gradual return to normal Hpv with the issuance and vaccination of vaccines.
The new crown recombinant clinical trial key data for the new crown recombinant vaccine. According to the company announcement.
-2021/04/20: 221 major end-of-life cases after full vaccination, for any severity of the form of Hpv vaccine (300122)
The protection effectiveness of the covid-19 was 81.76 per cent, meeting the standards for the effectiveness of the new coronary vaccine required by WHO.The product-driven growth was high and self-generated, with 100 per cent protection effectiveness for cases of covid-19 and more severe cases and deaths.
In addition, according to preliminary analysis of the genetic symmetry, the protective effects of alpha mutagenic strains are shown.
Power: 92.93 per cent; protection of Delta variants: 77.54 per cent; steady progress in the pipeline and the harvest period. 1) Preventive microcards have been approved and the domestic nodule market has been large: 2) flu virus fission vaccine and 23 valent pneumococcal multi-sugar epidemic
The seedlings have completed clinical trials: 3) 15-priced pneumonia vaccine, vero rabies vaccine for freezing dry people, rabies vaccine for freezing dry people (mrc-5 cells) and 4-priced influenza virus fission vaccine: company layout reorganization of herpe-type vaccine (cho cells), respiratory symbiotic virus (rsv)
Self-research product dynamism, driving high performance growth, new crown vaccine, 111 issues of excellent clinical data Company autonomous products are expected to continue to work and become another core performance-driven factor; Hpv vaccine batch issuance is expected to recover as the impact of the new crown is reduced.
Self-research product dynamism, driving high performance growth, good clinical data for the new crown vaccine 111, high performance growth for the new crown vaccine 111 clinical data excellence for the new crown vaccine South China
Li Yinwen, Institute, 9 North Street, Beijing West Side, Beijing.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.