Ji Fei Bian (300122): New crown disease reported. 30/08/2021.
The company is leading the vaccine industry in both development and marketing.
Net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies netting off non-recurring gains and losses of $5,503 million, with an increase of the same value and a 9-price Hpv vaccine, as well as the autonomous product ac-group meningitis, acyw-combined vaccine, acyw 135-group meningitis
Sugar vaccines, etc. The company has a rich pipeline layout, including four new crown vaccines, 2021h1, with over-predicted profits and three rounds of clinical data. 1) Based on subsidiary intelligence flight, flu vaccine, double rabies vaccine, 15-price pneumonia.
Billions of dollars. According to income and purchase unit prices, the new crown confirmed receipt during the reporting period of about 100 million copies, the new crown vaccine received at a higher end than expected, and the profits were slightly higher than expected.
The protection rate for all strains is about 82%, for Delta strains about 78%, for serious cases 100%, for overall protection rates up to expectations, for Delta strains over-expected, and for the target overseas vaccine Delta strains competitively. The first round of vaccinations in the country is nearing completion, accompanied by the release of three rounds of clinical data.
The main industry, 201h1:hpv, was adjusted for bulk issuance of vaccines with a net return of about 1.1 billion q2 to the mother, of which 3.9 billion (+49 per cent) were received in q1 camps and about 940 million (+82 per cent) in the mother; q2 battalions received over 3.9 billion acyw 135 sugar batches for the issuance of 40.1 million doses (+124 per cent) and ac combined with the issuance of about 3.16 million doses
East Hing Stock Company reports that Ji Fei Bian (300122): the new crown vaccine was declared to have outperformed, and three issues of clinical data were excellent.
The vaccine 2021h2hpv has a significant release period, with autonomous products moving into intensive harvest periods supporting medium- and long-term growth. 1) 21h1hpv has been readjusted by the influence of Mercadón supply, customs declarations and issuance of new crowns. h2 is expected to be released significantly, with surrogate revenues expected to grow by more than 30% in 21 years, as per the year-round agreement. With the reduced impact of the new crown, the sale of nodule matrix products is expected to peak at $5 billion; three stages of clinical progress for 15-price pneumonia; four-price influenza and two-fold rabies are expected to report production in the year;
The company’s profit forecasts and investment ratings are: the company’s sales power is ahead, the sales of its agents are growing rapidly, and it is self-reliant on the weight of its products for the harvest period, and there is a source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Stock Company reports that Ji Fei Bian (300122): the new crown vaccine was declared to have outperformed, and three issues of clinical data were excellent.
Hubo-Jubo-Jubo-Jubo, a pharmaceutical specialist in the securities industry, has 10 years of experience in medical research, and has been a core member of the new wealth team for medicine.
Wang Minjie, Master of Finance, Central University of Finance and Finance, and Bachelor of Medicine, Nakayama University. Joined East Hing Securities in July 2019 to study the pharmaceutical industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.