An effective response to the virus mutagenic strains, high protection rates, and an event review of the smart-flying creature (300122) 30 August 2021.
In recent days, Twilight Bio has published key data on the reconstitution of the new coronary virus vaccine (cho-cell)ii clinical trial, with 92.93% protection for alpha muta and 77.54% protection for delta muta. The new coronary virus continues to change, and the Iwi vaccine is well protected.
With the changes in the new coronary virus, the rate of protection dropped to varying degrees. According to data released by the Israeli Ministry of Health, the anti-infection effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine fell to 39% by August, while the rate of anti-infection was as low as 16% for the second injection in January.
The findings of teams such as Yamashi suggest that China’s national extinction vaccine is still effective for Delta variants, and that the overall protection against Delta variants from two doses of complete elimination vaccine is 59.0%. And the re-engineering of the new protein crown vaccine developed by the wise-flying creature has maintained a relatively high level of protection for mutation viruses.
The protection of alpha variants is 92.93%, and the protection of delta mutants is 77.54%. In order to increase the rate of protection, strengthening the needles has become a major trend. (1) Globally, countries are gradually moving toward a new crown vaccine for vaccination.
Vaccination 1 Vaccination: The third dose of the new vaccine is still in the pilot phase in the country, but is not yet fully available. According to the team in Jong Nanshan, the latest practice shows that the level of antibodies after the third injection has increased significantly, to more than 10 times; among them, the level of antibodies in adults has increased by more than 20 times and that of the elderly by more than 30 times.
After that, the fumigation booster needle can induce a strong ig and a moderate antibody reaction, which means that the inhaler vaccine currently developed is expected to be used as a booster. 3 mrna vaccine: the first national mrna vaccine developed by the Ibo creature was officially launched in June; the Ibo biologic table shows that the mrna vaccine production cycle is 13-20 days, with time-saving costs, which could have the effect of 1+1 > 2 as an increase in needle use.
4 Reorganization of the protein vaccine: The recombinant new coronary vaccine (cho-cell) of the smart-flying creature would have required three injections, with a high protection rate for the mutant virus, which would have been more advantageous than a vaccine that needed to increase the protection rate by strengthening the needle, and would have allowed the company to further advance the marketing of the new coronary vaccine.
Products, including 4-priced Hpv, 9-priced Hpv, 5-priced and 23-priced pneumonia, and hepatitis A vaccine. Of these, Hpv vaccine was released rapidly after approval in the country, with 7,219,500 doses of 4-priced Hpv vaccine issued in 2020, an increase of 30.23%, and 9-priced Hpv vaccine approvals.
In addition, the company ' s own new crown vaccine was introduced in March 2021, and the company ' s performance increased. Investment strategy: the smart-fly bioproducts were rich, the agents were in high demand, and the autonomous products were becoming better.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude, independent and objective presence.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.