M.E.A. (300122) Medicine Organisms, Quick Release of New Crown Vaccines, Long-term Prolonged Propulsion of Vaccines, South-West Securities Research and Development Center
• Events: The company issued a mid-year report in 2021, which realized business income of $13.17 billion (+88 per cent), a net profit of $5.5 billion (+265 per cent), a net profit of $5.5 billion (+264 per cent), a net cash flow from operating activities of $6.5 billion (+1532 per cent). q2 quarter, an operating income of $9.24 billion
In the second half of the year, Hpv vaccine sales will return to growth. According to the data from the son's son, An-sensei, we expect the company to earn more than $5 billion in the first half of the year.
Net profits are over $3 billion, slightly out of market expectations. During the first half of the year, new crown vaccines were sold over 100 million doses, and under the new crown, the company is expected to realize a net profit of 10 billion yuan a year; in 2021q4 and 2022, the company ' s new crown vaccine production capacity will be used mainly for overseas exports. In traditional vaccine operations, the core product, Hpv, is issued.
A total of 49,866,000 (2020h1 vs. 58,24,000), a 14.4 per cent decline in the same year, mainly due to the concentration of the first six months of the vaccine system for the issuance and vaccination of new crown vaccines, which affected the issuance of traditional vaccines, and the projected full recovery of 2021h2, which is expected to result in the completion of 10 million batches and sales.
Reassemble the clinical data for the iii phase of the new protein coronary vaccine, which is excellent and can be released overseas. The company’s new coronary vaccine is running a global multi-centre iii clinical trial in China, Uzbekistan, etc., with a total of 28,500 people in the group. The final results show an overall protection rate of 81.8% for any new coronary pneumonia of any severity, and protection rates for more than severe conditions.
For 100%, 93% for alpha variants and 77.5% for delta variants, the effect is only slightly lower than the mrna vaccine on a global scale. Excellent clinical data will facilitate the company’s rapid opening of the overseas market, where we expect the company’s new crown vaccine product to be officially exported with 2021q4, the overseas market.
In the first half of the year, research and development costs $790 million, mainly for new crown vaccine research and development. The company continues to produce new products, ieka is on the market, and the new micro-card adaptive system for tuberculosis “diagnosing-preventing-therapeutic” has been approved and is expected to be officially marketed in 2022: 15-price pneumococcal combination disease.
The seedlings have entered the clinical iii phase, adding two more serotypes to the 13-priced type already on the market, with a wider scope of prevention, and are expected to be upgraded to the existing 13-priced pneumonia product, with a market space of over $5 billion. The Department currently has 26 autonomous research and development projects, with a strong pipeline and an active layout of mrna, a new multi-collateral price.
A cutting-edge development platform, such as a technology platform, as an absolute leader in the production of vaccines in the country, with sufficient long-term momentum.
The net profit is 4.5 billion yuan, 6 billion yuan and 7.4 billion yuan, and the net return to the mother ' s profit for the next three years is 31%. No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.