Improved supply structure, flexible performance release South Air (600029) High growth in major battalion operations and leading data industries
In recent years, revenues from company aircraft operations services have increased steadily, with passenger revenue accounting for 90 per cent of the company’s main business. Overseas markets have been opened, and passenger revenues have continued to grow.
We have a balanced network of routes, led by guests, which are based in Guangzhou at Baiyun Airport, in Beijing, in Chongqing, in Urumqi, at the heart of the country and abroad, and have a balanced network of routes. In Guangzhou, Beijing, Chongqing, Urumqi, in the 18th winter and spring seasons, the company is based in Guangzhou, Beijing, and Urumqi.
Core hub airports account for 48.1 per cent, 17.2 per cent, 22.3 per cent and 44.4 per cent respectively, with the exception of Beijing, where the company ' s share of the market in the 21 main coordinating airports is 10, and in the 21 largest.
In 2019, the new airport in Beijing was expected to start operating, changing the playing field at the Beijing hub and increasing the company’s market share.
Flutter clouds, Wangyunyun@cczq.com, with demand remaining stable, will result in an improvement in supply and demand around 3 points in 2018, which translates into an improvement in demand and supply.
The Bureau is evenly balanced and leads the field of data and has benefited from the trend of supply contractions and fare reform.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
I. The leading domestic airline leader, China South Air Co. Ltd., is an aviation company initiated and controlled by South China Air Group Inc. to unite China Northern Airlines, Xinjiang Airlines and Xinjiang Airlines with the former South China Airlines base.
Chongqing Air Transport Corporation. China Southern Air Company Ltd. successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange each year (Shanghai Stock Exchange: 60029).
China Southern Air Co. Ltd., in conjunction with China International Air Co. Ltd. and China Eastern Aviation Co. Ltd., is known as China’s three major aviation groups. The company’s main air transport operations, combined aircraft engines, maintenance, import-export trade, financial management, media advertising, real estate, etc.
The Air Group Corporation holds a total of 50.29 per cent of the shares of South Air Holdings Ltd. 2. Deep-farmer bases are being built, with Guangzhou Road being the main base of the company, the largest Chinese transport aircraft, the most developed route network and the largest annual passenger traffic.
Airlines, with 6 holding sub-divisions, including Xinjiang, North and Xiamen Aviation, with South China Shipping in Chuhai, 24 domestic offices in Hangzhou, Qingdao, etc., and 68 foreign offices in Niagabo, New York, etc. The group currently has more than 100,000 employees and operates total assets.
It's more than 200 billion yuan, and it's a map of the network of international routes on the south, and a map of the network of domestic routes on the south.
In recent years, South China has continued to launch and encrypt a network of new and encrypted flights, enhancing the transit function, using flight 6 rights, making every effort to build an international air hub for the Canton Road, increasing to 50 the number of international navigation points in Guangzhou, with 3.4 million passengers transiting each year and more than 50 per cent of passengers transiting through Europe and Oceania.
At the heart of the two sectors are South-East Asia, South Asia, East Asia, and the full-scale distribution of North America, the Middle East, and Africa's network of routes, which have become the first gateway hubs in mainland China to Oceania and South-East Asia. South China has now opened 172 routes in 68 cities in 38 countries and regions along the "one-way" route.
More than 2,200 flights per week, transporting more than 15 million passengers, intermediate or extended (i.e., air traffic on the slopes outside the country of origin and destination is granted the fifth right in Singapore)
The Chicago route stops at the Xia Gate, or the carrier transports passenger cargo from his own country to the country of agreement.
The opening of the fifth flight means that the foreign flight must not only be divided, but also be transported to a third country after the arrival of passengers and cargo.
The land must be the country to which the foreign airline belongs. Right to the market resources of a third country. For bilateral agreements between two countries, in agreement between the two countries.
It specifically allows the other party to exercise the right to transport of the third State concerned. However, in the absence of the consent of the third State, this right is tantamount to no right to flight six.
Air carriers from one country or territory carrying between two countries or regions abroad, such as London-Beijing-Seoul, will be bound by British bridge rights, but must pass through the State of registry in transit (this is third and third).
Passengers are transported to South Korea via Beijing. Four free unions are the right to transport passengers and goods between two countries or regions abroad without having to return to their home country.
7th voyage London -- Paris, carried by Hansa Airlines.
An airline from a country or region in the territory of the country or territory of the agreement Beijing-Shangdu, Japan Air, if granted by China
The right to carry passengers and cargo between two or more airports may be subject to the right of the eighth voyage to take the passengers and cargo of Beijing as its starting or final destination.
We'll get off the plane when we get to Chengdu, and then we'll fly to Tokyo.
If an airline operating in country A acquires full internal transport from country B and its own country, it may operate a domestic route in country B.
Power (independent domestic 3. Main business maintained high growth, leading business industry 3.1 Main business maintained high growth
In recent years, revenues from the company’s aircraft operations services have steadily increased, with passenger revenues accounting for the company’s main business and $112,672 million, a steady increase. As the power has been invested and the overseas market has been opened, the efficiency of passenger transportation, the efficiency of the use of lift oil, and the consumption of aviation oil, which accounts for the company’s main operating costs, has declined over the years;
The increase in depreciation costs due to the increase in the number of privately owned and financed aircraft leased by the Division has been accompanied by an annual increase in the share of the company's major operating costs of aircraft and engine losses, with major operating costs increasing by between $299 per cent and $950.36 million in 2015-2016 compared to the previous year.
The rest of the costs, such as depreciation costs, landing costs, labour costs, etc., are on the rise, and the Māori rate has fallen to three main flights in 2014-2016, with the company charging an average of 3.3 kyats per year as transport capacity increases.
The company is based in Guangzhou at Baiyun Airport, Ito Beijing, Chongqing, Urumqi, and has a balanced network of air routes at home and abroad. The winter spring seasons of 2017 and 18 years accounted for 48.1%, 17.2%, 22.3% and 44.4% of the hours of the hub at Guangzhou, Beijing, Chongqing, Urumqi, except Beijing, respectively.
The 21 main coordinating airports account for 10 of the largest airports, leading the 21 major coordinating airports at the time. The new airport in Beijing is expected to come into operation in 2019, under the North Kyoto Agreement on Cooperation in the Construction of the New Airfield Bases.
With 40% of the volume, it is hoped that the Beijing hub will change its competitive pattern and raise the level of corporate ownership. The South Air fleet will be the top in China, with an advanced fleet, the only aviation department in the country that operates a380 and has mature experience in running both a380 and b787, and the most dense and dense network of routes.
At the same time, South China has the largest number of passengers in the year, the country’s first air carrier with more than a billion passengers. As of 31 December 2017, South China operated the Boeing 787 series, 777 series, 737 series, with 380 air passengers.
754 passenger and cargo transport aircraft of the 330, 320 series, etc., out of which 268 are owned, 222 are financed and 264 are leased. The fleet is the first in China and Asia, and the fifth in the world, accounting for 16.7% of the total number of domestic aircraft, and Boeing 787 and Airfleeta 380 operate as larger inputs for companies.
The influence of the cards, the expansion of power, and the expansion of international routes provide a strong guarantee that the South is ahead of the three major flights at the same speed as the South.
3.4 The Beijing II airport base project was launched, with the addition of an expanded fleet of aircraft. In October, the company began work on a new airport base project in Beijing, where South Air, as the main base airline, assumed 40 per cent of passenger traffic on the new airport, which will increase significantly from its current share of about 15 per cent in the Beijing market.
The new airport in Beijing is expected to open in the second half of 2019, and the company plans to invest 250 aircraft in the new airport by 2025. At the end of October, the company signed an aircraft purchase agreement with Boeing for 8 b77-300er and 30 b737-8 to be delivered in instalments between 2019 and 2020.
The impact of exchange rate fluctuations on airlines is mainly twofold. First, the airline has a high extra burden.
Second, as the cumulative appreciation (depreciation) rises, the stimulus (constraint) effect on the outbounds will become increasingly apparent. In 2017, the renminbi appreciated against the United States dollar, with a year-round appreciation of about 5.8% (with a year-round depreciation of about 6.83%) and an increase in air exchange earnings.
The air transport plate, owing to its higher dollar borrowing ratio, reduced interest-rate losses due to the appreciation of the renminbi, and increased exchange gains due to the appreciation of the renminbi by airlines. Transport costs were relatively lower because aviation kerosene was priced in United States dollars.
Figure 15: Trends in the exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi (in dollars) this year ' s trend in crude oil prices (in dollars/barrells)
Figure 18: U.S. dollar liabilities in the three major shipping years: II. Supply side reform, supply and demand structure improvement 1. Supply side reform plus fare reform, guest rates and fare prices are expected to double
1.1 Adjustment of supply, widening of supply and demand, and space for increases in fares
Controlling airport time capacity: The total number of times during the above same season is the baseline, the main coordinating airport and the auxiliary coordinating aircraft are in excess of 3 per cent, and the total volume increase at the south-east side of the airport is in the range of 5 per cent, i.e., within 5 per cent at all times throughout the year.
In November, flight normal rates were 84.59%, up from 102 months after May 2009, with 71% for the entire year. In addition to the top 20 routes with a dominant base, South China has heat in Shanghai-Hin Shenzhen, Shanghai-Shanghai-Shangmen, Hangzhou-Beijing, Chengdu-Shen.
At the demand-side, the sustained growth of China’s economy has resulted in a sustained increase in air passenger traffic and a steady recovery of the cargo market since 2014.
808,000 hours, an increase of 11.6 per cent and 6.2 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year; in 2017, the total volume of air transport in our country remained at a rapid double-digit growth, with the total volume of transport in the year breaking out for the first time by 100 billion ton, reaching 10,831 million ton, an increase of 12.5 per cent compared with the previous year; the total number of passengers transported by airlines was 552 million.
Tens of thousands of tons, an increase of 5.7 per cent over the same period, and international shipping is always growing faster than domestic shipping. The supply and demand increases are still at a faster pace before winter and spring and are strictly enforced after season, with a huge supply and demand gap in the future if policies are maintained.
In recent years, domestic passenger traffic has continued to grow at a high rate.
In 2017, the South China Airlines International Rpk maintained its growth trend, and the winter and spring season flight plan. The national civil aviation flights are now ready for the season. The new season involves 50 domestic airlines, 13 Hong Kong and 143 foreign airlines, on average, on a daily basis.
The planned volume of approximately 14460 classes represents an increase of about 5.7 per cent over the winter and spring season 2016/2017. This increase is more rapid than in the case of internal airline fare management, which is clearly dominated by the General Directorate of Civil Aviation, and is administered by the National Committee for Planning (now the National Committee for Development and Reform) and in the form of government guidance.
1. Establishment of a route base price of 0.75 yuan per passenger kilometre, and movement rate of passengers and passengers in the civil aviation brigade are managed by a floating margin.
3. Tourist and sole-operated routes shall not be subject to downward fluctuations. 4. In the provinces, autonomous regions, and between municipalities directly under the Central Government and neighbouring provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the Central Government.
Short-distance routes, which have already competed with other alternative modes of transport, have introduced market-adjusted discounts that do not provide for fare fluctuations. First-class and business-class fares for civil aviation routes have been real since 1 June 2010
The Circular on Issues Relating to First-class and Business-class Ticket Prices in Civil Aviation Lines is market-adjusted at prices to be determined by the individual carriers themselves.
1. Domestic routes that compete in part with major surface modes of transport and are operated jointly by two or more airlines, with passenger fares being administered by the executive branch
2. Domestic routes using government-directed fares for passenger fares are cancelled.
The downward range limits the ability of airlines to set their own fare levels within an unlimited floating range of up to 25 per cent on the basis of base prices.
(b) The price of passengers on certain short-distance routes that compete with the main modes of transport on the ground, which has been changed from the current government-directed to market-adjusted prices.
2. Airline companies continue to be able to determine their own level of fares on the basis of base fares and within the limitless floating range of the Notices on issues related to the lost price policy, which do not exceed 25 per cent.
3. Further liberalization of competing short-distance passenger fares between neighbouring provinces and the main modes of transport on the ground.
2. It is proposed that by 2017, the price of passenger fares for domestic routes, which have become competitive, will be changed from a market regulation to a market regulation for the promotion of transport prices and tolls in civil aviation.
3. Notification of issues related to the reform of fares by 2020 in connection with the formation of competition between domestic routes for passenger fares of less than 800 km and more than 800 km with high-iron trains, provided that the mechanism determined by the market is in place
Airline passenger fares are set by air companies on their own by law.
Notification of further promotion of the number of routes for which passengers of civil aviation brigades publish their prices without discounts, in principle not to exceed the problems associated with the reform of the prices of passenger transport on board their own business
15 per cent of the total number of market-regulating routes operated during the season. 3. The cumulative increase in the prices of each route without discount must not exceed 1.2 fares, which are more liberal, and the benefits are most pronounced in the South.
On 5 January, the Civil Aviation Authority and the National Development and Reform Commission jointly issued a circular on issues related to the further advancement of transport price reform for domestic air passengers in civil aviation, a circular which further eased the range of market-regulating routes, and made provision for adjusting the number of routes per season and increases in fares: 1) 5 and above
(b) In principle, no more than 15 per cent of the total number of commercially regulated routes operated by the company during the previous season;
A total of 3.5 per cent of all flights were opened up in the north, exceeding expectations. A total of 3.1 per cent, and a total of 155, or 15.1 per cent, were flown by the 21 largest coordinating airports, and 90 per cent of all flights by the 10 top coordinating airports and the 21 largest coordinating airports were flown, in conjunction with the analysis of the capa weekly data.
Liberalization of price controls, of which the top 10 airports accounted for 42% of the flight. South Air has 32 revalued routes covering all top 10 airports, with 23.3% of the number of flights in this segment; and 21 coordinated inter-air airports, with 27.6% in South, 20.1% in East.
The number of flights was 21 per cent; these routes accounted for 38 per cent of the total number of flights by Southern Airlines itself, and also exceeded the number of flights by the State and East, which were 36 per cent and 35 per cent, respectively.
The Regulation on Domestic Investment in the Civil Aviation Industry, which entered into force on 19 January 2018, makes it clear that public air transport enterprises requiring special management of domestic investment shall maintain State-owned or State-owned holdings, in which State-owned relative holdings shall be controlled by a single State-owned investor and its controlling enterprises.
The Regulation further eases the criteria for access to civil aviation for State-owned and non-State-owned entities and encourages and supports domestic investors to invest in the civil aviation industry.The Civil Aviation Authority issued an Assessment Guide for the Use of Portable Electronic Equipment (Ped) on 16 January, which states that:
According to the evaluation guide, ped includes, inter alia, laptops, tablets, e-books, mobile phones, video players, video games, etc. The opening of portable equipment on board means that the airline is connecting to the Internet.
The growth of company-assisted revenue, coupled with the expansion of the air Internet and commercialization, is expected to boost the rapid growth of airline-assisted revenue.
The current increase in international oil prices is now estimated at an average of approximately $54/bp in 2017, compared with $13.629 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 40.11 per cent in the same year, and 12.39 billion in Eastern Airlines, an increase of 20 per cent in 2017 compared with the assumption of $65/bpb in the oil price hub, with an increase in prices.
Historically, aviation shares and oil prices had a high probability of moving in tandem, as they also reflected, to some extent, a better global economy and the demand for public travel, while, based on historical experience, oil prices had risen to around $70 per barrel, or the airline would be collecting fuel.
Increased fees. According to the latest National Development and Change Commission (NDRC) guideline for domestic line fuel plus, published on 24 March 2015, the maximum additional standard for fuel below 800 km (including) is 0.0002541 x (combined domestic aviation kerosene procurement costs - 5000) x 800,800 km or more
0.0002541 x (combined domestic aviation kerosene procurement costs - 5000) x 1500, with a minimum collection of 10 dollars, less than 10 dollars, rounded to round. Assuming that the formula remains unchanged, the total domestic aviation kerosene procurement costs would amount to 5131 yuan, 5246 yuan, more than 800 km, and 800 km, respectively.
The maximum surcharge for fuel on the next route is five dollars, rounded to ten dollars and started charging. According to the standard, the surcharge covers about 75% of the company’s costs due to the increase in the cost of fuel combustion.
According to the projections of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the balance of payments is expected to remain generally stable in 2018, with no basis for significant depreciation of the renminbi, in the context of the continued moderate recovery of the global economy, the maintenance of basic stability in the value of the renminbi, the steady growth of the Chinese economy and the absence of significant sudden external policy shocks.
With interest hikes and economic recovery in the United States, it is expected that in 2018, the renminbi against the dollar will show a two-way advantage of the Guangzhou Road, which the company has been working on, following the warming of the South-East Asian and Australian routes, and that the new airport in Beijing will come into operation in 19 and will become a major opportunity for companies to build two-hub operations and enhance regional competitiveness.
We believe that companies can maintain their operational advantages as supply-side reforms progress steadily. We expect balanced, data-leading industries to benefit more clearly from industrial trends in supply contraction and fare reform.
The supply-side reforms are not as rapid as expected and the current supply-side reforms have limited the current rate of capacity growth at the airport, resulting in higher fare prices and higher corporate profits.
If the follow-up implementation of supply-side reforms diminishes, it will affect the logic of rising fares. The trend in oil prices is the biggest uncertainty about airline profits, and the biggest cost to the airline industry, accounting for about 30-50% of total operating costs.
As the airline industry is a capital-intensive industry, the asset-liability ratio of airlines is generally high, and its financing is largely influenced by interest rate levels. Air carriers usually pay off in foreign currency when buying and leasing aircraft abroad, purchasing oil from foreign airports, etc.
For airlines operating international flights, this share of revenue will also be affected by the exchange rate because of the multiple currencies involved in the sale of airline tickets. Aviation enterprises will continue to be exposed to exchange rate fluctuations.
The company's clients (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) use the information of legal compliance to produce this report independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.