The first airline in the country, the second-line market, has a significant advantage: Southern Airlines is now China's largest transport aircraft, the most developed route network, and the largest annual passenger carrier: the fleet regulations at the end of 2017.
The number of models reached 754 with 21 per cent and 26 per cent at times on domestic and international routes, respectively, with the highest three flights; the domestic segment had a significant advantage in the second-tier market, with 12 of the 21 main coordinating airports being the first market share; and the international segment had a significant advantage in the markets of Oceania and South-East Asia, with the city being the largest.
45% and 29% in North America and Europe, second only to the state, relatively good, or the largest beneficiary of supply contraction: based on the winter spring schedule, this round of air traffic was characterized by a sharp rise in the demand over-expected occupancy rate, with only the fare remaining.
The level of certainty is gradually increasing depending on the level of activity at the airport; although the South is not as good as the State and East at first-line airports, it is as high as 45 per cent at the second-line and will benefit from the first-line airport in the future.
As a result of the spillover effects, the next-line airport supply and demand improvement will become more evident; and, assuming that the occupancy rate and the cost of tickets are not taken into account, domestic fare increases are expected to be 4.49 per cent in 2018, and 3. “Increased domestic supply and demand and high oil prices”
4.16 per cent and 4.07 per cent, with the highest performance elasticity for South China, which is the most price-sensitive. New market-regulating routes are often South China: based on the latest change in marketized notice of fares, we 4. Oil price perturbations are reduced, benefiting most from the domestic market landscape
For South China, the additional 306 market-regulating routes are heavy with South China 5.
The concentration on 21 other coordinated airports above the North is 45%; such markets are also the traditional dominant markets for South China. For every 10% fluctuation in oil prices measured by South China’s oil prices and exchange-rate sensitivity, the net profit of the public sector will be about 2.5 billion dollars; and the 1% change in the exchange rate of the renminbi against the United States dollar will affect the exchange-rate loss of about 400 million yuan.
Southern Airlines has the largest domestic fleet size and time markets, with significant advantages in the second-tier domestic market and in the international South-East Asia Oceania market: either it is the air industry that has benefited most from the contraction of supply and the marketization of fares: the internal increase in the impact of oil prices and exchange rates will reach 20 per cent.
The macro-economic downturn has constrained air demand, the civil aviation authorities' readiness for a new deal has eased prematurely, disease outbreaks and bad weather, and higher oil prices are more than expected.
The pe approach is more suitable for the aviation industry when the industry is in a state of flux; pb valuations are mainly used in the bear market or in the event of a recession in the industry, the firm’s valuation base is determined by the determination of replacement costs. The method is mainly priced on the basis of book value, and the disadvantage is that profitability is underreflected.
The disadvantage of the v/ebitda valuation method, which is less volatile, especially in the case of airline losses, is that it does not reflect significant exchange gains from domestic airlines. Companies are sensitive to exchange rate movements, so this method is not applicable.
The current overall air market demand has continued to improve over the medium to long term, while supply-side first-line airports are constantly in short supply, and the market climate will continue to rise in the coming years or years, using the pe valuation method or more appropriate at this stage.
South Air now values 13.35 and 2.1 times the performance of Pe and pb in 2018; it's in two years. Chart 2: Comparison of the valuations of the three major shipping pbs, based on comparison of the operational data for the first three quarters of 2016-2017.
The country’s largest airline, the second-tier market, has a significant advantage.
As of the first half of 2017, the company fleet had reached 717 aircraft, compared to China and East.
The company has 37% of its own aircraft, 27% of its finance chartered aircraft, and the lowest of all three flights. The wide body ratio is the lowest in terms of aircraft distribution, but it has risen gradually, from 8.7% in 2014 to the first half of 2017.
10.2%, due to the high-speed introduction of broad-body machines in recent years, the fleet of broad-body aircraft is significantly lower than the fleet of national flights and the fleet of aircraft in the east. According to the aircraft introduction plan for 2017-2019, the rate of introduction of Southern aircraft is also the fastest in the three major flights and will continue to be the largest in the country in the coming years.
Implementation of the 13th Plan and reserve capacity for the Beijing II airport, with an estimated 115 aircraft being imported and 25 withdrawn, representing a net increase of 90 aircraft, representing a 11.9 per cent increase in the fleet of aircraft of the same year; of these, 13 were brought in net, representing an increase of 16 per cent; and 77 were brought in net, representing an increase of 11.4 per cent.
In terms of data on the number of passenger miles of revenue, South China continues to be the highest of the three major flights; in 2016 and 2017, South China received the number of passenger kilometres of revenue higher than the national fleet by 9.5 per cent, 15 per cent, and East China by 23 per cent, 26 per cent.
South is 43% and East is 17% higher, respectively. According to the latest winter and spring-time schedule of 2017/18, South is in the leading position in terms of the number and timing of international domestic flights; with 21% of the time in the country, it is higher than the industry, and 17% of the time in the country and the East;
The ratio of international routes to international routes is also the highest, with 26% consistent with that of East. And South is relatively high on domestic routes, at around 32% (about 28% at the time), while the ratio of State and East is 12% and 27%, respectively (11% and 24% at the time); so considering the cessation factor, South China is considered.
Inner routes accounted for a higher proportion of internal routes at all times, at 21.1 per cent, and domestic second-line markets had significant advantages, with an international focus on the South-East Asian market, with Southern air carriers consistently accounting for the highest number of flights in the country in 2017.
Intra-routine passenger traffic was as high as 86%, domestic ask 29%, and domestic flights 84%. But since the launch of the Guangzhou Road in 2012, emphasis has been placed on the development of international routes, particularly since 2015, when the share of international ask began to rise rapidly.
Domestic distribution: South China is based on Guangzhou, Beijing, Chongqing, and Urumqi, and most of its domestic flights are exposed to radiation from four main hubs. According to the 2017 winter and spring hour schedule, South China has a large number of domestic flights in Guangzhou, Beijing, Shenzhen, Xiamen, and Xiaoshan.
South Air has a 24.3 per cent share of domestic routes at the 21 main coordinated airports, and 19 per cent for both the national and the east, with a clear lead, with 12 airports with a share of the top three; especially the second-line airport and the South China region leading the way. Because of the speed with which the company's aircraft were brought in in in 2018, the main drops were made.
The current smaller share of mainstream airports in Beijing, Shenzhen, Shanghai, Chengdu, and better-paid routes. International route layout: about 30% of Ask is now located on international routes, with the main loads spread over such dominant routes as South-East Asia and Japan and Korea; 49% of South-South flights are south-east, according to the number of flights.
In terms of market access, South China has a significant advantage on the routes of Oceania and South-East Asia, with 45% and 29%, respectively; and North America and Europe, with a comparative advantage behind national shipping.
Figure 16: Number of South voyages
Figure 19: Ratio of South-East Asian Airlines Flights
Figure 23: Oceania Airlines Flight Ratio Figure 22: Europe Airline Flight Ratio Shrunk Supply and Top Beneficiary Beneficiary Beneficiary Beneficiary
▪ In October 2017, the Civil Aviation Authority, with a view to increasing the overall airport readiness and operational efficiency, issued a number of policy measures to adjust the flight structure of the operating volume to increase the rate of flight activity (hereinafter referred to as " the following):
" Measures " , which require 21 flights to coordinate the maintenance of airport capacity standards at the main airport at all times, and to coordinate the allocation and strict application of airport capacity standards at all times: and the total number of times of the above-mentioned co-season period as a benchmark, with the main coordinating airport and the secondary coordinating airport being controlled by an increment of less than 3 per cent, and the Hu Xing line (Hilong River to Black River)
Following the promulgation of the Measures, a schedule of flights for the winter and spring season of 17/18 was introduced in November 2017. The market was limited to the main coordinating airport during the first new season since the Measures were launched.
As the air supply slowdown is expected to be more uniform, and it is assumed that the upward cycle will be followed, with fares raised, the impact on this measure, we have measured the schedule of winter and spring season flights, and we have observed a slight decline in the rate of air landings and landings at airports across the country from a temporal point of view.
From 8.4 per cent in 2016 to 7.7 per cent in 2017; from the perspective of assk, domestic routes: industry supply is slowing, and future fares and passenger rates are increasing in certainty.
The first-line airport, so the supply and demand gap for the first-line airport or landing route will widen further, thereby increasing fare prices and passenger occupancy. Souther is less than the country’s share of the first route than the country’s share of the first route, but not as much as the city’s share.
If the company’s domestic air travel rate increases by 1% per person’s kilometre per person, other air traffic prices and passenger occupancy rates have improved since 2016.
Three major aviation units experienced a recovery in passenger-kilometre earnings, with Chinese flights having the highest rate of increase in passenger-kilometre earnings because of the high quality of their routes and the relative sensitivity to fares; and South China, with guaranteed returns, had the fastest increase in passenger rates in the three flights in 2017.
In terms of the pattern of the three main domestic routes, the proportion of South is 24 per cent at first-line airports, below 27 per cent at State-to-East, and mainly at White Cloud Airport in Guangzhou, but its share in the second-line is as high as 45 per cent, and its domestic route rose more priced in 2018 and will benefit from the first-line aircraft in the future.
The spillover effects of the field, and the future improvements in supply and demand at the next level of the airport, will be even more evident. We assume that the three major airfarers have experienced similar changes in their occupancy rates, and that both the changes in supply and demand are reflected in fares (on this basis, the range of increases in fares has been raised by various routes); we assume a 10 per cent rise in ticket prices at Beijing airport, with Shanghai and White Clouds increasing by up to 10 per cent.
7 per cent for the next line, 5 per cent for other routes, with no increase in fares; and a similar increase in fares for the national/South/Easter route, with the greatest elasticity in performance for the most price-sensitive South.
Figure 27: Highest passenger occupancy rate in 2017 compared to the growth of South China (pct) Figure 29: Distribution of three major airtimes: international routes: changes in the schedule of international routes in the spring and winter of 2017, increasing speed and range
The sharp drop in the speed of supply on international routes is indicative of a drop in the supply of long range routes such as Central and Central America, where the supply-demand relationship improved best during the year; the number of flights in Central and Central America accounts for 13 per cent of the international traffic, with market rates of 19 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively, being second only to national flights.
Figure 30: Perigee sensitivity of international airline units
After notification of the issues related to the reform, 306 additional market-regulating routes will be added, bringing the total to 1030, and all first-line (wide north) flight routes will be market-regulating, with 21 main coordinated airports having more than 85% of the air-regulating flight routes.
In addition, each air transport company increases the number of routes for which market prices are not discounted for economy class passengers per season, and in principle does not exceed the amount for which market prices are adjusted for business operations during the season.
15% of the total number of lines (up to 10 lines for less than 10 routes). There has been a significant increase in the number of large airlines with more routes per season compared to the previously established 10: no discounts per route announce an increase in prices of up to 10%.
On the basis of this change in notification, we calculate that for South China this new 306 markets are regulated with the highest overlap between the routes in operation with South China, with about 203 of them far higher than the number of alternative markets in the summer and autumn of 2018.
The main coordinating airport, with a 45 per cent ratio, is also a traditional advantage market for South China. Figure 31: Number of routes allowed to open up by the three main flights during each season.
With the moderate rise in Brent oil prices, the market began to worry about the erosion of performance by rising airline fuel costs. In 2017, Brent had an average price of about $55 per barrel, while in South aviation it was expected to consume about 8 million tons.
In terms of exchange rates, according to the recent open exchange between South China, the foreign currency debt of South China now amounts to RMB 40 billion, the dollar debt is RMB 33.860 billion, the currency exchange rate changes by 1 per cent, and the exchange gain/loss effects are 400 million. Travel requirements (rpk): aviation needs continue to be civilianized, and domestic demand will remain on the rise in 2018.
The demand for domestic routes is expected to accelerate as the company ' s aircraft drops into the domestic route accelerates; and the demand for the same movement is increasing, especially with the company ' s important deployment of the South-East Asian route recovering at the end of 2017.
Figure 34: Souther Rpk acceleration 2008-2017 kilometres of passenger beneficiaries: higher-than-expected background to the process of marketing fares in an overall environment of improved supply and demand in the industry Fuel cost: assuming the average price of Brent oil prices for the whole year 2017-2019 is $55 per barrel, $65 per barrel, respectively
In addition, in order to capture the growth rate of in-house production, we have measured the rate of growth in the performance of the company based on the above assumptions, after eliminating the impact of oil prices and exchange rates.
Long, the unit cost of oil prices has remained unchanged since 2015, at $3922 per ton, with the renminbi exchange rate declining in 2018 and  macroeconomic decline. This will result in a significant weakening of demand for air passenger and freight transport, as well as in a disincentive to higher prices, which will have a negative impact on corporate performance.
▪ The Civil Aviation Authority’s high-predictability implementation of the New Deal may result in pressure on fare prices and even price wars if the rate rises faster or will result in the Authority’s premature easing of civil aviation supply restrictions, a smaller contraction in the air industry’s supply, or a continued increase in capacity.
Extremist events. The effects of disease outbreaks and bad weather will have a devastating impact on aviation demand.  Oil price increases are more than expected.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, and then an average of the final ratings as the average market investment