At the end of q2, the total assets of the Postal Bank increased on a year-to-year basis.
Between 8.53 per cent and 16.41 trillion yuan, the rate of increase slowed significantly at the end of q1. The main reasons are: on the one hand, the q2 enterprise general and personal loans increased significantly in relation to the scale of demand slowdown and deflating (as shown in figure 1); on the other hand, the q2 buy-backs have declined considerably and the overall assets have been held up more significantly.
This is a significant increase, consistent with the trend of other state-owned banks, reflecting the firm’s initiative to increase the collection of votes in a context of weak demand in order to keep credit stable. It is worth noting that, in the light of the slowdown in demand, corporate lending continues to have a comparative advantage with other major players, with a net increase of q2 mortgage lending in excess of $20 billion, the only bank in the state-owned bank that is growing.
Corporate deposits are growing more seasonally, with regularization rising with industry. As a result of the governance “manually compensating” q2 other countries, the growth in savings by companies with a business is significantly weaker than seasonal.
Since q3, the impact of financial crowding has been largely eliminated, and the growth of public deposits is expected to return to normal. Structurally, the periodicization of deposits in the last half of the year has increased with industry (figures).
The financial cycle between the individual and the enterprise sector is still blocked in a context where the needs of the population are weak.
On the other hand, because of the recent increase in the share of low-interest coupons in the bond portfolio, owing to the higher volume of government debt issued and lower interest rates. On the other hand, the q2 rate fell slightly by a smaller q1 margin. At the end of the debt, the rate of measured interest payments was 1.47 per cent, which continued to fall by about 6bp over the same period, mainly because of the continuing effect of multi-wheel deposits.
In comparison with other state-owned banks, the effect of the decline in interest rates at the Postal Bank since 2023 is more pronounced. At this stage, weak demand still puts some pressure on interest rates, but taking into account the slower pace of pricing in the second half of the year, releases are renewed. Overall, improvements in deposit rates under the current conditions are expected to cover a greater degree of downward pressure on assets (figure 5).
In addition, if the interest rate on housing loans in stock is adjusted, the rate of interest will be higher or more negatively affected. The savings will be reduced or followed up when pressure increases in the current industry.
There has been a marked decline in income from insurance operations carried out by the Postal Bank agents, and a significant delay in commission revenue (see figure 6). The bank cards have also declined as a result of factors such as slowing consumption among the residents. The settlement fees are almost equal.
The base for the second half of the year is low, the macro-policies have been active or have contributed to an increase in market risk preferences, and the revenue from agent operations has been reduced or significantly reduced. Credit risk in a single loan has risen as the industry has been doing well in terms of the quality of public assets.
Risk pressures rise with industry: the concern category and the overdue rate have risen as a result of forward-looking indicators (see figure 7); dynamically, the negative rate of generation (with write-off, annualization) has risen to 0.36 per cent in recent years. q2 postbank badness and provision coverage have remained stable due to poor recognition and care. In one lending area, the poor rate of operating loans has risen with industry (figures).
8) reflects the increased pressure on weak market players to operate; housing loans, consumer loans and credit card loans have stabilized or declined, maintaining a comparative advantage over the industry. The current upward trend in risk in the residential sector is more pronounced, but it is expected that the risk of individual loans by the PSB is manageable due to very low concentration and a better customer base. For the public sector, the overall asset quality is stable and worse than that of the public sector.
In concentrated industries, the poor rates in manufacturing, rental, commercial services, real estate, etc. (as shown in figure 9) and wholesale and retail trade have been affected by increased market environmental impacts. Although a loan disturbance still exists, it is expected that the overall PBS asset quality indicators will remain stable owing to good quality of public assets and poor identification and disposal.
Savings agency fees will be linked to the rate of increase in revenue, which is expected to have a positive impact on profits in the second half of the year. While the performance of the Postal Bank has maintained an advantage in the larger business, under the existing agency mechanism, bank savings agent fees have been less synchronized with receipts (the first half of the year was clearly higher than in the latter, as shown in figure 10). This year, savings agent fees have been taken up more than their counterparts.
In principle, savings agency fees are not faster than bank receipts, and there is now agreement between the two. The company expects to publish a specific adjustment scheme at the end of September, which will be implemented retroactively from the second half of the year, after the shareholders meet.
Profit forecasts and investment recommendations: q2 loans are slower, asset interest rates and surrogate business revenues continue to be under pressure, business performance is robust in the camp environment, and the current valuation is at a historically low level, maintaining an “upper” rating. Figure 12024q2 PBG general loans, personal loans plus less, bill discounts more than in the same year, in billions of dollars
Figure 22,024q2 Reserve Bank increases the size of the increase in public deposits over the same period in recent years: 100 million yuan; figure 32024 shows an increase in the ratio of individuals to company fixed-term deposits in the first half of the year; figure 42,024q2 Provident Bank has a stable single-quarter interest margin, with a sharper reduction in the ratio in the right-hand axis units in the same period: bp
Figure 7 Reserve banks have a stable rate of badness, concern and increase in the rate of overdue: % Appendix: three series of forecast statements, using data information for legal compliance, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.