The net profit growth of the first three quarters of Shanghai Bank is largely in line with our expectations, with improvements in fees and fees, and further improvements in the business structure. The company’s poor generation in the third quarter has accelerated, followed by changes in asset quality.
Given the economic advantages of the company’s region and the continued optimization of its business structure, the growth rate has been maintained. Lending has been growing faster, with concern for changes in the quality of assets, improved performance of fees and fees, and slower growth of net interest earnings.
The Shanghai Bank increased its net profit by 14.6 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, largely in line with our expectations (14.9 per cent), and compared with the high income margin of 12.0 per cent in the first half of the year (vs), which was an important factor in the growth of interest income during the same period last year.
A 1.3 percentage point increase is expected to be driven by investment and finance-related business revenues. While the pace of asset end-of-end expansion has slowed in the last three quarters of Shanghai Bank, the structure has been further optimized, and lending has remained faster (3.72%, qoq) than asset expansion (1.05%, qoq)
Debt release plans, when stock transfers are completed, will further strengthen the company’s core capital to better support corporate expansion. At the end of the debt, the company’s three-quarter savings perform better (3.00%, qoq) and are expected to increase at a much faster rate than, according to our initial caliber, the three-quarter one-quarter interest spread ring is almost equal to the two-quarters.
End-of-cycle optimization contributed to a single-season interest-bearing asset return by 4 bp; but the end-of-cycle cost was 4 bp higher than Piti, and we judged it to be related to the higher cost of deposits, while the end-of-cycle liability cost improved.
As a result of this acceleration, we measure the unsound annual rate of generation of the three-quarter seasons, 1.38%, up from about 70bp in the second quarter, and will need to be kept abreast of changes in asset quality in the future.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting, economic downswing is more than expected for asset quality decline.
The performance of fees and fees has improved and interest net revenue has slowed down.
The first three quarters of Shanghai Bank net profit increased by 14.6% over the same period, largely in line with our expectations (14.9%), a small increase from the first half (14.3%). But corporate fees and fees performance has improved since this year, with an increase of 10.4% over the previous three quarters, and 1.3 percentage points over the previous six months, although the pace of expansion of Shanghai Bank assets has slowed down in the third quarter, the structure has been further optimized, and lending has remained fast-tracked.
qoq (3.72%, qoq), faster than asset expansion (1.05%, qoq), which boosts loans by 0.9 percentage points at the end of the six-month comparison, supports corporate business expansion. At the end of the debt, the company’s three-quarter savings perform better (3.00%, qoq) and is expected to increase faster than industry averages, with a single-season interest spread ring being roughly flat compared to the two-quarters, in which asset-end structure optimizes contributing to a single-season interest rate return by 4bp; but negative
The debt-end cost rate is an increase of 4bp, which we judge to be associated with higher deposit costs, while the cost of the liability-ending peer liability has been reduced. Bad generation has accelerated, attention has been paid to changes in asset quality. Shanghai Bank has a negative end-of-season rate of 1.17% and the ring has dropped by 1bp over the second quarter, but one season has accelerated, and we measure the cost of bad production.
Quarterly provision coverage has been slightly reduced by 0.78 percentage points to 333 per cent over the second quarter, loan allocation has been reduced by 4bp to 3.90 per cent, and the base of provision has been substantially higher than the net profit gains of the first three quarters of the Shanghai Bank, with improved fees, improved business structure and further optimization.
Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development. An ambitious view of economic development affects the real economy’s performance and profitability, thereby affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Downwards, banks’ asset quality is at risk of deterioration, thus affecting their profitability. At present, US-American trade pulls saws, macroeconomic uncertainties, and, as a follow-up, economic dynamics need to be closely monitored.