M.M.M. (300760.sz) Medicines Group acquired a brand of well-known in vitro diagnostics from overseas and contributed to the sea.
On July 31, 2023, the company announced its intention to acquire diasysdiagnosticsystems.
After the transaction is completed, the company and its subordinates, 2. Domestic policy drives rapid growth, and foreign high-end breakthroughs - Méri Medical.
The company will be included in the company’s consolidated statements. After the completion of the delivery, the Murray Holland will contribute three-quarterly reviews of Euro2022.10.28 million in support of the company’s future business development, with a total transaction value of about Euro2022.10.28 million.
3. q3 Performances meet expectations, and policies such as high interest rates contribute to robust growth - Méri-Doctor improves the layout of the offshore supply chain platform for all-line and in vitro diagnostic products. diasvs collect €7.27 million, net profit is €4.7 million.
This M&A will enable the company to import and improve the supply chain platform for full-line external diagnostic products, such as chemical light, overseas, accelerate the company ' s in vitro diagnostic operations, and the integration of resources will progress steadily, accelerating the global distribution. As of the end of 22 years, companies in North America,
In Europe, Asia, Africa, Latin America, etc., 51 offshore subsidiaries have been set up, with revenues from international industry exceeding $11 billion (+17%), contributing to sustained business growth. According to the Dyasys official network, they are located in Germany, China, Japan, France, Russia, Brazil, etc.
There are subsidiaries, suppliers around the world, and a cadre of in vitro diagnostics with an international perspective. This acquisition allows companies to pool resources and accelerate globalization.
The sustained breakthrough has led to high growth in overseas operations, with the company’s international in vitro diagnostics growing by more than 35% in 22 years. Diasys has been working deep for more than 30 years in biochemical reagents, Quality Controls, and calibrations.
(c) Building profits, improving research and development of the company ' s in vitro diagnostic products, as well as quality control and calibration packages, upgrading the competitiveness of the products and achieving a breakthrough in the client base.
Without taking into account the impact of M & As on the statements, we expect the period 2023-2025 to be a net return of companies less than anticipated risks; exchange rate risks; R & D progress less than expected; and market competition Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market
Within a week, within a month and in February.