Méri Medical (300760) Medical biology 23h1 performed as expected, with a strong recovery in regular operations, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incident: The company released its mid-2023 report, with a total revenue of $18.480 billion (+20.3 per cent), a net profit of $6.440 billion (+21.8 per cent) from the mother, a net profit of $6.34 billion (+20.8 per cent) from the non-patrimony and a net cash flow from the business activities of $4.48 billion (+10 per cent).
There are no significant variations in operating costs and high levels of profitability. The four rates of 26.6 per cent, with sales costs increasing by 8.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, have not changed significantly; the financial costs have decreased by 156.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to changes in exchange gains and losses; and the development costs have increased by 40 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the continued strengthening of research and development inputs.
• There has been a significant increase in the growth rate of life information and support products, with multiple factors driving the rapid growth in performance. According to the sub-operation line: 1) Life information and support income of $8.67 billion (+28.0%), the domestic growth rate is about 46%, and the overseas growth rate is about 6%.
Emergency purchases of equipment needed for the disease increased significantly by more than 60% in the first quarter of the year. As of 23 years, consumption had recovered significantly with the recovery of consultations, driving up an increase of about 38% in the second quarter of the year.
At the end of July, the company issued an announcement that it intended to use cash as cash.
Exterior high-end products are growing rapidly (2023-04-28), 75 per cent of the shares of the diasysdiagnosticsystems are acquired, and overseas in vitro such as chemical light is improved.
Supply chain platforms for diagnostic operations, capacity-building for overseas localized production, warehousing, logistics, services, etc. During the period, high-level R & D promoted product up-scaling, and since March this year, domestic ultrasound procurement has recovered significantly along with the recovery of diagnostics and the promotion of video seasons 2.
In the United States, the growth rate is about 36%, and in the first half of the year it is about 18% ultrasound. But considering the next advances in external environmental impacts, Europe and Roan grew by more than 20% in the second quarter of the year.
Companies continue to scale up their product innovation and development, especially in high-end areas. In this context, they accelerate the expansion of the application of the SWF's ecosystem in the courtyard.
The databank is complementary to, and integrated with, the clinical databases available in hospitals and contributes to the research of data.