Murray Medical (300,760) launched a new capital + offshore high-end client breakthrough, with high growth in life information and support operations. 2023h1 company life information and support production lines generated $8.667 billion (+27.99 per cent), on one side
Led by the build-up of incu wards in q1 countries, companies are pro-actively tilting their output towards related heavy-deficiency products, resulting in an overall increase in O1 production income of more than 60 per cent; on the other hand, they benefit from the accelerated movement of products to high-end hospitals in the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Spain, Australia, Indonesia, Mexico and Turkey.
As of 30 June 2023, the country’s new healthcare infrastructure and market space for release still exceeded $23 billion and will continue to make a significant contribution to the growth of production lines over the next two years.
In vitro diagnosis q2 shows a better recovery and strategic M&A consolidation of the internationalization base. 2023h1 achieved $5.975 billion (+16.18 per cent) in in vitro diagnostic operations, with an increase of more than 35 per cent in single q2.
And the installation of instruments such as blood cells (bc-7500 series), chemical light (cl-8000i), biochemistry (bs-2800m), condensation (cx-9000), tla running water lines is well under way, of which bc-7500 are over 1,000, with an expected contribution of over $1 billion a year; 2) overseas: accelerated by M&A and self-building
In addition, on July 31, 20233, the company issued an announcement to acquire 75% of the stock of the diasysdiagnostic by means of a thorough mapping of overseas supply chain platforms.
Capacity-building for overseas localization of production, warehousing, logistics, services, etc., has been strengthened in a comprehensive manner, laying a solid foundation for the internationalization of corporate out-patients. The high-end images in the courthouse have accelerated breakthroughs, and the up-linking of new products has driven the increase in overseas penetration.
The company’s medical image business generated $3.701 billion (+13.40 per cent), with a single q2 increase of over 35 per cent, mainly as a result of the rapid domestic and foreign release of the high-end ultrasoundr series and the new medium-to-high-end ultrasoundi series.
The proportion of secondary- and tertiary-level hospitals in the company's ultrasound income has increased year after year, and the ratio of high-end ultrasounds has been more than half; 2) Overseas: the introduction of multiple new items has led to a constant shift from medium- and low-end to high-end portraits of households with ultrasound operations in overseas markets.
During the period, there was a steady increase in costs and increased profitability. Key financial data for 2023h1: annual report 2022 for Méri for the period 2023-04-29 and one quarter 2023: balanced growth of operations, high domestic and foreign
Expeditious client group penetration Declined by $1,397 million, expected to be delivered gradually at the beginning of the year with advance receipts for respiratory products; 3 accounts receivable: tri-quarter evaluation 2022-10-30 Murray medical reports: icl
(b) Operating cash flow: $6341 million (as compared with +9.96 per cent) matches the net return profit of the parent. 5th Main Camp R & D inputs drive technology overlaps, high-end products and solutions continue to be enriched. 2023H1 Company
The R & D investment is 2,040 million yuan (+40.07%) or more than 11% of the total revenue. High-level R & D investment guarantees companies a number of bottom-level technological innovations and the integration of innovations, and continuously enriches the product matrix.
ux54k fluorescence camera system, 5mm optical chest cavity mirror, ultrasound high frequency integrated surgical equipment, new generation defibrillator series beneheartd, new generation anaesthetic system a7/a5, benefusion /tv50, new platform operating bed flagship v9, 4k digitized operating room II, animal exclusive supervision
Ivetal3; 2 In vitro diagnostics: Introduction of core antibody tests for the infectious disease reagent hepatitis B virus Reagents Reagent boxes, hypertensive reagents for ellipse second generation and renaloid second generation reagent boxes, inflammation reagents for inflammation reagents 6, full autocator analysers cx-6000, full automatic microbiological identification
Pharmacists af-600 et cetera; 3 medical images: animal-specific vetus 60, drvetixs 300 et cetera. In addition, it is expected that in the second half of the year, new products will be introduced, such as super-high-end, full-body, high-end heart, super-high-end, high-end, high-end check-up desktop, and so on.
Investment proposals: The company is the leading provider of domestic products, the best-selling medical equipment, high-end, diversified and globalized development strategy that helps the company grow into a global medical equipment dragon, slowing down the risk of equipment orders falling short of expectations, less advanced overseas sales, new products.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.