Proposed acquisition of 75 per cent of diasysdiagnostic shares, vd Operations International (300760 sz)
• The proposed acquisition of 75 per cent of diasysdiagnostic shares to upgrade the company's vd block overseas power was announced on 31 July to buy diasys held by Gorkaholdinggmbh in cash through its wholly-owned subsidiary Murray Global (Hong Kong) Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries in Hong Kong
In addition, Euro30 million has been allocated to support the future business development of the target company, which totals about Euro145 million. Murray's medical acquisition of Diasys has contributed to the rapid upgrading of the internationalization of the company's vd block.
In vitro diagnosis shows a large sample of the medical market. We maintain the overall profit forecast, with a full break-up of the large sample client base of the help company vd abroad projected for 2023-2025, with internationalisation on the horizon, facing a $40 billion global in vitro diagnosis market, with corporate vd plates earning less than $400 million overseas in 2022.
Gold, which currently accounts for less than 1% of the total revenue from small sample customers, is largely due to the company's lack of offshore supply chain platforms, which has become a bottleneck for corporate internationalization, especially for medium-sized sample customers. By this merger, it is expected that the M.M.I.D. product will be upgraded.
The company’s ability to deliver and localize services overseas in a timely manner is also expected to improve its ability to market, user services, and clinically overseas plates.
*Diasys is a world-renowned ivd brand with a good industry profile, and is expected to work with Murray's instrument business.
Breakthrough progress – Corporate Information Update, entitled "Providing from new medical infrastructure and high-end offshore windfalls, net profit of Euro4.7 million. Diasys is more powerful in developing quality calibrations, and can work with Murray's machine.
Cracking, robust performance growth — The company ' s information update business has produced significant synergies to complement the Meriivd product package and effectively upgrade the performance of the detection system.