Globalization continues to deepen and the scale of performance expands steadily.
Quarterlyly, in 2023, q1 and q2, the company achieved a record high of quarterly and parent net profits, reaching a single quarter of 10 billion levels, mainly to benefit from the company's life information and to support business, in vitro diagnostics and medical video operations.
In 2023, h1, the life information and support business grew rapidly. In the first half of 2023, the company ' s life information and support business generated $8,667 million in operating income, an increase of 27.99 per cent over the same period. On the one hand, the epidemic prompted the development of a new medical infrastructure in the country and the expansion of the demand for medical equipment in large public hospitals.
Much of it is based on large, court-wide projects, and Murray, with its leading brand advantage, is rapidly expanding the domestic market for life information and support. On the other hand, corporate life information and support is accelerating the penetration of high-end clients abroad, in the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Spain, Australia, Indonesia, Mexico, and the United States.
In the first half of 2023, the company ' s medical imaging industry recovered from domestic ultrasound purchases since March this year, with companies in their traditional ultrasound rooms and new ones.
The clinic has accelerated the high-end breakthrough, with hospitals at levels II and III rising their share of the country’s ultrasound income from year to year, and high-end ultrasound accounting for more than half of the country’s ultrasound income. On the international market, it has benefited from a heavy pound of new blasts such as the new medium-to-high-end desktop ultrasound i series and the multi-higher Poc ultrasound.
The Division’s ultrasound operations will fully open the way from mid- and low-end clients to high-end clients. q2 in 2023, corporate in vitro diagnostics recovery. In the first half of 2023, corporate in vitro diagnostic operations accelerated the resumption of routine clinical activities in domestic hospitals since March of the year, with a clear consumption of in vitro diagnostic reagents in the country.
Growth, with heavy-pound instrument loading performance continuing to be bright; and accelerated capacity-building in overseas markets, with large sample client breakthroughs still accelerating overseas, leading to the first half of the in vitro diagnostic business, on 31st of the month, the company announced that 75% of the diasysdiagnosticsystems were to be acquired in cash.
With the completion of the handover, the company, drawing on past cross-border M & As integration and management experience, through the Dyasys report, is at a medium and high risk. Progressively importing and refining supply chain platforms for offshore in vitro diagnostic operations, such as chemical light, to strengthen overseas ownership
Capacity-building in local production, warehousing, logistics, services, etc. The offshore supply chain platform will be built in a way that will help companies to accelerate the break-through of the bottlenecks of large sample customers overseas and accelerate the internationalization of the in vitro diagnostic business Investment proposal: companies are at the forefront of domestic medical equipment, innovation and brand power, products.
Risk-taking; managing risks in business; product-research and development risks; selling new products less than expected risks. Report that “positive” investors are only suitable for use of studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” levels, that “radical” investors are suitable for use of the various risk-level levels of our Division.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.