Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Comparison of company prices with trends of 300 depths
The company ' s life information and support line generated revenues of about 8667 million yuan, or about 6 per cent. Emergency purchases of equipment for critical conditions increased significantly, with companies actively tilting their capacity, with an overall increase of over 60 per cent in the production line q1.
Corporate statistics show that, as of 30 June 2023, the country’s new medical infrastructure still stands at over $23 billion, and will continue to make a significant contribution to the growth of production lines over the next two years.
Internationalization period RMB 5,975 million in operating income from the in vitro diagnostic operations of the company 2023h1
Solu, with blood cells (bc-7500 series), chemical light (cl-8000i), biochemistry (bs-2800m), coagulation (cx-9000) and tla waterlines in progress, has more than 1,000 machines, with a potential contribution of more than $1 billion a year.
Overseas: Through M&As and self-building, accelerated platform capacity-building, the largest sample of clients accelerated breakthroughs, with 2023h1 breaking through more than 70 third-party overseas chains. In addition, the company announced on July 31, 2023 that it would acquire 75% of the stock of diasysdiagnostic.
Capacity-building for overseas localized production, warehousing, logistics, services, etc., will be fully enhanced through an in-depth deployment of offshore supply chain platforms, laying a solid foundation for the internationalization of the company ' s in vitro diagnostic operations.
• Image plate, medium-high end ultrasound income as a percentage of the increase, with domestic growth of about 10 per cent and overseas growth of about 16 per cent, mainly as a result of high-end ultrasound r, 2.22q3 performance in line with expectations, platform, high end
In the first half of 2023, companies outperformed more than 110 fully new high-end customers. Domestic: as domestic ultrasound procurement recovers, companies' high-end technology and products push forward.
New, high-end ultrasound ratio is more than half; Overseas: Multi-news launch has made it possible for corporate ultrasound clients in overseas markets to move from medium to low-end to high-end.
Twenty-three times, 19 times. The company is the leading medical equipment enterprise in our country, which operates in an integrated and profitable manner and maintains its “buy-in” rating. Contact person: Li Xing, Research Assistant, who is mainly responsible for research on medical equipment and the ivd industry.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.