Medical (300,760) Pharmacology biomedical devices Resumption of routine diagnostics, in vitro diagnosis and medical video production rebounds in the second quarter
Events: On 29 August, the company released its semi-annual report for 2023, the net cash flow generated by its operations in the first half of 2023 was $4,483 million, an increase of 9.96 per cent over the same period.
The video production line rebounded in the second quarter and the total equity/flow (million shares) divided the company ' s revenues from the three main production lines in the first half of 2023 as follows:
Income from life information and support product lines was $8,667 million, an increase of 27.99 per cent, or 46.91 per cent. From December last year to February, the domestic market built icu homes with significant accelerations, emergency equipment for serious illnesses such as monitors, respirators, injection pumps, etc.
Reporting: rapid growth in all three production lines, substantial increases in purchases, significant shifts in the company ' s capacity over the period in terms of related heavy-deficiency products, market performance of many new products.
Income from life information and support operations and the domestic market amounted to more than 60 per cent in the first quarter and 5,975 million yuan in the in vitro diagnostic product line, an increase of 16.18 per cent over the same period.
This compares to 32.34%. Since March of this year, conventional operations such as the consumption of in vitro diagnostic reagents have begun to recover rapidly, often as the country ' s hospital routines have grown faster and more rapidly.
2022/10/27 The production capacity of regulated products has also returned to normal since March, resulting in an in vitro diagnosis at Méri II (300760).
Quarterly rebounded, with growth of more than 35 per cent in the second quarter.
Growth, Continued Expansion of the New Capital of Medical Services -- the rapid upswing of the high-end, offshore and high-end client base from the high-end ultrasound series of the high-end ultrasound series and the new medium-high-end ultrasound-i series -- has seen a rapid growth of more than 35 percent in the second quarter of the year.
Financial data are robust, maintaining high net interest rates Sales, R & D, administrative and financial rates for the first half of the year, and corporate sales and R & D rates have increased in the first half of the year 2023.
In addition, the increase in sales costs is related to the increase in marketing activities in post-epidemiological countries. We estimate that, in the long run, the company’s research and development costs have been very fruitful and have led to technological innovation in the industry.
In the first half of 2023, in the area of life information and support, the company launched the ux54k fluorescent camera system, 5mm optical chest lenses, ultrasound high-frequency integrated surgery equipment, a new generation of defibrillators in the Beneheartd series.
Benefusioni/u Series Injection Pump/Infusion Pump, Benefuseration Magnetic Resonance Translator machine tv80/tv50, new platform operating bed flag v9, casket surgery room solution (Handing Tower), 4k Digital Surgery Room II, Hylyedc Series Surgery light, vetal3
New products and solutions, such as tutors. Currently, the technology level of the key products of the life information and support business is gradually gaining global leadership, while the business has, over the past three years, seen significant breakthroughs in high-end client groups and cross-cutting increases in brand influence.
At the in vitro diagnostic production line, companies have accelerated the build-up of local platforms such as manufacturing, logistics distribution, clinical support, and int services in the off-shore diagnostic market through M&As and self-building. In the first half of 2023, companies succeeded in breaking through more than 70 third-party companies abroad.
The lab is locked up, and the number of breakthroughs exceeded last year. At the same time, the company's integration with the Seagull Bioresearch and Development Corps is well under way. In the second half of this year, the company will launch a three-cardocardial marker reagent that is fully industry-led. In the future, the company will invest more in the development and operation of seagull organisms.
In order to achieve global competitiveness in the products of chemical luminous operations within three years, the company has launched new products such as vetus 60 low-end desktop colours, vetixs 300 animal smart-drs. The company is also expected to launch a super-dr in the second half of the year.
In the future, the company will continue to be guided by the needs of its clinical clients, developing improved maternity, heart, routine diagnostic recovery, and a rebound in the second quarter of the in vitro diagnosis and medical video production line.
Clinical solutions such as tubes, anesthesia, interventions and, through technological accumulations in ultra-high-end ultrasound, a comprehensive breakthrough in high-end client groups, both within and outside the country, to accelerate national production and market occupancy Profit forecasts and investment ratings: based on corporate core portfolio analysis, we anticipate
Risks of increased intensity, abuse of key core technologies or disclosure of technical secrets, recovery of routine diagnostics, recovery of in vitro diagnostic and medical video production lines in the second quarter of the year
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute an offer or an inquiry into the sale of the securities in question.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.