Murray Medical Care (3007.sz) - mid-2023 Reported positive performance, “Internationalization + platforming” with remarkable results zhangjiabo@guosen.com. cnzhangchao4@guosen.com.cn
Billion (+21.6%). From the end of last year until February of this year, the construction of the incu ward in the country has increased significantly; in March, with the accelerated recovery of routine clinical activities in the country ' s hospitals, there has been a rapid recovery in conventional operations such as the consumption of in vitro diagnostic reagents and ultrasound purchases, and the production of conventional products has returned since March.
Normal, resulting in an in vitro diagnostic and medical image operation and an increase in international market speed rebounding in the second quarter. Life information and support operations continue to benefit from the new medical infrastructure, while in vitro diagnostic operations break through the 52-week maximum/minimum price in bulk overseas.
High-end clients. In the first half of 2023, 8667 million yuan was collected for life information and support operations, $5.97 billion (+16.18 per cent) for in vitro diagnostics, and the performance of heavy-pound instruments in the country continued to be bright, while the breakthrough of large sample customers overseas continued to accelerate, driving growth in the second quarter.
35%. The bc-7500 series has more than 1,000 installed, further consolidating the company’s position as the first-ever blood cell industry in the country, and is expected to be the first to achieve a $1 billion revenue breakthrough in the third year on the market. More than 70 third-party labs abroad were successfully broken in the first half of the year, more than last year.
Video operations generated $3.701 billion (+13.40 per cent) and domestic ultrasound procurement has been gradually recovering since March, with a rapid upturn in the new high-end and mid-end series driving income growth of over 35 per cent in the second quarter. Marketing and service network development; management cost of 4.31 per cent (+0.28 pp); and research and development cost of 10.02 per cent.
“Mary Medical Journal (300760.sz) 2022 and one-quarter Report 2023: Robust performance growth, innovative R & D and marketing integration to break through high-end clients overseas” Murray Medical Journal (300760.sz) 2022: “The new foundation of medical care in the country”
Méri Medical Care (300760.sz) - Mid-year evaluation 2022: Medium-term income and net profits Investment proposal: companies benefit domestically from new infrastructure and product upgrades and expand simultaneously in high-end hospitals overseas. In vitro diagnostics have grown, life information and support operations and medical images
A 20 per cent increase in the annual net profit from mother-to-child return, and a national product to the world.
As a leader in the national production of medical equipment, strong research and development and marketing, with significant results in internationalization, will gradually grow into a global medical flagship, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. In February of this year, the construction of the incu ward in the domestic market was significantly accelerated, with some purchases of other conventional products taking place during this period.
During this period, the company stagnated its production capacity significantly over the associated heavy-deficiency products, while inevitably having an impact on the growth of the other two branches of business and the international market in the first quarter. Since March, regular operations such as the consumption of in vitro diagnostic reagents and ultrasound procurement have begun to accelerate as the country ' s regular medical activities resumes.
The trend towards rapid recovery, and the return to normal production of conventional products since March, has led to a rebound in both the in vitro diagnosis and medical image operations, as well as the growth of international markets in the second quarter.
Life information and support operations generated $8,667 million, an increase of 27.99 per cent. From December last year to February, the domestic market built a significant acceleration in the icu ward, with a significant increase in emergency purchases of equipment needed for critical conditions such as monitors, respirators, injection pumps, etc.
60%. From a market perspective, as of 2023h1, the market space to be released from new domestic medical infrastructure still exceeds $23 billion, and companies are expected to continue to make a significant contribution to the growth of the business line over the next two years, thanks to the development of new domestic medical infrastructure and the breakthrough of high-end customers overseas.
In vitro diagnostic operations generated $5,975 million, an increase of 16.18 per cent. The consumption of in vitro diagnostic reagents in the country has recovered rapidly since March, with heavy-pound instrumentation performance continuing to be visible, while the acceleration of desktop capacity-building in overseas markets has led to an acceleration in the number of high-volume customers overseas, leading to an increase in the number of clients in the second quarter.
Over 35%. Bc-7500 series installed more than 1,000, further consolidating the company’s position as the leading industry in the country. The Bc-7500 series is expected to generate more than 1 billion dollars in revenue throughout the year, and will be the first to achieve a breakthrough of $1 billion in revenue in the third year of the market.
The medical video business has generated 3,701 million yuan, an increase of 13.40%. Domestic ultrasound procurement has been recovering since March, and has benefited from a rapid upswing in the new high-end ultrasoundr series and the new medium-high-end ultrasoundi series.
The breakthrough in high-end customers, both in and out of the country, drove the growth in revenue by over 35% in the second quarter. The company's home-based ultrasound and emerging clinical units accelerated the high-end breakthroughs, with level II and III hospitals rising their share of the country's ultrasound revenue year after year, with high-end ultrasound accounting for more than half of the country's ultrasound income.
The high- and medium-end desktop ultrasound series and the multi-digit new Poc ultrasound launch will fully open the way from low- and medium-end to high-end clients. The "3R" ecosystem support intelligence hospital will be built, and the first half of the year will be installed at a remarkable speed.
In the first half of the year, there were more than 200 new and growing ones; the first half of the first half of the year, the first half of the project was 1900 units were installed and continued.
Figure 6: In vitro diagnostic operations income and speed of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Subregionally: domestic market revenues of $11.78 billion (+27.0 per cent) and overseas market revenues of $6.69 billion more than 20 per cent.
Lines broke through 168, 180 and 110 high-end clients in the first half of the year, respectively. Figure 10: Changes in Four Cost Ratios for Méri Medical Care: Operating cash flows growing slower than profits and maintaining healthy quality. Net operating cash flows to companies amounted to 4,483 million
(+9.96%) After the emergency procurement of the construction of the icu ward was almost completed in March, the company’s products entered normal, with the company’s currency fund carrying balance of $20.2 billion in the first half of the year.
End-of-life hospitals are expanding. In vitro diagnostics have grown, life information and support operations and medical imagery have grown robustly, seed operations such as microsurgery and aed have expanded rapidly, and scale effects have gradually increased the share of high-end products have contributed to a steady rise in profitability.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.