# Industry integration # costs fall #
• Events: On July 31, 2023, the company issued an announcement to purchase Euro1 billion. When the deal is completed, the company and its subsidiaries will be included in the company’s consolidated statements.
Euro30 million, with a combined total of about Euro145 million. • Acquisition of a foreign-renowned vd brand Dixai diagnosis and refinement of the external supply chain layout of vd products: Germany imports and perfects the supply chain platform for full-line vd products, such as chemical light, to complement the ivd production abroad
Quality controls and calibration packages allow for the complete break-up of large sample client groups overseas and accelerate the internationalization of corporate ivd operations. Moreover, through this acquisition, companies will be able to harvest excellent ivd internationalized talent and strengthen their outreach capabilities abroad.
▪ The rapid recovery of in-country diagnostic activities in 23q2 led to a rapid rebound of the country's ivd and image operations: Root, according to the National Health Service, in March 2023, the number of consultations in health institutions nationwide was the same as in Méri Medical (300,760): Méri Medical Care
The performance of health and maternity insurance also attests to the continued recovery of routine clinical activities. Thanks to a strong recovery in routine medical activities in the country, hospital reagent consumption and ultrasound routine purchases were made quickly
We are confident that we will achieve the goal of growth in performance in the second quarter and throughout the year.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we maintain the company’s net return on 2023-2025.
Murray Medical (300,760): Quarterly review 2022: performance meets expectations, new capital continues to benefit from the wave of construction, three core industries
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.