“New Capital + Clinical Recovery”, with steady growth in support of Méri Medical (300760), “New Capital + Clinical Recovery” contributed to 27 per cent of the country's high growth and stable profitability.
Tang Aiking has achieved business income of 18.476 billion (yoy+20.32%), of which q2 has been growing steadily separately. Subregional dimensions: 1 benefits from the surge in demand for icu in one quarter.
Rapid growth of life information and support lines, restoration of routine treatment at the end of the courtyard in the second quarter, gradual recovery of demand for in vitro diagnostic reagents and ultrasound procurement, with an internal market of 2023h1 for 117.8 billion
With $6.69 billion (yoy+10.1 per cent), but thanks to continued localization of companies, high-end offshore clients have made a more visible breakthrough, with a two-quarter comparison between Europe and developing countries (yoy+1.23pp), cost structures are constantly optimized, and R & D inputs and market inputs have increased their contribution.
Life information lines are growing at a sharper speed, and the recovery of the in vitro diagnostic lines is evident. In the different production dimensions, 1,223h1 life information and support lines are generating $8.67 billion (oy+28 per cent) and are growing brightly, mainly from new infrastructure needs for medical care such as the construction of icu in the first quarter, which is now new in the country.
Capital-related business opportunities of over $23 billion provide a solid basis for the steady growth of life information and support operations; 2 in vitro diagnostic lines of 2023h1 generated $5.97 billion (oy+16.2 per cent) and accelerated breakthroughs with large sample customers overseas (2023h1 over 70 overseas)
Triangular labs, up from last year's full-year level, domestic diagnostic reagent consumption is gradually recovering, external diagnostic operations are growing by more than 35 per cent in the second quarter of the year, and recovery is evident, and we believe that with the consolidation of the diasysdiagnostic acquisition, the company's ivd operations are producing and adapting locally overseas.
The $3.7 billion (yoy+13.4 per cent) was achieved mainly because of the rapid upswing of the new high-end ultrasound series and the new medium-end ultrasound series, which are expected to continue to break through the high-end crowd with technological advantages.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The risk is: risk of product development, risk of falling product prices, friction-related trade between China and the United States \triangleright
Team sellers have worked for over nine years and are members of the team, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro on pcc and paraexel, joined the Sinda Securities in 2021 and was in charge of the cxo industry study.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
Wu Xin, a member of the team, a master ' s degree in biomedical engineering at Shanghai Transport University, joined the Sindam Portfolio in April 2022, in charge of medical devices and Zhao Xiaohang, a member of the team, a bachelor ' s degree in biotechnology at Shanghai Transport University, a master ' s degree in information management at Carnegie Melon University, two years of experience in securities, a member of the Sinda Portfolio in 2022, in charge of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
CHO Jialine, team member, Master of Quantities in Economics, Quannan College, Nakayama University, two years of research experience in the pharmaceutical biology industry, served as a valid certificate, joined the Sinda securities in 2023, and was responsible for research in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl. Zhang Jong-Tao, team member, Master of International Investment Finance, University of China and South China, 1 year of research in the pharmaceutical biology industry, cpa (professional phase), worked in the field of medical biology, cpa
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.