Murray Medical Care (300,760): The new capital market for medical care is off-the-shelf, and out-front M&As are steadily advancing at 634,06987,000 dollars in net profit offset by non-recurring gains and losses on the shareholders of listed companies, a year-on-year increase.
2023q2, the company achieved business income of $10,111,141.17 million, an increase of 20.20 per cent over the same period; The net profit of equity holders of listed companies netting off non-recurring gains and losses of $381,157.03, an increase of 20.05 per cent over the same period.
Performance in the second quarter was as expected, with year-round performance; three operations maintained rapid growth and the new capital market space for medical care remained significant, 62.63 per cent, an increase of 1.31 percentage points over the same period.
As a percentage point, the company’s life information and support business is growing rapidly, mainly in domestic and overseas operations. On the domestic front, based on company estimates, our new medical infrastructure continues to progress, leaving open markets in the future.
Over $23 billion; overseas, the company’s high-end client base has continued to increase. In vitro diagnostics, with the recovery of the country’s regular medical needs and the gradual recovery of outpatients and surgical operations, the company’s in vitro diagnostic instrumentation and reagents of all types have performed fairly well.
China Soldier Review: The Murray Medical (300,760) bc-7500 series is expected to be the company ' s first listing three years a year later, contributing to the company ' s breakthrough of 1 billion dollars in 2022 annual reports and 2023 I periodic reviews: multi-factor driven
In the field of medical video business, which benefits from our ultrasound procurement and overseas sales, the performance of the new capital provides a new impetus - 2023-05 - to the Sino-Chinese Portfolio Co. Ltd.
Murray Medical (300,760) 2022 reports three-quarter reviews: the country is rising, and corporate business revenues are rising further. Overall, the company’s three core businesses are growing rapidly, both within the city and abroad are growing rapidly, and performance is up to expectations.
Field penetration rates have all increased, driving the firm’s rapid growth in performance.
On 31 July, an announcement was issued stating that 75% of the shares of the diasys diagnosticsystemsgmbh (hereinafter diasys) company would be acquired in cash through fully-owned subsidiaries, at a price of about €115 million.
At the same time, Diasys has a production base in Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and Latin America, which can improve the company ' s overseas production platform and support the development of its large sample business in the ivd overseas; technically, the reagent technology of the Diasys is relatively superior and it is expected to further enhance the company ' s research and development capacity in biochemical operations.
In addition, diasys can continue to attract internationalized talent to companies abroad, laying the foundation for a sustained corporate strategy for internationalization. In 2021, companies acquired seagulls, set up an industry upstream of ivd, and intensified their lighting operations; this year, they accelerated their overseas markets through continuous in-house growth, etc.
Expanding. In the future, as companies continue to build their own businesses, mergers and acquisitions, overseas operations are expected to continue to grow rapidly, the equipment market is growing steadily over the long term, our new infrastructure for medical care continues to grow, and Murray's medical services, as the leading company for medical devices, continues to grow internally and beyond and continues to benefit from the high market, so as to sustain its benefits.
China-China Securities and Medicine Team: Over the years of sedimentation, a better system of research and analysis has been put in place, with a wide range of coverage, unique opinions, and many differences, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. This report has been prepared by China-China Securities Corporation (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended for dispatch or for any dispatch, release,
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the SAC, unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization from the SAC.