So, we're looking at a new vehicle, new technology, new technology, and a self-contained section, and we're looking at a big group.
Incidents: On 19 November 2021, the Guangzhou vehicle was inaugurated, and the company was released by the Guangzhou Automotive Group Ltd., Wan Dynasty, the “Green Net Project”, the All-New Star Electronics Architecture x-soul, aionlxplus, etc., as follows:
Group companies, China Mechanical Industries Group, etc., as a co-convenor of a broad-based industry, are moving towards a new future with low-carbon technology: this show, the company's glass project, co-sponsored by the co-sponsors, and the large state-owned holdings created by means of the initiative.
Specific targets and initiatives include a 50% share in the sale of new energy vehicles by autonomous brands in 2025 and an equity consortium in 2030. Major business activities include a 50% share in the sale of new energy vehicles by passenger vehicles, commercials, etc. Electrodynamics, intelligence levels will determine the future competitiveness of automobile companies.
In the area of pure electricity, mixing, intelligence, and the development, manufacture, sale, and after-sale services of vehicles, as well as the import, export and market status of automobile-related products.
Trade, car rental, second-hand car, logistics, dismantling, capital mastery of core technologies, especially wide-space autonomous plates, as follows:
Insurance and insurance brokers, equity investments, etc. (data sheet: brand transfer: 1) New second-generation gs8 pre-sales are hot, first-month orders are pre-sale, first-month orders are made, and the user needs are more than 50%.
In the next three to six months, the world is now the most controversial place for mainstream auto ownership, with the new gs8 taking the lead in branding, debt and cross-stocking:
At the same time, higher car prices will also contribute to higher levels of profitability. We believe that the new gs.8 million more.
Debt, as of 22 September 2021, conversion price adjustments are established in steps. (2) The distribution of a mixed + smart binuclear-driven development strategy is planned for 2025, which is now fully commingled, with sales exceeding 60% in 2030.
The amount of debt that can be transferred is about $2.55 billion, which is available. One is the new version of the gs8 that has been launched in collaboration with Toyota's newest generation, and is now popular with households. The second is the Gmc 2.0 hybrid system, which will be launched in 2022.
It saves fuel. Wide gas has been working on hybrid systems for many years, gmc1.0 has been market tested, and 52 weeks of stock-price range has high-efficiency internal combustion technology. We believe that wide gas gmc 2.0 is expected to be available.
A hybrid system with strong product power, which helps to spread the power to gain a greater market share in the mixed market. (See the BG (601238) depth report series 3: How powerful is the hybrid technology in the wide gas system?) EAAN brand: 1) EAAN issues a clear brand development strategy, and the electric vehicle will be all based in 2023.
The new Gep3.0 pure power platform, the development of a whole new generation of cyborg electronics architecture, with the Star Constellation Constellation building 50 times higher numeracy, 10 times more efficient data transmission, 40% reduction in wire beams, reduced production of controllers, and the construction of a second 200,000-capable plant by the end of 2022.
Aionlxplus, over 1,000 km, with a new generation of silicon negative auroral batteries, has a mass density of up to 205wh/kg, leading the industry, two four-by-one integrated electric power drive, two-second-class 100-metre acceleration, global variable focal laser radar, etc.) the autonomous core production line will be in place by the end of 2022.
We believe that EA's output in fast-filled, long-duration vehicles is ahead of competitors and that core parameters are ahead of them, thanks to EA's deep layout and mastery of core techniques, such as batteries. As EA's power line is built, EA's advantage will become even more apparent.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the Volatile Group autonomy panel has once again demonstrated its strong technical strength and long-term strategic planning, which is the effect of its multi-year technology R & D, talent reserves and changes in organizational mechanisms.
We're predicting that, in 2022, we're going to have a big group, a joint venture (for more details, see the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity).
On November 19th, a.h., a.k., B.a. shares 23, 13 and 11 times, and B.h. shares 9, 5 and 4 times, respectively, maintaining the “strongly recommended” rating of B.a. and B.h., B.G. (601238): new vehicle-type technologies are visible and autonomous plate blocks are established.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
(a) Hirota Group (601238): new vehicle-type technologies are well developed and autonomous sites are established. Li Jinjin Nankai University has a master ' s degree in management, many years of research experience in automobiles and spare parts, and has been employed in the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, in 2009 to date.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.