Toyota's global production will reach a record 85-90 in November, according to Toyota's latest global data.
After three quarters of the chip shortage, Toyota's global sales in November-December will be 2, and based on the distribution of Toyota-China and Hiroshima-Toyota-based sales worldwide, we expect that the Toyota sales will be at a turning point, folding up the product cycle that will be launched in China.
During the next two years, large sales will continue to outpace the industry as a whole and become the fuel tanker age, the fuel vehicle age, where solar cars are more suitable for consumers: the high reliability of solar vehicles, the ease of use and the full life-cycle cost advantage are the fuel car's remaining relative to the electric vehicle.
Consumer attraction, while maintaining these consumer characteristics, Toyota has increased the deployment rate of smart assistive systems and advanced electronics in cars in the Chinese market, all of which will be killers who have won a significant consumer victory in the coming years.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares)4 and a large new product cycle have also arrived.
The expansion of four product lines: market rules, Sena, Weiwei, and Flanda, has expanded the 12-month-old maximum/minimum product line to a new level, all of which are currently very high at an average cost.
On average, the number of new cars will also bring a high profit level to a new high.
5. Wide-scale productive capacity expansion will also ensure the simultaneous use of both old and new products. Toyota has continued to watch only wide gas autonomy and new energy power.
-2021/10/31 Makes a wide design capacity of 800,000, with more than 1 million real capacity, effective wide gas group (601238).
The expansion of production capacity will guarantee the expansion of the market share of the product.
At a time when China's market was being boosted, the main competitors, the German and the US departments, among others, rose - 2021/08/30.
This slows down the investment of traditional products, which provides a better environment for widespread and reversible expansion. The wide-blown gas group (601238), the Pacific Car Intra-Road era, strongly recommends attention to investment opportunities for broad and reversible expansion.
Bhae Woo Team, Hiro Group - Dig the "Truging Prospectives and Financial Indicators: A Point" Model, Searching for Car Highlights
Toyota q4 is on the right track, with global production reaching 5,296.4 million vehicles in the first half of the year, an increase of 34.9 per cent.
Strong, with a double-digit increase in total production in July. By mid-August, however, the problem of chip and semiconductor supplies began to affect Toyota’s production. Toyota’s global production fell by 16.2% in August, as a result of the spread of the new crown in South-East Asia and the tight supply of semiconductors.
510,000 vehicles, 39.1% lower than the previous year, continued to cut 25.8% of Toyota production in October, a global production of 627,000, which is three months below last year’s level. As a result of the spread of the new crown epidemic in South-East Asia, which has led to shortages of spare parts and semiconductors, Japanese automobile manufacturers have been working hard to resume production, and Toyota is confident that its production will soon be back on track.
Toyota’s production is expected to rise to 855 to 900,000 units in November ... above the same December level in 2020 to 980,000 units per month. The next month’s production is also planned to remain at around 850,000 vehicles to reach the global production target of 9 million units in 2021.
Toyota production in China remained at more than 100,000 vehicles, accounting for about 17 per cent of global production, with Hiroshima monthly growth positive and higher. Three quarters were affected by the South-East Asian epidemic and a lack of core, and the Toyota production dropped sharply, starting in July, with monthly yields turning negative, and emissions falling by three to 40 per cent in August and September.
The same ratio of production in the field is still negative, but the ring has grown by nearly 30%, and the ring has risen by more than the industry average. Companies have responded positively to a shortage of chips, adding to the stock of new products, and production is expected to recover gradually by the end of the year.
A total of 417,000 vehicles, an increase of 30.02 per cent, were sold in the same year. In the first half of the year, 21,000 vehicles, 14,000 vehicles, 0.8 million vehicles, or 31 per cent, were sold; in the second half of the year, the average monthly sales in the second half were 0.76 thousand vehicles, 10.01 million vehicles and 0.5 million vehicles, or 31 per cent, 20 per cent and 12 per cent, respectively, in the second half of the year;
For example, 11 per cent, 15 per cent and 7 per cent respectively. In August/September, under the influence of a missing core, there was a significant reduction of about 40 per cent in the sale of all types of vehicles. By changing the marketing structure, companies guaranteed the sale of high-profit vehicles, and the impact of the fall in elimination on corporate revenue.
The sales volume was 48,000 vehicles, accounting for 29 per cent of the sales of Toyota q3, while the 2021h1 toyota mix represented only 16.2 per cent. The distribution of high- and middle-end vehicles, such as Handa, Kemeri and Wilanda, increased, and Soyota gave priority to ensuring the sale of high-origin vehicles in order to reduce the profits from the decline in elimination.
On June 25, Hlanda, the fourth generation of Honda, was marketed. The new Hanlan da was built on the tnga-k platform, and the fourth generation of ths11 combined power systems with 2.5l petrol machines plus electric motors.
The maximum combined power is 243 horsepower, and the 100 km of fuel consumed is only 5.3l. Since the new 4th generation of Hanlanda has been on the market, there have been more than 46,000 cumulative orders, which have become market sales, quality, and slogans that cannot be re-opened. On October 30, the Toyota flag was officially marketed at Saisienna. As the Toyota brand's flagship mpv model, Senasienna
It is positioned as a medium-sized mpv, with a look in the latest family design language, with a combined system power of 183kw and a 100-km fuel consumption of 5.9l.
In November, at the Guangzhou Car Fair, a new and compact suv suvi suvi suv suv suv suv, which is located in the product location, will fill the market gap between c-hr and Wiranda. The flinda has a tnga-c structure, which has a total of five models, with a total of 2.ol self-smoking engines. At the same time, the new car follows the tnga pattern of low gravity, wide body, high-strength body.
At the same time, the Guangzhou Car show is known as “the most beautiful Toyota suv,” and it is known as “the new luxury medium suv,” with two main engines: tnga 2.0l, and tnga2.5lhev, which are scheduled to be marketed in the first quarter of 2022.
As the chip shortage subsides month by month, the vast abundance is about to rise, and the large volume of sales is expected to continue to rise in the brand-new city of New Hlanda, Sena, Piranda, Weibo, and so on.
Toyota's 4th generation of Hanlanda, Sena, Piranda, Weibo, Toyota are about to start a powerful product cycle, with the passing of the Toyota and Eancy, and we expect the company to return its net profit to its mother in 2021/2022 at $7 billion per $10.1 billion, with a value of 24 times and 16.5 times, respectively, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report