Wide Steam Group (601238): Wide Steam Self-Empower, Joint Venture Quality Recovery
The group, the Chinese Mechanical Industries Group, etc., as co-sponsors, launched a large state-owned holding vehicle, which was sold for the first time a month, with a cumulative order of 50,000.
The main operations include the development, manufacture, manufacture, and production of vehicles, motorcycles, car parts and components, and the maintenance of a stable and efficient production pace at Eichan base in October.
Sales and after-sale services, as well as the import and export of automobile-related products, have a capacity of over 500+.
The new second generation of gs8 was listed on October 26th. Source regenerate, car credit, finance lease, commercial factoring, pre-sale or hot sale, 24-hour orders over 2000.
The impact of the missing cores of the joint venture plate has eased and the sales ring has recovered. 1) Wide-blown Toyota super-high-quality marketing structure: Debt payments and cross-equity presentations:
Toyota, which sold 61,000 vehicles in October, recovered by 26.3%, reflecting Toyota ' s exposure to chips, can be phased in over a six-year period with $4.1 billion released in 2016-01-22. On the model, Toyota is still dominated by a high-cost, high-profit vehicle, which is in Heranda in October.
The debt, which was adjusted for the sale of 13,065 units from 22 September 2021, has been sold at a higher rate in recent years.
The new mpv-Sina has pre-saled a month of orders, with 62.1% of the total debt. We expect the Toyota chip mitigation trend to continue, with a reduction in the chips in three quarters.
A 57.7 per cent increase in the ring ratio was achieved in medium- and low-end vehicles, 13,676 vehicles with a 10.3 per cent increase in the ring, 10797 vehicles with a 7.1 per cent decrease in the ring ratio.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: The recovery in October of autonomous and joint venture block sales is a logical reflection of the company’s long-term growth in the medium term.
We're still looking at the recovery of corporate ownership and the growth of joint ventures. We expect the company to be rich and resourceful.
Volkswagen Group (601238): Wide-blown self-employment, joint ventures for high-quality recovery, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Hiro Group (601238): Wide-blown self-empowerment, combined capital for high-quality recovery, Lee Jin-jin
Master ' s degree in management, multi-year experience in automobiles and spare parts, University of Nankai, employed from 2009 to date in the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Zhang Yi Yung, Bachelor of Arts in Finance, University of Xiyang, and in 2019 in East Hing Securities, in the automobile industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.