On 29 November, the BG issued an indicative announcement on the recapitalization and replenishment of the full-owned subsidiary.
Reorganisation begins with a mix. Eyan is expected to become the company's independent new energy platform. Reorganizing the core: 1) Banda Steam is going to pay $4.407 billion in cash to EA, and BMW is going to pay $4.975 billion in cash to EA in real assets such as the production of equipment at $3.557 billion in vehicles. 2)
The liability is based on the purchase of non-physical assets, fixed capital, and research and development personnel in the pure electricity sector of the Institute, such as the BVI, the BVI, etc. This reorganization will result in an increase in the R&A’s registered capital to $6 billion, with dual financial and technological empowerment, integration into “production and marketing” and increased competitiveness.
\triangleright \Ean released a clear development strategy: 1) Pure power: full aluminium power with advantages in range extension, etc.
Energetic planning: 400,000 units expected in 2023; 3) Battery technology: safe and secure cartridge system, silicon subpolar battery belt for super-extension: 4) fast-loading: A480 super-pump + graphite super-filling technology: 5) autonomous core
We believe that the company’s forward-looking layout and reserves of core technologies, such as batteries, as well as its more active productive planning, are expected to lead Eyan to a high-speed development period. Autonomous twin stars flash, technology plus system boosts the EAS valuation.
Under the Director-General’s system, the path to the construction of a car is clear, the gpma modular platform, and the technology of the two hybrid routes support the promotion of competitiveness. The EA’s focus on the core technology of v+icv will bring institutional advantages.
Chain autonomy provides core competitiveness, and system-plus technology dual empowerment is expected to boost EAA’s valuation. The strong rise of autonomous “double stars” drives companies’ profitability to continue, and the valuation system is expected to be reconfigured.
A summary of corporate financial statement data projections The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,