BIG (601238): Short-term performance understood, medium- and long-term growth trends
The company performed slightly less than expected as a tri-quarterly report by Guangzhou Auto-Industry Group Ltd., Mansung Group, China Mechanical Industries Group, etc.: the three-quarterly report achieved a net return profit of 947 million yuan.
Together with the initiators, a large State-owned equity group was established on the initiative. 49.81% of the main business consisted of passenger cars, merchants, and slightly less than anticipated, mainly because of the company’s main joint venture, Toyota and Hiroshida.
The impact of the disease in South-East Asia is due to a shortage of chips due to the development, manufacture, sale and after-sale services of vehicles, motorcycles, car parts and components, and the import and export of automobile-related products.
Trade, car rental, second-hand car, logistics, dismantling, regenerative capital, car credit, finance leasing, commercial factoring, lack of core to cover investment returns are not enough.
Toyota, Toyota and Honda, the capital company, lost 111,000 in sales in the third quarter of the same year: the second, the third quarter is wide.
As a result of the increase, the two-field profit margin fell. According to our estimate of the net profit of the big, the big bike, 2021q3 debt and cross-stocking: the investment returns are expected to fall by more than $1 billion as a result of the decline in the volume and profitability of the broad range.
In addition, the one-time debt of Guangfik for the relocation of the Guangzhou plant in the third quarter of 2021, adjusted for conversion to expenditure on 22 September 2021, has also led to a decline in investment returns. We believe that the decline in sales of the two fields was due to a lack of core, and
As the chips ease, there will be a rebound in sales of the two fields. Toyota-wide, Toyota-wide, 62.1% of total debt.
Honda will enter the new product, productive capacity, and the medium- and long-term growth trend will remain unchanged. (For more details, see the “Hong Kong Insight Group” (601238) depth report series 5: Co-resonance of joint ventures) 12.9% of the growth rate is higher than the increase in sales, reflecting an upward trend in the unit price of the company's own brand.
2021q3 Māori rate 7.9%, considering the impact of chips and raw materials, the Māori ratio of the company ' s autonomous plate has continued to rise in total equity/circulation shares (million shares) compared to the ring. We believe that with the company ' s autonomous high-end vehicles such as mpv, new models, etc.
The road to improved corporate ownership has been opened. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: short-term performance is not strong enough, self-sufficiency is improved, joint ventures are launched.
In 2021, I was 25, 14 and 11 times more affected by the chips, and I was nine, five and four times more heavily recommended, respectively.
Volkswagen Group (601238): Short-term performance is not strong enough to change medium- and long-term growth trends The source of financial growth in the East The source of financial growth in the East
East Hing Securities Corporation (ECS) reported that Guangbo Group (601238): short-term performance is understretched and does not change medium- and long-term growth trends Lee Jin-jin
Master ' s degree in management, multi-year experience in automobiles and spare parts, University of Nankai, employed from 2009 to date in the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Zhang Yi Yung, Bachelor of Arts in Finance, University of Xiyang, and in 2019 in East Hing Securities, in the automobile industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.