q1-3 gross operating income of $55.11 billion, i.e. +28.64 per cent;
The main result of the raise in the ring ratio was the increase in bicycles: company q3 had a gross operating income of $20.9 billion, same as +19.61 per cent, ring +12.9 per cent, q3 had an autonomous vehicle sales of 70.2 million and new energy EA had a sales volume of 35.7 million, for a total of 10.5 million vehicles, an increase of 7.14 per cent and 3.7 per cent respectively.
The rate of increase in revenue was higher than the rate of increase in sales, mainly in the following areas: (1) optimized vehicle-type structure: especially in case of missing cores, the average monthly sales of 6,000-7,000 units was maintained, and q3 accounted for 16.53 per cent of total autonomous sales, compared to 9.39 per cent during the same period last year, with vehicle-type structures driving an increase; (2) a new energy build-up
Subsidization of all impacts. Lack of core leads to a decline in return for investment: q3 investment returns for consortia and joint ventures of 1,676 million, down by 23.67 per cent/66 per cent from the same ratio and down by the same factor as the same ratio.
(a) Rigid vehicles, taking into account overall marketing, q3 giving priority to the production of economy-type vehicles; (c) Guangfik Three Seasons; (c) Wide Air Group (601238).
The team reported a positive performance, which affected profits. This led to a decline in investment returns.
Focusing on the high-profit car model and the high-speed growth of Eyan: this year's epidemic and chip-sharing, the Broad Gas Group - digging for “trace” models to match the output levels of the company. But we need to discover the core changes within the company:
Car Search Highlights - 2021/08/23 (1) The sale of high-profit cars has increased significantly. In particular, for example, M8, the terminal price BG (601238).
Up to $200,000, with high demand; second, gs8 in mix with fuel, wide-blown-owned joint venture steaming, traditional new energy sources, large space, high performance, marketed on October 1st, nearly 5,000 orders to continue in the future.
The new energy source is popular, and the model of the car has broken down at a cost of $100,000 to $2 million. The sales of the aions have stabilized at 5,000 units per month, 7679 units per month in September, and the newly listed aiony has been on the rise every month, and 5,000 tons per month in September.
Source capacity utilization is as high as 140 per cent, and sales are expected to reach 110,000 vehicles throughout the year, with a new cycle of autonomous and joint ventures lasting next year: (1) next year's brand name gs8 and the leopards will bring a year-round increase, followed by a compact sub-market of gs4 sisters that will be marketed and sold on their own next year.
(ii) Iany, splaus, will form a full addition next year, revalued to the 4th quarter, and is expected to expand to 20w new energy generation capacity in March next year, adding new energy to it on a continuous basis. (iii) Joint ventures will target a million vehicles for sales next year.
Monthly listing, which is now scheduled for March-April of next year, will be followed by a new suv and a new electric platform next year; Honda Honda is expected to be on the market by the end of the year, which will lead to full additions next year. Autonomous and joint ventures, together, are expected to bring great performance elasticity.
Investment proposal: Due to the severe three-quarter chip shortage, which affects performance throughout the year, we expect the company to influence automobile production profitability projections and financial indicators:
South China sells Li Yinwen, the Academy, 9 North Street, north of Beijing City West Side.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.