"Ann's reorganisation as scheduled, financial power and the attributes of innovation."
Events: In recent days, the Guangbo Group has issued an alert for the recapitalization and replenishment of the fully-owned subsidiary, Hiromoyan, by Guangzhou Auto-Industries Group Ltd., Manchuria Group, China Mechanical Industries Group Inc., etc.
This reorganization and replenishment include, among other things, the BONG Replenishment with $7.407 billion in cash to BUSE EAN, co-sponsors of the large state-owned holdings initiated by the BMV Ltd. with $3.557 billion in physical assets such as equipment for production to BUSE:
The main operations include the purchase of a wide-air research institute, a wide-air fleet, a motor vehicle, a motor vehicle, and the development of car parts and components, manufacturing, manufacturing, etc. in order to pay $4,975 million in cash and incur liabilities.
Intangible assets, fixed assets, etc. in the field of pure electricity and new energy for subjects such as automobile-related products; part of the trade, car rental, second-hand vehicles, logistics, dismantling, capital, etc.
We believe that, through this restructuring, on the one hand, there will be a significant increase in automobile credit, financial leasing, business factoring, and power, and, on the other hand, there will be an increase in the development of assets through the extensive research institute.
Insurance and insurance brokers, equity investments, etc. (data sheet: Integration of current production and marketing, and significant increase in the identity of EA Innovative Technology Corporations. This analysis is as follows:
According to Wind. The pre-replenishment EA’s registered capital is RMB 1.42 billion.
We expect that EA will have more than $10 billion in net assets. EA will have a full range of new energy sources for pure electricity.
Debt, revalued into equity with effect from 22 September 2021, is about 2.55 billion yuan. Innovative technology corporate attributes have been enhanced in EAS: the Volkswagen Group attaches great importance to the development of new energy vehicles.
The Institute of Industries and Incubated Technology (Technology and others) have developed new energy vehicle core techniques, leading the way in the introduction of industry-led electric vehicle products in pure power platforms (gep) and tri-electric technologies.
When reorganised, Eyan will take over the research and development capabilities of the Institute in the field of pure electricity and new energy sources.
There is a clear advantage in the parameters of mileage, axle range, etc., and the E-A-Gep platform continues to be upgraded, with a flowb/h unit (in thousands)
In 2023, Eian will launch the Gep3.0 pure power platform, which will be more conducive to raising the intellectual level of cars. 2) Battery technology: the cellular group began to deploy itself into power cell cores 10 years ago.
The energy density is increased to 205wh/kg, with the battery's aionlx vehicle running more than 1,000 km. EA will invest 336 million in a battery test line, which will be built by the end of 2022. 3) Fast charge technology: Joint Giant Bay Technology, EAAN will launch a high-multiplier battery and high pressure.
Fast-loading platforms. 6c high-multiplier fast charging can achieve a zero-80% charge time of 8 minutes. 30%-80% charge time of 5 minutes. Version 3c was first mounted on aionv in September this year. Corporate profit forecasting and investment ratings: EA's reorganization and subsequent campaigning, listing for a wide-voltage group.
It's important that Eyan, as a development vehicle for the new energy vehicle industry of the Volkswagen Group, uses the capital market, the source of financial growth in the East, introduce new talent incentives, an efficient organizational structure, and launch the new energy vehicle industry of the Volkswagen Group.
At the same time, EA's independent operation will bring EA's value to the fore. We look forward to EA's development prospects and the resulting value-added of broad-space autonomy. We expect companies to be 22, 13, and 10 times, with wide-h-pep, 9, 5 and 4 times, respectively, to maintain wide-spana and wide-spanh.
"Very recommended" rating. Broad Air Group (601238): Reorganisation of Eyan, significant increase in financial power and innovative technology attributes, source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Eyan's restructuring is on schedule and that the financial power and the attributes of innovation have increased dramatically.
Li Jinxing Master of Management, Nankai University, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, worked at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, Zhang Xiao Yin, 2009-present
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.