Permanent Electronics (600570) Computer q3 over-expected profitability, policy-catalysed trend towards South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: the company issued its three-quarter report in 2022, which resulted in operating income of $3.74 billion in the first three quarters, representing an increase of 19.7 per cent over the previous three quarters; net profit of $11.493 million was realized as a reduction of 98.3 per cent over the same period; net profit of $330 million was realized as a deduction from non-repatriation, representing an increase of 20.5 per cent over the same period. Single q3 achieved revenue of $1.350 billion, representing an increase of 26.5 per cent over the same period.
Overall, expectations were met; the ring balance was reversed, resulting in a net return profit of $110 million; the purchase of non-repatriated net profit was delayed to q3 for the first half of the year, and the performance of the Big Managerit business continued to be visible. The first half of the year, the impact of the epidemic faded, and the company's three-quarter harvests grew steadily.
Large Retailit/Maximum Retail it collected $84.16 billion, an increase of 10.1 per cent/28.1 per cent and a combined share of 65.4 per cent. The purchase orders for the first half of the year were delayed to q3, the single q3 Large Retailit/Commercial Payment, insurance o45, uf3.0 new signatures, and the number of online customers continued to increase, with the company ' s other product lines also expanding well: the new generation:
We are in the full-scale field application phase: pb 2.0, is 2.0, returns swaps, etc., new products are well-established, industry poles are set. Q3 continues to improve at the cost/cost end, and q3 is on a pay-as-you-go period.
Overall, changes in corporate governance systems are progressing as expected, with costs and costs expected to improve gradually, profit realization periods expected, and year-round differences in income costs expected to widen. • Capital market reforms are driving down-stream demand expansion, and continue to benefit from financial innovation catalysts.
The exchange will continue to release capital market demand for additional stock, and the number of new company-signing projects is expected to continue to grow. In addition, the financial letter is driven by policy guidelines and industry demand, driven by a combination of business demand.
More than 70 products from the management office system, extended to general and core business systems, under the corporate flag: uf3.0, ta, fast-track trading systems, funds operating systems, hosting valuation systems, etc., have all completed their IT-adaptation packages, and companies continue to enhance bottom technologies, such as distribution microservices and smartness, and product lined up.
1. Permanent Electronics (600570): The continuous, full and apparent advantages of managing it will benefit in the future from the incremental demand of national production substitution in the financial sector.
The company’s core business systems have clear advantages, with stable customer resources, a rich product line, a high degree of specialization, a promising level of subsequent orders, and a high level of profit elasticity.
No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly from the financial integrator (2022-04-08) or from the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.