The computer team, which is not expected to return to the net profit, has reached the end of three quarterly reports issued by the company, with a single q3 receipt of $1.35 billion, an increase of 26.5 per cent from the previous year, which is in line with the market forecast.
The net profit on single q3 is $220 million, which is a surplus on the same year and a surplus on the supermarket. The net profit on single q3 after the return of shares is approximately $250 million, which exceeds the rate of Māori by a single quarter, and the trend towards good management continues. The Māori rate for single q3 companies is 70.1 per cent.
q3 Mäori ratio after accounting standard adjustment is newly high; expected to be due to the higher Mäori major portfolio of operations, which grew faster, and to the deferral of some of the projects in the first half of the year to q3 receipt and inspection.
The capital management IT business grew by 25.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, continuing the momentum of the first half of the year.
Costs increased by only 9.7 per cent over the same period, with a clear control trend. In terms of cost rates, single q3 sales, research and development, mainly due to the depreciation-related costs of the new building during the current period.
Growth of 11.7 per cent, with no significant increase in the remuneration of employees; taking into account the above factors, we judge that growth has slowed, q3 has reached the stage of human effectiveness, and it is expected that the income profit cutter will remain in 2023.
Ongoing; with the spread of a new generation of systems, the q3 is expected to start a profit realization period, and the vanguard is stronger. More than 70 products, including uf3.0 and o45, are now fully equipped.
One of the driving forces of the transition; and because leading companies have a better stock of full-scale and innovative technology, they are more likely to concentrate their share of the market to further consolidate the company’s market position.
Income projections; taking into account income from fair value changes and control fee trends in the first three quarters of 2022, it will be attributed to the fact that the outbreak disturbances have made operations less advanced than expected; non-recurrent gains and losses are less than anticipated; and management has reduced its profile Analysis of related report rating ratios in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment