The profit elasticity is expected to accelerate on a seasonal basis, with a 26% increase in revenues in the third quarter of Helium Electronics 2022.
Three-quarter reports in 2022, yielding 3,737 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 19.74 per cent over the previous quarter; net profit returns to mothers of $11 million, a reversal of 2022h1; net profit gains of $330 million after deduction, a 26 per cent increase in income in the 22q3 quarter, a significant acceleration.
\triangleright’s revenue growth rate of 8.56% per quarter has improved significantly. The epidemic has significantly affected the company’s performance in the second quarter, and as the epidemic is effectively brought under control, the company returns to a fast-growing path.
In the first three quarters, major capital management grew at a rate of 28% and q3 operations resumed at a rate of 28%. In the q3 quarter, large retail and major capital management remained the bedrock of business, with revenues of $84 million and $1.60 billion, respectively, in the previous three quarters, at a rate of 10% and 28% respectively.
The sales recovery was good, with revenue of $290 million in the first quarter of q3 and a 19 per cent increase in the same year; the management of operations maintained a 26 per cent increase in revenue in the first quarter, with a clear trend of high growth; cost controls were excellent, resulting in a significant increase in non-net profits; and good costs and costs were achieved in the third quarter of life.
Control capacity, from two dimensions: 1) In absolute terms, corporate q3 quarterly revenue grew by 26 per cent, and other cost indicators were well controlled, except for equity incentives and engineering amortization.
Effects; 2) In terms of cost rates, the Māori rate for the company q3 quarter is 70.1%, which is the same direction of productization as last quarter. Thanks to excellent cost control, the net profit from the repatriation of the constant q3 quarter is 220 million.
A new round of equity incentives has been issued to meet the new starting point for capital market reforms, which last year amounted to -30 million yuan, resulting in a significant loss for the company. Refunds have improved significantly, and the quality of business has continued to improve.
For the better, the company q3 quarterly sales received $1.70 billion, a 28 per cent increase over the same period; net operating cash flows.
480 million yuan, an increase of 166 per cent over the same period. Contract liabilities of 2,884 million yuan increased slightly from 22h1, while accounts receivable decreased slightly from 22h1, with multiple indicators showing a significant improvement in the quality of the company's operations, highlighting management's new era of staff-holding schemes and capital market reform.
Investment proposal: Considering that the market has continued to be depressed since the last three quarters for ever-held transactional financial assets 4. Persistent electronic (600570.0sh) depth reporting: fog dispersing
Given that capital market reforms at current points have accelerated with the digitalization of financial institutions and persistent uncertainties are on the ground in the short term, there is scope for companies to recover valuations and maintain “recommended” ratings. \triangleright
The new product is not moving as fast as expected; there is greater self-research on the head; methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.