The Medical Health Research Center, M.M.I., an internationally influential Chinese medical equipment device.
Who's Murray? The head of the domestic medical apparatus, with more than 10 billion dollars in revenue: the company is highly internationalized, and its products are used in more than 190 countries and territories around the world, earning more than $11 billion a year. The company has developed and accumulated a significant number of people (more than 1,700 in research and development and more than 2,600 in sales), of high quality and quality.
A highly experienced business force, and a level of remuneration, is also more competitive within the industry. Firms are superior in size, leading in R & D, marketing channels, etc. What's Murray's product?
At home, three product sequences of life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical images have been built through long-term autonomous research and development, all of which are more productive and market competitive within the industry. According to industry data, companies monitor the share of the market for care products in the world’s first world, and in the second world of tremors, in the world’s fifth world, anesthesia machines.
Third: the company is the leader of the in vitro diagnostic industry in the country, the biochemistry is the first in a third country, the blood cell is the first in the country to analyze the second in the country, and the company is also the national product of ultrasound.
These high growth trends, taking into account the need for health insurance, are inevitable in breaking the monopoly of imported medical equipment on high-level hospitals and raising the share of domestic products. We believe that companies have the greatest chances of success in the historical process of increasing the nationalization of medical equipment, and are expected to become domestic medical equipment companies.
According to the offer, the company proposes to issue no more than 121.6 million shares for projects such as the expansion of the production base, the construction of the information system, the construction of the manufacturing centre, the upgrading of the innovation platform, etc. We look forward to the company’s growth in the field of medical equipment, which is expected to become a national product.
One of the greatest beneficiaries of this increase is also expected to increase competitiveness in overseas markets.
Li Jin Lei Channel Stock Risk: Increased Cost during the Period: Fitch Risk: Risk of Outstanding Litigation: Increased Trade Friction as a Impact on Overseas Operations; Domestic Market Tariff Reductions, Price Reductions Impacting Māori Rates of Corporate Products; Accounts Receivables
Who's Murray? The country's medical equipment has more than $10 billion in revenue.
In 1991, Wuhan Central Co. and Chang-yun of Hong Kong jointly started Meri Electronics at the Snakegate in Shenzhen City, after a change in equity, with Cayman Murray holding 100% of Meri Electronics.
In February 1997, Cayman Murray was established in the Cayman Islands and its shareholders were the corporate management team and then external investors.
Murray was set up in 1999 with limited funding from Murray (Cayman) Limited, which used to purchase assets electronically from Murray and limited assets purchased electronically from Murray, mainly property, raw materials, finished products, semi-finished goods, etc.
On 18 October 2001, a resolution was issued by the Murray Holdings Limited, agreeing to initiate a limited conversion of Murray into a limited company, and in 2005, it was established by Murray International, and in 2006 it was officially issued in New York by its ads.
From 2015 to 2016, Merri International has been privatized and acquired from the New York Stock Exchange at a private transaction price of $28/general share or $28/ads. The privatization sponsors, Lixitine, Xu and Sung-ming, and through their own controlled offshore subsidiaries, were established in the Cayman Islands.
Three-tier holding companies, as the subject of privatization, had a total value of about $2.46 billion. On 20 July 2016, the stockholdings of Li Sitting, Xu Hong, Chengming and their respective controlled companies were released, respectively, as well as those of Magnifice (hk) and everunion.
In December, Hong Kong Investment and Hong Kong Holdings transferred all of their Merrillian shareholdings to new and additional shareholders. After December 2016, Murray International stopped using Hong Kong Investments and Hong Kong Holdings.
Indirect control of Murray’s medical shares. No more indirect ownership of Murray’s medical shares through other subjects. So, Murray’s medical listing outside the country was dismantled.
Murray Medical Company Hong Kong has acquired 100 per cent of Murray's global shares in Murray International, and has also acquired 100 per cent of the shares of eight overseas subsidiaries associated with the operation of medical devices, five offshore subsidiaries, one offshore.
In June 2016, Murray International, Hong Kong Investment, Hong Kong Holdings and Hong Kong signed an asset with Hong Kong Global.
The business purchase agreement, the deal with Murray International, the Hong Kong Investment, and the Hong Kong Holdings transfer their operations, assets and liabilities related to the operation of medical devices to Hong Kong globally. The reason why assets are purchased, not equity, is to avoid cross-holding and also to avoid any medical collateral.
Taking on the loan debt for privatization, the use of Murray International as a debtor of external loans for privatization is also consistent with the practice of the privatization of the defunct market of offshore listed companies.
Figure 7: Current Méri Medical Equity Structure: Founder at the helm: Lixitine indirectly holds 29.89% of the company ' s shares through the smartcodevelopment, Xu Air indirectly holds 27.14% of the company ' s shares through Magnificence(hk) and Lixi
In addition, the other founder, Cheng Ming, also plays a more important role in the company’s management.
Li Sitting, a male born in 1951, of Singapore nationality. Graduated from the Faculty of Physics of the Chinese University of Science and Technology, specializing in hypothermia.
High Technology Ltd. Chaired the creation of Merry Electronics in 1991 and Merrily Limited in 1999, and has served as Medical Director, General Manager of Murray since 1999, Director of Murray International, Managing Director and Co-Executive Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Executive Board.
Xu Hong, male, born in 1962, Chinese (Hong Kong) nationality. Received a degree in computing from Qinghua University, a master ' s degree from Qinghua University in electrical engineering, and a degree from the Central European Business School, Emba.
Shenzhen Anko High Technology Co. Ltd. co-sponsored the creation of Myre Electronics in 1991 and Merri Limited in 1999, and has been President of the Merry International Board of Directors since 1999.
Cheng Ming, male, born in 1961, Chinese (Hong Kong) nationality. Graduated from Shanghai Transport University, he obtained a bachelor's degree in biomedical engineering and a master's degree.
In 2000, he was Vice-President of Merri International Marketing, Vice-President of Strategic Development, Chief Strategy Officer, Co-Chief Executive Officer. The company’s main core figures are senior intellectuals from Quantico and all of them are Shenzhen.
Anko (established in 1986 in Shenzhen by the Chinese Academy of Sciences's background science company, the American company analogic) as a “Hang Po military school” in China's medical equipment and equipment industry) has left behind the qualities of the company's research and development vision, its development path and its culture.
▪ Medical equipment has a record income of over 10 billion: the company is in the top position in the domestic medical equipment industry, and its products include, inter alia, life information and support products, in vitro diagnostic products and video products.
Figure 9: Revenue performance of Murray (mr.n) during United States listing (million yuan, using historical exchange rates) (million yuan, using historical exchange rates)
Figure 12: Corporate income composition (billions of dollars) due to a relatively large proportion of equipment and instruments (the Māori ratio of equipment and instruments is lower than the reagent Māori ratio), public
The Māori Division is not the highest in the industry, but it still stands at over 60 per cent and is well-performing in the industry. Although business size, volume of products and coverage are much larger than in the industry, firm turnover is accelerating with strict credit management and inventory management.
Commodity turnover has also remained relatively stable, better than the industry average, and figure 14 shows an upward trend in the stock balance as compared to the Māori ratio of companies and industry enterprises, on the one hand, owing mainly to the expansion of corporate operations and the increase in the availability of goods;
On the other hand, the size and weight of the company ' s in vitro diagnostic operations have increased, and reagents have been demanding on the timeliness of supply, Figure 17: Corporate turnover Increases in the balance of receivables at the end of 2017, on the one hand due to direct sales of customers in the country
Add $119 million, of which an increase in accounts receivable, mainly from domestic government clients, has led to an increase in their share: on the other hand, receivables from distribution clients have increased as their income increases.
The company is China's most international medical equipment enterprise, and while most of the country's medical equipment companies are still trying to find opportunities in the tide of national substitution, the Department has been working abroad for a long time, and the products have gained greater international influence and are actually on the international market.
• The company, with its headquarters in Shenzhen, China, but with a high degree of internationalization, has 40 offshore subsidiaries in more than 30 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa and Latin America, and its products and resolution programmes have been applied in more than 190 countries and territories around the world, resulting in a large number of globalized R & D,
Manufacturing, marketing, and service networks. About 50% of the company’s sales revenue comes from overseas, with the main markets being North America, Europe, Latin America, etc.
The company's products entered about two thirds of the United States hospitals, nearly 10,000 medical institutions and were widely used in core sections such as icu, anaesthesia, emergency services, etc.: 19 of the top 20 US hospitals were using Murray Ultrasound: the product was used in 9 of the top 10 United States heart hospitals: it was used in more than 10 European hospitals.
Miri has over 100 immediate resident service sites in 19 countries and territories around the world, with 7 x 24-hour customer call services in several countries.
Overseas training centres exist in several countries, including Indonesia, where companies have acquired the datascope guardianship services (2008), the United States ultrasound diagnostic firm Sonare (2013), and the Australian medical equipment distributor ulco (2013), with a larger international presence
Figure 21: Some international users of corporate products cover a wide range of domestic terminals. Strong service capacity, at the same time, companies have 17 subsidiaries in the country, more than 40 branches.
As the domestic production of medical equipment and the phasing-out of medical services have gradually taken place, the domestic equipment market has continued to grow rapidly, companies have been expanding their markets at the grass-roots level, and domestic sales and the share of domestic income generated by the company’s products have been applied to nearly 110,000 health-care institutions in China, serving more than 99 per cent of tri-a-hospitals.
Support to nearly 700 hospitals through the hospital grade review, more than half of which are tri-a-hospitals.  company products have a strong competitive and market impact at all levels of health care in the country, with 25.7 per cent of sales in 2017 from level-III hospitals, 26.5 per cent from level-II hospitals and the contribution of level-II hospitals
Figure 23: Number of clients (houses) of end-of-life medical institutions in the country  Corporations covering more than 30 autonomous provinces and municipalities in the country, with 45 immediate resident service stations, more than 500 sub-contractors of quality authorized services, nearly 2,000 service engineers and over 500 direct engineers
Nearly 100 technical support engineers. According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association's “Satisfaction with Post-Sales Services” survey, the company was awarded the “Guarded Class of Post-Sales Services” for eight consecutive years, with custody devices, respirators, anesthesia machines, chemical lighting in 2017.
Each of the four types of products of the analyser receives a competitive remuneration for the quantity and quality of the "after-sales services number one" team, which has been developed and accumulated by the company due to its apparent advantages over other medical equipment enterprises in the country.
It is worth noting that this team has a wealth of internationalized experience and vision. ▪ Corporate per capita pay is also strong within the industry, whether for sales or for management of R & D.
Competitiveness, which is due to the company ' s location in Shenzhen and its more overseas operations, is also indicative of the company ' s greater cohesiveness in terms of remuneration and talent attraction, which underpins its ability to innovate and to act.
Figure 29: Number of salesmen Figure 30: Number of research and development staff Full and excellent continuous reinvestment of the R & D system to build deep technology
▪ As the leader of the domestic medical apparatus, the company attaches great importance to technological development of high-end medical equipment and, with sustained, high-scale and high-scale research and development inputs, has established a well-developed system of innovation in research and development.
We note that Murray has maintained a high level of R & D investment for more than 10 years, and that many years of R & D investment has led to a deep build-up of corporate innovation and quality in R & D and precision manufacturing.
According to the company offer, after many years of work, the company has developed some core technical research and development capabilities in the fields of life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery, etc., covering acoustics, materials, precision processing and process design, clinical medicine, etc., and has become an industry in the country.
The leading high-end medical equipment R & D and production companies. More than 2900, 19% patented American inventions.
▪ It is worth noting that the company’s main core technology in the three product areas is autonomous R & D. The firm’s leading role in developing capacity and technological autonomy, compared to other firms in the industry, is the underlying reason why we believe that companies are still strong when they grow to a large size.
Figure 39: Companies have R & D centres around the world, and the marketing capacity industry is strong in leading a network of channels.
Distribution is co-existed, with distribution prevailing in China, Latin America, and other developing countries. We believe that the choice of the marketing model for companies is based on regional specificities, such as the general direct sales of medical equipment in the United States, which makes it difficult to access the resources of distributors; in some regions, there are good distributor resources, and direct sales are difficult to cover.
The company has more than 40 branches in the country to select, recommend and manage distributors in the region. The company provides distributors with the necessary products.
Knowledge, marketing skills, market competition, loading, clinical applications, as well as repair, maintenance, etc. Knowledge or skills training and technical support.
Large enough to have the country’s largest product line and network of high-quality distributors in the same industry, its channels are more powerful than the industry’s kind of companies. In both the international and domestic markets, companies have a large number of Merrill’s brands sold at tens of millions of dollars a year.
Corporate sales costs are declining year by year, mainly because of rising corporate revenues, gradually reflecting a modal effect, and the full integration of corporate management and marketing systems starting in late 2015.
Business efficiency has been improved. In 2017, the company had access to a large number of new products, especially high-end products, and as a result, the company had stepped up its outreach efforts, and the costs of advertising and promotion had risen relatively significantly.
Figure 43: Number of sales clients of different sizes Figure 44: Sales income of distribution customers of different sizes (billions) Figure 46: Sales income of offshore customers of different sizes (billions)
Figure 45: Number of offshore customers of different sizes Figure 47: Number of direct sales customers of different sizes
The vendor pays 50 per cent or more of the advance payment, the international distributor usually pays 25 per cent or more of the advance payment, and the company’s credit period to the dealer usually runs from 0 to 90 days after the full advance is required for a client with a shorter period of cooperation or for some model products, and is better for individual purchases.
A high-quality client with a longer period of cooperation can be given an appropriate relaxation of the credit period. The direct-off client project is usually contracted or tendered separately, and the payment credit period for this type of project varies according to the ability of the medical institution to pay, the payment approval arrangements, the settlement process, etc., by the outcome of the project negotiations or the solicitation of bids.
In 2015-2017, the company ' s return on the cost of its main business was $10.5 million and $1.51 million, respectively, respectively.
The efficiency rate continues to optimize costs and cost ratios down gradually, and we observe an increase in the Māori rate for almost all of the company's products (see subsequent specific species fractions).
(a) The unit price of most of the product categories is relatively stable, and even some varieties have declined:
Corporate sales costs are higher. However, as corporate incomes have increased over the reporting period, the sales cost rate has gradually decreased, on a case-by-case basis, due mainly to:
(a) Public recognition of equity incentives to pay for shares;
Figure 51: Māori rates and cost rates during US listing (in line with gaap guidelines)
▪ In 2016, eight departments, including the State Council's Office of Medical Rehabilitation, issued a joint implementation opinion on the introduction of a “two-vote system” in the procurement of medicines in public health-care institutions (tested by the National Office of Medical Rehabilitation No. [2016] 4), which called for the gradual introduction of a two-vote system in the procurement of medicines in public hospitals and encouraged other health-care institutions to take medicines.
There is a two-vote system in place.  There is a relatively limited number of areas in which medical devices have a two-vote system, and the country currently has an in vitro diagnosis and a two-vote system of disreagents: a two-vote system of sanxi, Anhui and Shanxi.
After selling most of the company's external diagnostic reagent products to distributors in 2017, the distributors sell them directly to the end-user, without depositing them at other intermediates, meeting the requirement of a “two-vote system”.
▪ The company has pre-positioned the two-count system to foster quality distributors, on the one hand, and the other, on the other hand, actively cooperate with large market-based professional distributors to provide the overall level of distributors. The company ensures that distributors are professional and service capable of taking on post-sale warranties and other services.
▪ The “two votes” rule has not yet been extended to equipment-type products.
What's Murray's product? There's solid product power in three major areas, two manufacturing centres in three major product areas.
Life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical images have three product sequences that are more product- and market-competitive within the industry. In addition to the three main product areas, the company’s other products include osteoporology, hard mirrors, etc.
In Shenzhen and Nanjing, the company has production centres with a total area of more than 300,000 square metres, while producing nearly 300 products, over 10,000 product configurations, responding quickly to diversification needs and delivering to the global market.
Chart 56: Shenzhen Light Manufacturing Centre Figure 57: Nanjing Myrry Manufacturing Centre Figure 58: Life Information and Support Products (I)
Figure 59: Life Information and Support Products (ii) Figure 60: In vitro diagnostic products (ii) Figure 61: In vitro diagnostic products (ii)
Figure 62: Corporate medical image products (i) Figure 63: Corporate medical image products (ii) Life information and support operations: stronger international competitiveness
Life information and support is a combination of instruments and solutions for vital information monitoring and support, including monitors, defibrillators, anaesthetic machines, respirators, electrocardiogram machines, operating beds, operating lights, chandeliers, pump, operating room/heavy care unit (oricu) as a whole.
Figure 67: Model hospital brand distribution of life information and support equipment
• Guardianship instrument: the country’s leader, the world’s most influential guardian, is a biological parameter for monitoring patients, which can be compared with known values and alerts for excess standards.
evaluatemedtech, China Medical Industry Information Centre, etc., estimated the global (excluding Japan) custody product market size at $2.68 billion and $2.68 billion in 2015 and 2016 respectively, and the projected market size at $2.79 billion in 2017;
The market size of China ' s guardianship products was 1.79 billion yuan and 1.75 billion yuan in 2016, and the market is expected to be 2.02 billion yuan in 2017, with a high global concentration of the custodian market, with Philip, General Electric and Murray in the main.
In 2016, the company ranked third and first in the global and Chinese guardianship markets, after years of research and development and marketing efforts. In 2008, Murray bought $202 million of the United States-based datascope medical surveillance equipment.
Datascape is located in New Jersey, the United States, with a technical team of more than 80 researchers and related intellectual property rights, as well as a 50% share of the U.S. market for custody of small and medium-sized hospitals under 300 beds. Through this merger and purchase, Murray won not only the care products, techniques, but also the care of the Datascope.
Technical and intellectual property rights have also opened the way to the American market. Chart 69:2017 National branding of guardianship equipment Chart 72: Sales of corporate guardianship instruments compared to industry (millions of dollars)
Figure 73: Sales and average prices of corporate custodians. Some of the IT-type materials used by custodians for 2015-2017, such as lcd screens, electrical barrier screens and battery raw materials, have been subject to a year-on-year decline in purchasing prices and to a certain reduction in the average cost of guardianship instruments.
The common methods of defibrillation are, inter alia, electric defibrillator, drug defibrillation, handcraft.
The tremor is a first-aid device that uses electric shocks to rescue and treat heart rate disorders, and the most extensive clinical application is the in vitro automatic defibrillator (aed). On average, more than 540,000 heart-borne deaths occur in the country every year, mainly in the form of heartbeats.
Stopping and breathing. According to the literature, the rate of survival in cases of cardiac arrest outside hospitals is only about 5% (less than 1% in the country), and if automatic defibrillators are used within three minutes, the rate can increase to 75% and 50% in five minutes.
Apart from the use of tremors in medical institutions, they are widely deployed in public places such as airports, stations, shopping malls, and writing buildings. As people become more aware of first aid, the demand for tremors persists.
The market size is expected to be $740 million: China ' s defibrillator products in 2015 and 2016, with a market size of $530 million and $650 million and a projected market size of $750 million in 2017.
According to the company’s network of officials, almost all of the aeds on the Chinese market were monopolized by the companies listed above.
Market prices for products have fallen sharply by more than 50%. After several years of promotion, Méri not only has a share in China’s aed market of more than 20%, second only to Philip, but has also exported its products to countries and regions.
According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, in 2016 the company ranked fifth in the global and second in China's tremors market, respectively. The company's automatic defibrillator (“aed”) sales increased faster, as a result of the sale unit price of the aed
The average price of defibrillators decreased at a lower level.
The anaesthesia machine is a semi-open anaesthesia device that transports anaesthesia through mechanical circuits into the pulmonary blisters of the infected person, forming an anaesthetic gas pressure, dispersing it into the bloodstream and causing a perturbation of the central nervous system, with the effect of full-body anaesthesia.
The company entered the field of anaesthesia in 2005, launched an internationally advanced medium-end high-end anaesthesia machine wato-50/60 in 2006, and further developed by the North American international research and development team to locate high-end North American a series of drunk workstations. The company also launched its first global full power plant.
China’s market for anaesthetics is about RMB 1 billion a year. According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, companies in 2016 were worldwide (excluding Japan) and China.
According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association’s post-sale satisfaction survey, the country’s sample hospital, Myrie, sells an anaesthesia machine.
In addition, products such as company respirators, electrocardiograms, surgical beds, operating lights, chandelier hangbridges, injection pumps, handicrafts/heavy wards (or icu) as a whole are available nationally and internationally.
Figure 79: Sample Hospital Respirator Satisfaction Full performance of the in vitro diagnostic industry flagship product (ivd) product is examined through human samples (e.g. blood, body fluid, tissue, etc.)
In vitro diagnostics are the world ' s largest breakdown of medical devices, with a global in vitro diagnostic market capacity of over $60 billion in 2016 and a compound growth of over 4% per year.  Based on our grass roots research, we estimate that the in vitro diagnosis market will produce an annual output of about 60 billion United States dollars per year in 2018.
According to the statistical analysis of China's Medicine Health Blue Book published by the China Medical Industry Information Centre, the market size of the country's in vitro diagnostic products is expected to reach 72.3 billion yuan in 2019, with an annual compound growth rate of 18.7 per cent.
In terms of the breakdown, the most important products of the ivd market are immuno-diagnostics, biochemical diagnostics, molecular diagnostics, blood cells/celebrosis, microbiological diagnostics, etc. Currently, a considerable degree of national substitution of biochemical diagnostic products has been completed, and reagents are already quite large.
The market for immuno-diagnostics (mainly chemically luminous) is dominated by import brands. But domestic chemical luminators, represented by Murray, Anto, and the new industry, are beginning to upgrade their product capabilities.
Level II and below medical institutions gradually infiltrate into high-level hospitals, both in absolute size and relative proportions. High-end areas of molecular diagnostic products such as gene sequencing, ddpcr, mass spectrometry are basically imported and reagent monopolies, but the market for low-end products has become almost universal in terms of national reagents and equipment, a small number of them.
Energetic and emerging firms are also beginning to try to break out of high-end areas. The company is the leader of an in vitro diagnosis in the country, with a relatively complete product line that covers the main areas of clinical testing such as biochemical analysis, blood cell analysis, immunoanalysis, condensation analysis, etc.
Biochemical diagnostics: National Chemical Genesis Loops Biochemical analysis is one of the most common methods of testing in clinical laboratories. Methods are mature, instruments are fully automated, the overall market growth is relatively flat, and the market share of domestic products is larger.
It is worth noting, however, that in-country laboratory biochemical analysis is heavily provided and compatible by different manufacturers, using open platforms, i.e. biochemicals (more imported products) and reagents (more domestically produced reagents). Thus, a significant number of high standards have emerged in the country.
Biochemical reagent enterprises, however, because full-automatic biochemical analysers involve a multiplicity of technologies such as mechanical, optical, electronic, etc., are relatively difficult and less profitable to develop, with fewer high-level manufacturers in the country, and the overall gap with imported products is greater than with biochemical reagents.
We believe that the company has the highest capacity for biochemistry and products in the country, with the introduction of multi-model full-automatic biochemical analysis systems in the bs-200 series, bs-300 series, bs-400/480, bs-800 series, bs-2000 series and so on, making Murray ' s medical care less available globally.
Several manufacturers can provide a full range of high-performance biochemical detection systems. Murray's medical biochemical reagent products cover haemolysis, liver function, kidney function, cardiovascular, diabetes, rheumatism, and special proteins, and a well-developed technology platform for product development, including enzyme-driven response techniques, has been established.
Science platforms, anti-interference technology platforms, and glue-leaching technology platforms have significantly improved the quality and efficiency of product development. The glue-leaching platform has moved beyond the traditional technology complex and inefficient vials of necks to form a concubine that is unique to the industry, leading the performance of the relevant emulsion reagents.
According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, in 2016, the company ranked third in the Chinese chemical and biological analysis product market, followed only by Japan (Bosna Rhodes) and Beckman.
Immunisation diagnostics (the vast majority of the market is chemically luminous) are the largest single sub-sector in the vd industry, and we estimate, based on grass-roots research, that the country sells more than 20 billion yuan annually. Chemical luminous immunisation is a relatively high sub-sector in the vd, owing, on the one hand, to immunization consultations.
In addition, chemical light is a closed platform (only for home-grown reagents), and companies need to have the capacity to produce high-performance reagents and automatic light analysers simultaneously. As a result, national production substitution in this market is much lower than biochemical, biochemical, chemical, chemical, chemical, chemical, chemical, chemical, chemical, etc.
In blood cells, for example, imported products still dominate (80-90%). But national production leads, brands such as Murray, Anto, new industries, etc., have matured at an early stage, opening up a process of release, which anticipates a gradual penetration of higher-level hospitals in the future.
The company's full-automatic chemical luminous immune analysis system instrument uses low-carrying samples, notation techniques, high-equivalency magnetic particle mixing techniques, highly efficient and low-loss rates of magnetic particle cleansing, advanced technology, precision, sensitivity, linearity, carrying pollution, etc.
The main test indicators are at the level of similar products in large-scale international medical production enterprises. Companies have been listed/researched for 120, 240, 480 speeds of more than one type of machine, adapted to the needs of different levels of medical care, with higher levels of post-sale satisfaction at the end.
The company has developed and certified several chemical reagent packages containing thyroid, oncological signs, reproductive hormones, infectious diseases, myocardial signs, diabetes, anaemia, osteoporosis, endocrine hormone reagent boxes and accompanying calibration and quality control products.
Figure 90: Post-sale satisfaction at the sample hospital Blood cells/crete blood analysis: National blood cell analysis ranks 2nd product in a comprehensive manner. There are many similarities between blood cell analysis and biochemical diagnosis from a global market perspective: technology
It has a high level of maturity, and the market has been relatively stable for many years. The blood cell analyser has been using electro-resistance devices that classify white cells, red cells, blood platelets in blood, and can also get blood-related data on haemoglobin concentrations, red cell pressure, etc.
Common blood cell analysers have three-class blood cells at lower ends (segregation of white cells into tiny cells, intermediate cells and large cells) and five-class blood cells at higher ends (further separation of white cells into lymphocytes, neutral particle cells, acidic cells, alkaline cells, single cells)
Nuclear cells. In addition, the combination of blood cell technology (based mainly on resistance) and fluid cell technology can create more advanced blood analysis platforms (e.g. hematoflow blood flow analysis platforms in Beckmankurt).
After years of sedimentation and development, companies have developed autonomous knowledge, technologically advanced product platforms on all three routes: (1) three classified blood cell analysis platforms based on resistance and contrasting methods, (2) medium and low levels based on chemical dyeing and fluid cell technique.
Five-class blood cell analysis platform, (3) high-end blood cell analysis platform based on special fluorescent dyeing, fluid cell technique, scattering-fluorescent 3D analysis (sf-cube) technology.
At the same time, through the development and distribution of blood liquid cell workstations, the company has captured the key technologies of the fully automated chip dyer and cascade system, achieving innovation breakthroughs in the industry, as well as intelligent re-examination, smart thrusts,
Industrialization of high-end technologies in cell dyeing patterns. According to Kalomainformation, the global blood cell analysis market was estimated to be about $3.8 billion in 2016, 90% of which was concentrated in the top five suppliers, with Heason Migang alone taking over.
According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, the company ranked second in the Chinese blood cell analysis product market in 2016. Figure 92: China Blood Cell Analysis Market Possession Survey 2015
The blood condenser, i.e., the blood condensation analyser, is the instrument for laboratory examination of blood embolisms and blood suppressions.The detection of blood control and blood embolism markers is closely linked to clinical disorders, such as the hardening of arteries, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, arterial strangulations, and blood clots.
The company introduced semi-automatic, 200-speed, 300-speed and 400-speed condensation detection systems.
Key technologies, including dual-circuit magnets, reagent rapid sampling and temperature, sample automatic awareness, and transport platforms, have been broken to achieve quality control before, during and after analysis of condensation tests.
The company's bloodcrete reagent product covers seven routine tests and is the first in the country to provide seven full liquid medical imaging operations: Chinese Super Dragon Head national production to replace medical imaging products that can be used by companies such as ultrasound diagnostic systems, digital x-ray imaging systems.
Ultrasound diagnostic systems provide real-time diagnostics using digitally controlled sound-wave emission and reception techniques Images that detect ultrasound of human tissue, blood flow direction and velocity, hardness, etc. Digital x-ray imaging systems use tablet detectors to capture images, compared to conventional radiation
Image systems, digital x-ray imaging systems, reduce patient exposure to x-rays.  Ultrasound diagnostics are an economic, practical, repeatable, non-damaged means of detection with the advantage of non-invasive, non-human, adaptive, etc. The ultrasound system type b, centred on ultrasound image technology, is already in place.
The ultrasound technology is constantly updated, from black and white to color, from two to three dimensions, from harmonic imaging to elastic imaging, from automatic recognition to artificial intelligence, and new ultrasound technology is expanding the boundaries of ultrasound technology applications.
From all over the body color to the specialist color, from the desktop color to the portable color, to the palm color to the empirical diagnosis to the artificial intelligence.
From on-site inspection to remote diagnosis, from two-dimensional imaging to real-time three-dimensional imaging, there are about 100 ultrasound producers around the world, and Europe and America now occupy high-end markets, and Japan and Korea are at the end.
At the end of the spectrum, domestic firms have become the world’s largest suppliers of low-end ultrasound, ultrasound on hand, and ultrasound on hand. In particular, in the area of new product types, some of the products of domestic firms have come close to, or even reached, the point where, according to our research and expert interviews, the global ultrasound market sells around $6.2 billion a year.
The domestic market is about 8 billion yuan. For historical reasons, the domestic ultrasound market is still dominated (over 70% of the total market) by “gps” (ge, Philip, Siemens), with a relatively limited share of national production (about 15%).
As the country's ultrasound equipment progresses, the procurement of the national lottery by the Sankoh Hospital has increased, and medical facilities below 2A and below are in principle no longer equipped to import the superbs, while the wave of national production of ultrasound equipment is beginning to rise, leading the country's ultrasound image, and leading the domestic market.
The top colour Doppler ultrasound diagnosing machine, the high-level improvement of the portable ultrasound diagnostic device, the introduction of the high-end color Doppler ultrasound diagnoser, took over a share of the domestic tri-a hospital and the international high-end market. In 2013, the company acquired the fifth-ranking American ultrasound diagnostic system at $105 million.
In January 2017, Zonnare completed the merger with the United States of America; after the merger, Zonnare wrote off and the United States of America inherited and inherited all the assets, personnel, and rights obligations of Zonnare. The product of Zonnare was dominated by a new portable colour ultrasound diagnostic device, which effectively accelerated the integration of the company.
The company followed up with high-end, high-end superproducts like resona 7, which led to the development of a high-end, portable, coloured Doppler ultrasound diagnostic system in the field of medical imagery, and a number of high-end, high-end, super-technology studies, including high-performance energy changers, auto-scanning of the breast, etc.
Pre-research of technology such as image integration and heart movement analysis. Figure 99: Distribution of national ultrasound sample hospital brands. Figure 101: Overselling, average price, cost.
Quantities of sales (dollars) Quantities of sales (dollars) Quantities of sales (dollars) Quantities of sales (dollars) Quantities of sales (dollars) Quantities of sales (dollars) Quantities of sales (dollars) Quantities of prices (dollars) Quantities of sales Quantities of sales (dollars) Quantities of sales Quantities of sales (dollars) Quantities of prices (dollars)
Since then, the country has become the world’s second largest market for medical equipment. ▪ But the main market share in a large number of areas is monopolized by importing firms, with more than 16,000 domestic producers, more than 400,000 small enterprises, weak R & D, and relative product, technology and service capabilities.
According to the Hi (Huffindar-Hashmann Index), with the exception of ultrasound imaging equipment and a fully automated biochemistry, the remaining major types of medical equipment in the country belong to the oligarchy market, most of which are multinational enterprises. General Electric (ge), Philips, Siemens, referred to as “gps”
(siemens) Three companies have long dominated China’s 70 per cent market for high-end medical equipment, and multinational enterprises such as Rhodes, Yape, Heisen Meikang also dominate in the area of in vitro diagnosis.
Figure 106: Number of enterprises operating medical equipment in the country (in thousands) The cost of the market dominance of multinational enterprises in the field of technology-intensive equipment and appliances is heavy costs of building the hardware of the hospital and high costs of screening and medical treatment.
The new congress, the bicameral congress and the ninth National Congress of the China Association of Science and Technology stated: “The vast majority of the major patented drug markets in our country are occupied by foreign companies, and the import of high-end medical equipment is one of the main reasons for the high cost of medical treatment”.
▪ In the current situation of health insurance costs, we believe that an increase in the rate of national production of medical equipment is the necessary basis for controlling the proportion of inspection costs and saving on health-care costs.
Guidance (State Office, communication No. [116]), 15 of which are closely linked to the medical equipment industry, requires strict implementation of the provisions of the Law of the People's Republic of China on Public Procurement, which stipulates that State-produced medicines and medical devices meet the requirements, and public procurement projects are in principle subject to the procurement of State-produced products.
▪ The China Building 2025 programme aims to improve the innovation and industrialization of medical equipment, focusing on the development of high-performance diagnostic equipment such as video equipment and medical robotics.
In 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on the three-year action plan for enhancing core manufacturing competitiveness (2018-2020), which identified the “industrialization of high-end medical devices and critical technologies for pharmaceuticals” as one of the nine major areas of focus. Subsequently, the National Development and Reform Commission developed the “High-end medical devices and critical technologies for pharmaceuticals”
One of the main objectives of the industrial implementation programme, which focuses on supporting the development of five broad categories of medical devices in video equipment, therapeutic equipment, in vitro diagnostic products, implantation products, specialized technical services platforms, is to fill more than 10 countries with innovative medical devices through the implementation of the programme.
Internal gaps: more than 10 state-owned high-end medical equipment brands have been upgraded, quality performance has increased significantly, and sales have entered the top three markets for the same products: a leading business in the development of medical devices, sales earnings of more than 2 billion medical devices have reached more than 10.
· A series of initiatives to promote an increase in the proportion of domestically produced equipment and devices
In the province of Hunan, 130 dr were awarded a public call for equipment for basic health facilities in 2018, the first package of 70 medical images was awarded, with a winning price of 1.5421 million yuan; the second package of 60 units, with a winning price of 13.836,000 yuan, was awarded.
In addition, 80, 70 and 50 images of open, super and blue were awarded, respectively: $9.444 million, $7.973 million and $4.75 million. The biochemistry was marked as the home of Mari's only. The winning price was $8.0219 million.
In 2017, all-embracing equipment was purchased at the Guizhou county and township health schools (total automatic biochemistry: 10,000 yuan: the Dr project was awarded respectively by Vandong Medical, Deep Diagnosis and Shenzhen Anko in the amount of 9835, 7603 and 7552 million yuan, respectively: the Digital Colour Super project was carried out by Shenzhen Mairi and Kai.
The amount of $59.17 million and $5.07 million, respectively. Why is it so difficult and necessary for a medical facility to do so?  Compared to medicines, there are a number of important features of medical equipment and the equipment industry:
There's a lot of sub-areas, a lot of different technical backgrounds, a lot of varieties, but the sales of a single product are generally low, and technology overlaps and product renewals are particularly rapid.
Sales services and after-sales services are relatively demanding, so there are more medical equipment and small businesses in the appliances industry and fewer big ones because it's relatively easy to take advantage of the innovation opportunities of a particular species, but it's hard to get a single one when you're out.
The advantage extends to other types of goods; The rapid result of the technology mix is that companies must sustain high levels of R & D inputs and be configured in the future, which is also a lack of capacity for small businesses:
In addition to continuing high endogenous R & D inputs, the development of the appliances industry, in addition to continuing high R & D inputs, will require intensive extra-drawn and acquisitions, as well as consolidated management capacity after M & A, constantly updating the product.
Open up the space and maintain the inevitable options for long-term viability. Looking back at the evolution of the world’s medical giants, whether it's the Roche diagnosis that focuses on in vitro diagnosis, or the beauty of pacemaker, cardiovascular consumables, trauma medicine, etc., as its main product.
We believe that this inspiration is particularly important in determining investments in domestic medical equipment and appliances.
The company is the largest, largest R & D provider in the country, and the most powerful in combination: the largest internationalization among domestic industrial enterprises, with a wealth of experience in overseas operations and experience in overseas M & As;
The product sector of the company is relatively comprehensive and has moved away from a single variety of dependency and become a comprehensive medical establishment.
Figure 110: M.T.F. 2008-fy2018 Income, R & D expenditure, acceleration and R & D as a share of income
▪ As analysed above, it is difficult for a medical device enterprise to develop top-level competitiveness in a variety of product areas; but once this “cross-line” competitiveness is developed and multiple product lines are admitted, the company will gain a significant advantage in competing for quality channel resources (since most of the resources of the conduits are available).
Hospitals are units where more efficient use of channel resources can be made by more comprehensive firms.  Multi-product lines, single-hospital revenues, companies can devote more resources to the procurement and staffing of the end-hospitals, and, naturally, a better user experience, individual products, unit income.
Figure 114: Comparison of sales by different companies Capital markets to enhance R & D and M capabilities
▪ We believe that the main drivers of the growth of medical appliances in different stages of the domestic market are different: the key to the success of the start-up phase is the ability to channel: the initial product is either immature or homogenous with other enterprises, the size of the domestic market and the complexity of the local situation, which allows access to one side.
The key in the medium term is service capacity: as firms grow up, the coarse and logical expansion of linear growth through development channels encounters ceilings: the firms are also gradually regularizing, systematizing, expanding services and after-sales teams, upgrading their capacity for direct service, and increasing customer stickyness, which is essential at this stage.
The key to growth is product capacity: the enterprise has grown to this stage, has matured and become larger, and the channels and service systems have reached relatively high levels, further increasing the marginal contribution of inputs and diminishing. On the contrary, the biggest bottleneck at this point is the nature of the medical equipment industry, as described above.
Properties: The sale of single-species ceilings is less than drugs, while the technological accumulation required for cross-species development varies widely. The most important task of enterprise development at this stage is to increase investment in R & D and to expand M & As to enhance market competitiveness for varieties, while expanding the lines of innovative products.
From a developmental point of view, we believe that the company, as the best enterprise in the country, has undoubtedly reached the third stage. Continued growth, especially in the overseas market, must be based on and dependent on product strength.
No more than 121.6 million shares, the issuance of fund-raising, after deducting the cost of distribution, for multiple fund-raising projects, which we believe to be reasonable and efficient in setting up corporate fund-raising projects, whether it be the upgrading of productive capacity, the strengthening of research and development innovations, and the upgrading of marketing services, all contribute to the further enhancement of companies.
Market competitiveness, especially in the interest of raising the company’s share in the domestic market, figure 115: Corporate fund-raising plans to enable us to take stock of the company’s growth prospects in the field of medical equipment, which is expected to be nationalized.
One of the greatest beneficiaries of this increase is the prospect of increasing competitiveness in overseas markets and creating internationally influential brands of medical devices. Without considering the financial cost implications of market share-sharing and fund-raising, we expect companies to become more competitive.
▪ Not considering the industry's position and growth value of the company, and not issuing shares in the ps and fund-raising — the risk of pipeline inventory: the company's strong channel capacity may affect the Division's follow-up process of warehousing and release if it has a high level of pipeline stock;
In late 2015, the company raised the full amount of its reputations for other-pacs, other-hard tube endoscopic mirrors, and other-soft endoscopic mirrors.
Impairment preparedness: At the end of 2016 and the end of 2017, based on goodwill tests, companies did not need to add up or decrease a large proportion of their income from the United States market and part of the raw materials originated in the United States, and the impact of increased trade friction between the United States and the United States on corporate sales and purchases
(a) The long history and size of the company, involving a number of pending litigations, which may have an impact on the future development of the company's business; but we believe that the cases involve relatively limited amounts and have little impact on the company as a whole;
▪ The risk of slow change in the company's accounts receivable and inventory weeks.
Request price: The price range of the request is proposed to be declared by the requestee.