At the industrial level: Murray is the leader of a medical instrument with strong internal growth and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, benefiting from three major policy dividends: “Standardly consultations, promotion of state-made devices, special clearance corridors”.
We have a boom in the medical equipment industry, which in 2017 was more than 400 billion yuan in market size, and in 2001-2017 was more than 21.76 per cent more rapidly than ever before. The three policy dividends of the “Stand-by-Stand-Stand-Stand-In + Special Approval Corridor” were added to facilitate the expansion of the market at the grass-roots level and the replacement of the stock market, which is a good national product, represented by Murray.
Product analysis: The most complete product line in the country, the layout of Life Information and Support + In vitro Diagnosis + Medical Pictures.
The rate of increase is over 50 per cent, and the follow-up harvest is expected to maintain a 40-50 per cent increase, with life information and support products at the top of the external diagnostic enterprise; chemical luminous products and in vitro diagnostic currents subside import replacements, with a 29.26 per cent increase in the pull-out diagnostic plate; and Murray as the first echelon of national vd.
Chemical luminous instruments are comparable to the international giants and reagents, and future ivd plates are expected to maintain a high growth rate of 25 to 30 per cent. 3) Under 10 per cent of high-end supermarket domestic production and large import substitution space; Murray video products break patent closures and technological monopolies abroad, clinical applications of products are comparable to mainstream import equipment, high-end companies.
Ultrasonic resona7 has reached maturity in sales, with $2.935 billion in 2017 for M.M.I.D. products, of which $2.123 billion is worth, and we expect M.M. to maintain a 25-30% increase in M.A.'s colored superproducts.
1) R & D inputs: R & D innovation is valued at 10% of the total revenue each year, of which R & D in 2017 was more than 1 billion and far more than a share of the peer medical equipment enterprise. 2) R & D team: one R & D engineer in the eight major R & D in the global layout. 3) R & D results: storage of a number of core technologies and projects, with more than 10 new products per year.
On average, at least 10 patented technologies are used for new products; intellectual property protection is emphasized, with about 300 patent applications per year; marketing channels cover nearly 110,000 health institutions, more than 190 countries and regions across the country.
A comprehensive after-sales service system is in place. 1) The domestic market: a grass-roots, highly sticky distribution network with 17 subsidiaries, more than 40 branches, covering nearly 110,000 medical institutions and more than 99 per cent of tria from the township to the central city.
Long-term partnership with leading medical institutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany and France.
The three main areas of medical imagery and diagnosis are 1.1 years of development: the field of deep-farm medical equipment, which was founded in 1991 by the lead company for domestic medical equipment, Murray, mainly in the development, manufacture, marketing and servicing of medical equipment. Since its inception, the company has been working on deep-farm medical equipment.
In the field of arms, through endogenous development and extended acquisition, the expansion of product lines and geographical areas has gone through the development of a single product to a multi-product line, a domestic market to a global market, a low-end product to a high-end product. The company ' s products now cover three main areas of interest: life information and support, medical imagery, and in vitro diagnosis (ivd), the largest and leading medical equipment and solutions in China.
Figure 2. Product coverage of life information and support, medical imagery and stock structure of ivd 1.2: Lixitine, Xu Air Holding 65% of shares, Li Sittin indirectly owns 29.8944% of shares of the company through the smartcodevelopment and Xu indirectly through Magnificence (hk)
With 27.1413% of the company’s shares, Li and Xu have combined indirect holdings of 7.59% of the company’s shares through wise management and wise-fu investments. As a result, Li and Xiting and Xu co-owned the company’s shares indirectly, totalling 64.63%, and are co-controlled by the company. The company is well aware of the logic of the development of the medical equipment industry, the closeness of technological innovation and the integration of M & As with two paths, the internal and external balance layouts.
The Ministry, based in Shenzhen, China, has 40 offshore subsidiaries in more than 30 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa and Latin America; it has 17 affiliates and 44 affiliates in the country, forming a vast network of globalized R & D, marketing and services. 1.3 Financial situation: combined performance growth of 24 per cent in the last three years, with competitive advantages contributing to profitability
The decline in net profits is mainly due to strategic adjustments by companies to integrate products, trademarks, and distribution channels in a comprehensive manner, resulting in higher losses in terms of impairment of assets. 38.05 per cent, 33.61 per cent and 26.37 per cent, respectively, of the income from the main business activities of the three groups of products per year; a geographical analysis of the share of domestic operating income of about 50 per cent each to the overseas income of North America and Europe, respectively, and a gradual increase in the share of domestic market revenue.
Profitability analysis, where the Māori rate for the three categories of company life information and support products, in vitro diagnostic products and medical imaging products was 65.52 per cent, 66.11 per cent and 70.46 per cent, respectively, were at a high level.
The country's well-deserved medical equipment flagship company, the State and local industry companies, earned $11,174 million in operating income in 2017, resulting in a net profit of $2,589 million for their mothers, far higher than for other publicly listed companies in the medical equipment industry.
It is the country’s well-deserved leading medical equipment enterprise. The company is the only Chinese company in the top 50 countries in the global 100th ranking of medical equipment in 2015, listed by qmed from the s&pcapitaliq database under the banner.
Since its creation, Murray has invested about 10 per cent of its annual sales in research and development, introduced more than 10 new products each year, introduced an average of up to 10 patented technologies, and continued to lead the way in defining new standards of quality and efficiency in health care, as standard-setters for national and local industries and as active agents of industry development.
2.2 Industry profile: The country ' s medical equipment market is over 400 billion, with a compound growth rate of 21.76 per cent per year, a larger market space for medical imagery and vd industry, 2.2.1 billion and a compound growth rate of 21.76 per cent per year, far exceeding the growth rate in the global market.
The global market for medical devices will continue to grow as the world ' s population grows naturally, population ageing increases and economic growth in developing countries. According to information from the evaluatemedtech, the global market for medical devices in 2016 was $386.8 billion, followed by 2.2.2 medical images and the vd industry, with a huge share in the overall market for medical devices of more than 10%.
There are a number of areas where medical devices are broken down, ranging from simple consumption, such as a sponge for blood control, a one-time syringe, to sophisticated large-scale medical equipment, such as a medical magnetic resonance device. In terms of market share, vd and diagnostic images are the largest: both the global market and the domestic market, both of which are in the top three segments, with a share of more than 10%.
In the first place, up to 16 per cent; in the second, up to 14 per cent and up to 20 per cent per year. 2.2.3 The degree of domesticization of products from high-technology barriers, such as ultrasound and anesthesia, is less than 10 per cent.
Because of the short period of development and the low level of technology, our high-end, large-scale medical equipment market has been dominated by foreign firms represented by “gps” (g-medium, Philip, Siemens) and is monopolized in highly technologically intensive equipment such as MRI (mr), ct, ultrasound instruments, cellular images (pet-ct).
According to data from a survey conducted by the Shanghai Medical Equipment Equipment Control Centre on medical equipment in local level II and above, the share of domestic production in 2017 was more than 30% for only four types of products, such as injection pumps, surgical lamps, and less than 10% for products with high technical levels of ultrasound, anesthesia, etc., indicating that the current technical capacity of national producers is weak. But, with the country’s technological upgrading, national policies are strongly supported, and future national production will be replaced.
There is scope for increasing the market share of imports over time. 2.3 Policy dividend: the three main sectoral policies continue to release dividends, high value for money and high technology content of good country products for development opportunities.
(a) Increased market for high-value and high-tech national product brands: (i) incremental markets: referral of patients to primary health-care facilities, surge in demand for medical equipment at the grass-roots level, strong competitive advantages of high-valued national product plates; (ii) stock markets: policies that encourage the use of State-made equipment and the selection of good products to set up banners,
(c) At the research and development level: the State promotes the upgrading of innovation and research and development capabilities of medical equipment enterprises, focusing on the development of highly sophisticated products such as medical imagery, in vitro diagnosis and the construction of technical barriers to the construction of protected rivers;
The demand for medical equipment has increased dramatically and high-valued national product brands have been competitive. Policies have encouraged the use of domestic equipment, the selection of excellent products for the establishment of labels, and the branding of national products, which has led to demand for domestic equipment in hospitals above level II.
The State promotes innovation and research and development in medical equipment enterprises, with a focus on the development of highly sophisticated products such as medical imagery, in vitro diagnosis, the construction of technical barriers, the creation of 2.3.1 tiered diagnostic policies, the expansion of the market at the grass-roots level, and the promotion of high-value domestic equipment.
As a key part of this shift in medicine, the core objective of the graded clinics is to attract patients to primary health-care facilities, where medical resources are gradually sunk. The current low level of equipment in primary health-care facilities, and the gradual advancement of the grade-based clinics, which stimulates the demand for new and upgraded equipment, will be an important driver of the growth of the market for medium- and low-end medical devices in the country, and will be constrained by budgetary constraints, with primary health-care institutions relative to prices.
2.3.2 Encourage the use of domestic appliances, the selection of good national products, and the import of alternative hospital equipment. In order to break the domestic market for foreign medical devices, several sectors of the country have in recent years released the process of nationalization of medical devices.
Since 2014, the Chinese Medical Equipment Association has been entrusted by the Commission to conduct a selection process for high-quality medical equipment, which has been under way to date.
Four selections were made, involving 33 items in the catalogue of good products. The selection process highlighted the State’s support for the nationalization of national medical equipment, and, as the selection process progressed, it led to a gradual improvement in the quality of medical equipment produced in the country, thereby contributing to the branding and development of medical equipment.
In order to promote industrial development and the nationalization of medical equipment, it is necessary to deal with the lack of a foundation for core technology and to address the problem of medical equipment from the source, since 2014, when the Drug and Monitoring Service implemented its policy of special approval procedures for innovative medical equipment, it has entered the special approval channel for innovative medical equipment on an annual basis.
The number of products has increased from 17 in 2014 to 63 in 2017. Special approval channels have been effective in guiding more doctors.
High-end market import-substitution main logic, as seen from our market for medical devices: 1) large, exceeding 400 billion yuan in 2017; 2) high rate of increase, compounding between 2001 and 2017: 1) medical image market is the largest, with a share of up to 16 per cent, compared with 14 per cent in ivd.
(ii) Low national production of medical images and vd in hospitals above level II, high replacement space, at the policy level: (1) higher demand for medical equipment at the grass-roots level is opened by grade-based consultations, and high-value national product brands are competitively competitive; (2) the State encourages the use of domestic equipment to accelerate the import substitution of high-quality domestically produced products in hospitals above level II; (3) the State is encouraged to do so.
(a) At the firm level, Murray, as a leading national company, benefits from the overall industry’s upswing, and the industry’s size exceeds 20 per cent; and (b) the two pillars of Murray’s industry, medical imagery and vd’s market size and import substitution space in high-end markets.
All are big, with great potential for development; 3) Murray's product lines are well-structured, research and development innovations are strong, and channels are well-arranged. Figure 22. Murray's products cover the three main areas of life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery 1) and graded consultations open up to the grass-roots market and benefit from high value for money products.
2. Encouragement of the use of national machinery for the import of high-quality products)
The medical equipment industry is large and growing: and the market size of vd and the import substitution space at the high end of the market is huge.
Three main areas of Merrill's products: the country's most full product line, which has opened up a number of products, and China's first, more than 100 products are selected for excellent national medical equipment.
The most complete product line and coverage of low-level high schools are different levels of client demand in different countries. In addition, Murray insists on ownership, masters core technology, breaks the domestic industry gap in a number of areas, opens up "China First" and provides a powerful boost to the Chinese medical industry's chart 23. Murray's products cover three main areas: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery.
Life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, blood cell detection system.
The first-aid solution digitized the operating room, the chemical luminous immune system, the sessional solution.
Surgery lights — biochemical analysis and detection systems — solutions for critical conditions.
Hang tower bridge, coagulation system, monitor.
Surgery bed, urine test system, respirator.
The glucose hemoglobin analyser, the anesthetic machine, the accessories and consumables.
EKG and defibrillation, microbiological diagnostic systems, medical images.
• Intrascope surgical devices, desktop colours, digital x-rays
Hard mirror system, bone implants and consumables, black and white ultrasound.
Mobile digital x-fire, animal custody, ultrasound management system.
Wire imaging system, animal ultrasound, ultrasound attachment.
Figure 24. Murray broke the gap in the domestic industry and created several “China First” China's first full automatic birth of China's first double model and China's first electrical control.
China's first semi-automatic, magnetic resonance imaging system, turbo respirators.
Since 2014, the National Commission has commissioned the China Medical Equipment Association to implement the selection of products for high-quality medical equipment. In the first three selections, companies had 14, 26, and 3 of their own, with a cumulative list of 43 products; in the fourth selection, the number of new products was even higher.
More than 70. This is a product that recognizes the technical, quality, and clinical performance of the company’s products, and that can be accessed simultaneously in the catalogue, which is expected to be an important reference for the procurement of medical equipment in hospitals at all levels, thus contributing to some extent to the sale of the company’s products.
Source: Guangzhenghangseng 3.1 Life Information and Support Group, with 64.8 per cent share in the domestic market of custodians, 3.1.1 Guardianship Group, with $4.236 billion collected in 2017 for Life Information and Support Group Products
Early in its existence, Murray started with a patient-care facility with relatively little input and high market demand. First, it was a proxy life information monitoring product, which quickly paved marketing channels; in 1992, it started developing its own products and developing China’s first haemobic saturation monitor; and, thanks to the advantages of the original channels, expanded its own product sales and gradually moved on to autonomous research and development.
Figure 26. Guardian-type products, starting at the beginning, are now the third largest global custodian brand in the United States of America.
In the third largest brand in the world's guardianship field, starting with relatively little input and high market demand for patient custody equipment, proxy life letters.
Interest-guarded products, fast-tracked marketing channels, started autonomous research and development of products and the development of China ' s first Oxygen Saturation Monitor; benefited from the former
With the advantage of channels, the sale of their own products has been expanded and they are gradually moving on to autonomous research and development.The company ' s existing life information and support products include guardianship devices, defibrillators, anesthesia machines, respirators, electrocardiograms, operating beds, operating lights, etc.
(b) A combination of instruments and solutions for vital information monitoring and support, such as the Hangar Lodge Bridge, the O.R./I.C.C. In 2017, Life Information and Support Products received $4.236 billion, or 18.93 per cent more than in 2017, and 38.05 per cent of the company ' s total revenue. Of this, the largest share was in custody and the highest Mäori rate, with 1,620 million yuan in 2017 and an average Mäori rate of 70.71 per cent over the last three years;
In addition to the higher rate of growth in tremors, which is mainly accelerators with the advantage of light and easy-to-use automatics, the rapid release of tremors (aed) led to a 50 per cent increase in the year-on-year rate in 2017, leading to a rapid increase in overall income. 3.1.2 In addition to the benefits of life information and support products, the market for guardianship devices is ranked third in the world and first in the country.
Murray has been farming for many years in the area of guardianship equipment, providing a full set of equipment and solutions, including bedside monitors, telemetry monitors, to the central guardianship system. The concentration of the custodian market is now high, with Philip, General Electric, and Murray taking the main share: according to the China Medical Equipment Association, the company ranked third in the global custody equipment market in 2016 and first in the domestic market.
The company also has a share in the narcotics market, ranked third in the world and third in China, after two foreign companies, Delg and General Medicine. In addition, the company has a place in other markets for medical equipment, such as laboratory equipment, lightbeds, etc.
The advantage of access to life information and support products provides a solid basis for the promotion of new products at a later stage, as well as for the development of new areas. Figure 30.2017 shares of the Méri guardian market in 64.8%, Figure 31.2017 shares of the Méri anaesthesia in 11.2%.
Paulette, 3.5%. Philip, Murray,
Figure 32.2017: 15.3 per cent of the market for inspection room equipment; Figure 33.2017: 9.9 per cent for surgical equipment such as bed towers, 3.2. Miri is the first class of national product, vd, subsided and accelerated import substitution, continued.
The list of in vitro diagnostic products, including immunization, biochemistry, haematology, condensation, urine chemistry, fluid cytology, and so on, covers all the sub-divisions of more than 5% of the country ' s in vitro diagnostic industry. In 2017, the in vitro diagnostic product received 3,741 million yuan, an increase of 29.26% from 28.96% in 2014 to 33.61% in 2017.
3.2.1 Murray is the country ' s first-tier vd-producing company, with a revenue of 3,741 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 29.26 per cent compared to the current 29.26 per cent in the vd sector, but the rapid rise of firms in countries such as Murray, Cohua, New Industries and Anto.
The market share is the highest for Murray. According to mcevoy&farmer, the market share in 2015 was about 3.2 per cent in the ivd market.
The profitability of Meriivd products is relatively high, and the Māori rate is slightly higher than the comparable corporate average, mainly due to: 1) a large number of large companies, including some proxy operations, while Māori focuses on its own R&D, production and marketing, with greater stability in Māori rates; 2) an increase in the sale of high-end products such as in vitro diagnostic water flow lines and chemical luminous immune devices, coupled with a growing variety of reagents and an increase in the overall Māori ratio driven by high Māori products.
The Māori rate for the Meriivd product in 2017 was 66.11 per cent, which is only one percentage point less than that of the Antu organisms in the main chemical luminous immunology product. 3.2.2 The in vitro diagnostic industry has increased at an annual compound rate of 20 per cent, with the chemical luminous market “Technology Substitution + Import Substitution” ivd being the largest segment of the global market for medical devices. vd accounted for ivd in 2016, according to data from the evaluatemedtech study.
Although we have a late start and small scale, we have increased by up to 20 per cent per year, well above the world ' s 5 per cent left, covering a wide range of disaggregated areas, such as immunization, biology, haemology, condensation, heavy care chemistry, etc. The country has a larger market for immunization, chemistry, haemology, and, in 2015, a market share of 38 per cent, 23 per cent, and 14 per cent, respectively.
Figure 39. The country ' s immunization and biochemical share of the IVd market in 2015 is 60 per cent. In the country ' s ivd area, the market share is more than 5 per cent divided by immunization, biochemistry, haematology and condensation.
The highest share of the market in the vd field has been in the evolution of isotope radio-immunisation, glue gold, enzyme immunisation, temporal diagnosing fluorescent, chemical luminum, etc. With high sensitivity and high flux rapid detection technology, the market share of chemical luminous immunology analysis techniques has gradually risen and has been maintained at an increase of around 25-30%, gradually replacing such technologies as radio-immunisation and enzyme co-immunisation.
However, the current domestic chemical lighting market is dominated by imported products, of which the four largests, Roth, Yape, Danah and Siemens, have a market share of over 80% and a national production rate of less than 20%. As domestic product skill levels rise and policy support are strong, there is a huge space for future countries to replace imported products with foreign ones.
The scale of the chemical luminous immune market is expected to reach $26,290 million, with an import substitution space of $21 billion for nationally produced chemical luminous products, based on 80% of import brands. Murray aims at the market potential of chemical luminous products, and has focused in recent years on the development of new shipping routes. 3.2.3 Murray ' s chemical luminous instrument performance side by side with the international giant, with 64 reagents covering multi-area tests.
From China ' s first semi-automatic tri-sectional blood cell analyser in 1998, to China ' s first five-class blood cell analyser in 2011 with a networked red cell and a nuclear red cell detection function, bc-6800, to today ' s full-automatic blood analysis of water flow lines and immuno-chemical interconnections, the in vitro diagnostic operations in Murray cover blood, biochemistry, immuno-analysis systems and move towards laboratory automation and overall solutions.
Figure 43. In vitro diagnostic products include analytical systems such as blood cells, biochemistry, immunisation, condensation, etc.
It is in the forefront and supports modular expansion at a maximum speed of 960 t/h. Murray has a full range of reagent products, and the company ' s current chemical luminous reagents have increased from 27 at the beginning of 2015 to 64 at the end of 2017, covering myocardial signs, diabetes, anaemia, infectious diseases, oncological signs, thyroid functions, sex hormones, osteoporosis and liver fibres.
In addition, pg1, pg2, scca, ca50, etc., are still under development and will not continue to improve the detection product, till the chemical luminous market and gradually capture the market share of foreign products.
Figure 45. Murray developed 12 reagent products with a higher detection target than Beckman, Siemens 3.3 Murray, a national production lead in ultrasound markets, and high-end colour superclinical applications with a similar effect to 3.3.1 Murray Medical Images products outside the United States, which in 2017 generated $2.935 billion, of which the colours outperformed 72.33 per cent.
Murray entered the video field in 1996 and introduced China’s first fully autonomous intellectual property rights, full-digit black and white, desktop colour and portable colour, to become a leader in high-end image technology. The digital X-ray photography system was launched in 2007 and continues to be innovative in the field of medical imagery. The company’s medical visual products are currently dominated by ultrasound diagnostic systems, including digital X-ray imaging systems.
Figure 46. The company ' s medical imaging products include ultrasound diagnostic systems, digital x-ray imaging systems. In 2013, the company acquired a high-end ultrasound image manufacturer, Zonare, into the high-end ultrasound market.
In 2017, the company’s medical-image products were raised by 2,935 million yuan, a 24.67% increase over the previous year; of that amount, 2,123 million yuan were collected, representing 72.33% of the medical-image products. Murray’s braids benefited from “a rise in government procurement at the grass-roots level + an increase in imports at the mid-to-high end of the market” and are expected to increase by nearly 30% per year.
1. As a result of the gradual diversion of treatment to the grass-roots market, the demand of primary health-care institutions will increase the volume of national product brands with high value-added advantages, such as medical care and open medicine (20-30 per cent lower prices for national products than for foreign same-sex products). 2) The company ' s multi-platform coloured Doppler ultrasound diagnostic instrument will be selected for high-quality medical equipment, and the State will encourage the use of national equipment.
It is hoped that the market share of the imported medium- and high-end products will be seized significantly in the larger context. Chart 48. Murray Medical Services, with its high-value and fast-service advantage, will be able to purchase ultrasound items (in thousands of dollars) on the basis of local government tenders. 3.3.2 The country’s ultrasound market is nearly 10 billion in size, the high-end supermarket is less than 10% home-grown, and the Murray siege.
Our market for ultrasound equipment is nearly 10 billion and is growing at a compound rate of about 6% a year, more than around 4% a year. Currently, the national product superproducts cover mainly medium- and low-end markets, while the high-end supermarket (primarily in Trinity A Hospital) is still dominated by the Gps, with national product brands accounting for less than 10%.
The outlook is good. The share of Murray in 2017 was 4.7% in the ultrasound market at Shanghai level II and above, and it came out of the monopolistic ultrasound market. Figure 50.2017 shows 4.7% in the ultrasound market at the Metro level II and beyond hospital.
3.3.3 Murray breaks the patent blockade and the monopoly of technology abroad, and the clinical application of products is the highest sales in the top black and white supermarkets in the country for three consecutive years.
It's another change in ultrasound imaging technology. The ultrasound diagnostic system, the digital x-ray imaging system.
Using digitally controlled sound waves to launch and connect, using tablet detectors to capture images, compared to conventional radiometric systems, digital x-fire.
The receiving technology provides real-time diagnostic images to detect the ultrasound echoes of human tissue, the linear imaging system, which reduces the patient's exposure to X-rays.
Information on the direction and speed of the blood flow, hardness, etc.
Guangzhenghangseng, based on a quantitative comparison between the clinical application of the Murray Ultrasound Facility and the mainstream imported equipment at the Sixth People ' s Hospital attached to the Shanghai Transport University, shows that the generality of Murray is generally recognized by the experts involved in clinical evaluation, and that the basic function is essentially the same as iu22.
There is still a gap between the advanced functionality and the facility with the highest functional evaluation in the industry, and there is room for further improvement. In contrast to the functional organ component, Murray and iu22 each have advantages, of which gall bladder and vascular screening are significantly better than iu22. 4. Research and development costs invest more than a billion dollars a year, with more than 10 dollars a year.
New products, about 300 patent applications per year, 4.1 value R & D innovations and patent protection, and over a billion R & D costs in 2017 are far higher than their peers.
Since its creation, companies have invested about 10% of their annual sales revenue in research and development, and in 2017 over $1 billion in research and development far more than their counterparts. Figure 54.2017 More than $1 billion was spent on medical research and development, and far more than a share of their counterparts.
To support product research and development, the company works to build an international-level research and development hardware platform, with specialized laboratories comprising three different product lines, and seven specialized technology laboratories. Through M&A operations, more leading medical resources are quickly acquired, and a global resource-based R&D innovation platform has been established, with eight major R&D centres, located in Shenzhen, Nanjing, Beijing, Xian, Chengdu, Silicon Valley, New Jersey and Seattle, with full coverage.
To absorb the R & D and technological advantages of high-level national and international talent. There are currently 1,764 R & D engineers. 4.2 Reserves of core technologies and projects, with more than 10 new products per year, with an average of at least 10 proprietary technologies.
The company’s ongoing large-scale R & D investment has significantly increased its core technological R & D capabilities in the areas of life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery, etc., and has accumulated a number of core technologies that are a source of dynamism for new corporate products and steady growth in their performance. Over 10 new products are launched each year, with an average of at least 10 patented technologies.
4.3 Murray focuses on the protection of intellectual property, with about 300 patent applications per year. Companies focus on the protection of intellectual property, creating a global intellectual property protection system and building patent barriers. The total number of company patent applications is currently over 2900, 19 per cent of which are American inventions; 234 major inventions are patented.
Of the top 50 companies, Murray is the only medical equipment company in the world. 5. Channel depths cover nearly 110,000 medical institutions and 99% of the tri-a hospital in the country, selling products in more than 190 countries and regions.
5.1 Murray develops the M & As logic: foreign integration of leading technology and localization channels, domestic development of leading enterprises as domestic medical devices, and M & M not only continues to introduce new products through continuous R & D inputs and technological innovation, but also through the adoption of new products.
Mergers and acquisitions of good R & D technologies and marketing channels, both domestically and abroad, boost innovation, improve marketing networks, and boost performance growth. According to our collage of M & As, M & A strategies for overseas and domestic M & A are different: integrating innovative cutting-edge technologies, home-grown marketing channels in international markets, expanding new production lines in the country, and accelerating the pace of entry into new areas.
5.2 More than 110,000 health-care institutions and more than 99 per cent of the tri-A hospitals and products in China have been marketed. More than 190 countries and regions have established extensive distribution networks, with more than 2,600 marketing personnel, responsible for marketing, management of channels and after-sales services.
Companies have established deep-seated, highly sticky distribution networks in the country, with 17 subsidiaries and over 40 affiliates; in the international market year, custodians and ultrasound products have been given United States market access to fdas. Murray now has 40 offshore subsidiaries in more than 30 countries abroad, selling products in more than 190 countries and regions, and has become a long-term partner of leading medical institutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, etc.
Figure 62. Global coverage of marketing channels, with more than 30 countries abroad with subsidiaries, more than 190 countries and regions selling products well on international markets, as long-term partners in leading global health-care institutions such as the Meo Clinic, the Johns Hopkins Hospital, the Massachusetts General Hospital and the Klev Medical Center, the company has won national health-care institutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, etc.
In the domestic market, the company’s products cover nearly 110,000 medical institutions and more than 99% of tri-a-hospitals, including the country’s well-known Beijing Association and Hospital, the China People’s Liberation Army General Hospital, and the Shanghai Reking Hospital. In addition, the company will open up all-inclusive medical devices in the future.
Products are sold in three or four-line cities, county hospitals, leading companies in high quality, high-value products into the primary health-care market.
Using a sales model of “direct marketing plus distribution”, companies are operating in distribution networks throughout the country, and products enter high-end medical groups in Europe.
A few items are sold directly by companies to windows, general hospitals and specialized hospitals, and other end-users, such as mouth hospitals.
Deep-covering, professional direct sales team, mostly with the United States, well-established and well-covered.
Five large collective distribution systems, mpg, novation, etc., and the products are in the hands of the purchasing organization, the project covers the neighborhood of North America.
5.3 Establish a full-scale, full-time, process-wide after-sales service system that enhances customer sticky after-sales is one of the company’s core competitiveness. Based on strong technological, channel and brand advantages, companies are constantly promoting high quality to the market.
Cost-effective products are accompanied by a full-scale, full-time, full-process post-sales service system, with industry leading crm client relationships Management platforms managing the entire service process, ensuring quality of service, enhancing client stickyness, and providing support for continuous delivery of products and follow-up services.
• Headquarters-sub-company-direct service station-services Sub-contractor service network architecture of level-IV services more than 45 in-situ direct service stations
• More than 500 high-quality sub-contractors of authorized services Client call centre to open a 24/7 hotline with more than 100 specialists
Level-III technical support structure, complete level-IV spare parts bank, 28 subsidiaries outside the country providing local overseas services
Advanced crm customer relationship management system (CRM) Service line receiving client service declarations more than 500 direct engineers and more than 500 direct engineers
Over 1,900 professional service sub-contractors comprising more than 100 immediate resident service sites to provide on-site services and technical support to clients
6. Business break-ups and profit projections
On the basis of our analysis of the various Merrillian medical operations and combined revenues, both at the end of the income and at the end of the cost, based on the principle of splitting by volume, our core assumptions for corporate profitability projections are as follows:1 life information and support products.
1) Guardianship instruments: a relatively large and stable share of the company ' s product market, average sale price and unit cost for the period 2018-2020 are expected to be 2) Defibrillators: due to a faster increase in the sale of defibrillators in addition to an automated body with a lower unit price, the average sale price and unit cost of the defibrillator are expected to decrease gradually and the Māori rate to decrease steadily between 2018 and 2020; and the application landscape has increased sales by 55 per cent, 50 per cent, 50 per cent, 50 per cent and 50 per cent, respectively.
Declines, while Māori rates have risen steadily as a result of higher-middle-end product lines sales, opening up market space at 30 per cent, 27 per cent and 24 per cent, respectively. 4) Lighthouse beds: affected by increasing market competition and companies ' continuous optimization of production processes, average product sales are expected to take place between 2018 and 2020
1) In vitro diagnostic analyser: release of products such as in vitro diagnostic fluid waterlines, chemical luminous immune instruments, expected instrument products for 2018-2020, 3 medical imaging products 1) coloured: replacement of import equipment for high-end superproducts such as resona 7, assuming 28%, 27%, etc., overselling in 2018-2020,
Risk of new product development and registration: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City