Ely shares (600887) Cost decline and cost optimization and significant improvement in profitability -- performance rating for the third quarter of 2023
Events: On 30 October, the company issued an announcement that $97.4 billion was collected in the first three quarters of 2023 (the same as +3.8 per cent), net profit to the mother was $9.38 billion (16.4 per cent) and net profit not attributable to the mother was $8.45 billion
The recovery rhythm is slightly faster and the basic white milk performance is relatively robust. The 23q3 end-end growth ring is slightly faster, mainly due to: (a) an improvement in the macroeconomic ring in August-September; and (b) the twin festival effects of Mid-Autumn and National Day, which are to benefit from the greater resilience of the basic white milk and the rapid recovery of the high-end white milk, but which is still warm and sour milk and milk beverages.
It's a drag; milk powder and dairy products earn 6.4 billion yuan (-3.9 per cent), mainly due to a drop in the number of newborns; baby-killing powder sales, but adult milk powders continue to grow better; cold-drinking products earn 1.230 billion yuan (-35.7 per cent), mainly due to a high base and low temperatures in the south of the summer; and the subregion,
Rapid growth is evident in China's East. Sub-channels, with 23q3 distribution revenue of $29,680 million (2.6%), direct-opinion ratio +3.5 pcts, excluding factors such as fair value changes, net non-repatriate interest rates equal to +2.9 pcts, still benefit from optimized product structure and lower original milk and package prices. Cost of sales: 23q3
17.9%, compared to 0.9%, are mainly the result of a relative restraint in the overall competitive climate in the industry, with no active price battles, while companies are actively controlling the costs in the context of a weak recovery. The administrative cost rate is 3.9% for 23q3 and 0.7% for comparison.
Late in the spring, close attention needs to be paid to the speed at which the pipeline is prepared; profit ends, taking into account the pressure on the original milk, package costs and the decline in the comparison, while companies maintain a relatively prudent marketing effort, proactively improve cost efficiency, profit, roll-out points, and are expected to achieve better growth in the dairy industry, while companies are actively setting up the milk pipeline, launching it.
New products, such as cheese snacks, are expected to contribute to the new growth point.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, snacks, etc.) are good at deepening the value of industry investment through historical rediscoveries and overseas comparative perspectives.