The q3 profits have improved considerably in South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
• Events: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2023, resulting in gross operating income of $97.4 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 3.8 per cent over the previous three quarters, a net return to the mother of $9.38 billion, an increase of 16.4 per cent over the previous three quarters, of which 2023q3 achieved a positive increase in the return of total liquid milk and increased opportunities for adult milk management.
Powder and dairy products and cold drinks generated business income of 65.4 billion yuan (+2.1 per cent), 19.9 billion yuan (+6.4 per cent) and 10.4 billion yuan (+12.9 per cent) respectively.
Industry number one; growth in low-temperature milk. 2) By the end of the third quarter, the share of infant powder and adult powder retailing was 10.9 per cent and 23.9 per cent respectively. With the introduction of the new national tender for formulas, there is still much room for integration in the infant powder industry, and the public administration is actively seized of the opportunity; the rapid growth of adult milk powder has led to an increase in the milk powder industry leading by the industry. 3) The cold drink industry
Quicker growth, with a steady share in the industry. Quality controls have worked well, and the gross sales spread has improved. 1 - 33.1 per cent of the total Māori in the first three quarters, an increase of 0.3 pp from the same year to year, mainly as a result of lower original milk prices and a return to the gift scene during the two-time period, leading to higher profitability. 3-quarter gross
The interest rate is 32.6 per cent, an increase of 1.6 pp from the previous three quarters.2 The sales cost rate for the first three quarters was 17.7 per cent, a decrease of 0.8 pp from the same period. Long-term objectives are clear, and profitability can increase over time.1 Corporate profitability will gradually increase as costs stabilize, product structure improves and costs are invested more efficiently.2
The company has published a 2023 shareholding plan, which will be used for middle- and senior-level managers.
Incentives by staff, technical staff, drawing on an annual equity scheme incentive in 2024-2033, acquiring shares through the secondary market or otherwise, benefiting the company in improving the long-term incentive system and upgrading the employee stock (600887); the control fee is clearly effective, and the profit is greater.
It is clear that milk powder, cold drinks and light eyes have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.