Erie shares (600887.sh) Reanimation of demand, improvement of liquid milk rings, 3q profit margin.
In the first three quarters of the announcement, the revenue was $97.4 billion, an increase of 3.8 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $9.38 billion, an increase of 16.4 per cent, a rise of 0.26 pcts to 33.12 per cent, and a 3q gain of $31.2 billion, an increase of 3q camp speedier.
Stimulus, product sales rebounded, liquid milk camps accelerated on a seasonal basis, yielding revenue of 23 billion dollars, an increase of 8.5 per cent; milk powder generated revenue of 6.4 billion dollars, a decline of 3.9 per cent from the same year, a decrease of 2q, a reduction that we believe is smaller, the market share of major brands is rising, the stock of infant powder is now healthy, and sales are increasing with brand power.
It is expected that positive growth will be gradually restored; cold drinks will yield a revenue of 1.23 billion, a decrease of 35.7% over the same period (for the first three seasons, good cost + precision charge, freeing up profit space). Lower cost of beneficiary materials and optimized product structure under double-section influence, Māori ratio increased by 1.6 pcts to 32.6% over the reporting period, for a period of time.
Cost falls from 1.69 pcts to 22.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the application of precision control fees by companies during the reporting period. Of this, sales costs decreased from 0.87 pcts to 17.88 per cent on a year-on-year basis, management costs decreased from 0.66 pcts to 3.92 per cent on a year-on-year basis and research and development costs decreased from 0.07 pcts to 0.67 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The rate of financial costs has fallen by 0.23 pcts to -041% over the same period. The cost of benefits has been optimized, with 3q net profit investors accounting for the share in circulation a. We expect a steady recovery in the demand for q4 dairy products, taking into account the late spring days that affect the 4q capacity.
The year-round revenue is expected to grow in the medium digits, but the profit-side growth will be faster due to the moderate cost pressures, which add up to the firm’s strength to maintain the cost-reducing efficiency gains.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.