First Shanghai Ilyi shares (600887), 31 October 2023.
Le Saling's profits increased by nearly 60% in the third quarter: 23q1-q3 total income and net profits, respectively \triangleright
Accelerating improvement in liquid milk operations: 23q1-q3 liquid milk, milk powder and dairy products, cold drinks, travel recovery and double season drive, increased demand for gift scenes, high demand for end-of-life sales and products during the drive period.
Long, low-temperature fluid milk has also been growing, with the large single gold medallion expected to grow by +20% over the same period, and Ammosh, while recovering for a short period of time, is showing a trend of improvement on a seasonal basis. The milk industry has faced challenges since the beginning of the year, as a result of the decline in birth rates and the liquidation of the industry’s stocks.
The small branding accelerated by the country’s secondary formula registration system has gradually faded, and it is expected that the Division’s recent infant powdering business will improve and resume its positive growth every month. The cheese business short-term industry is under downward pressure, and the company’s 2c business continues to be under pressure, but 2b has remained robust.
The high base for the same period and the low national temperature this year have had less than expected growth and sales during the period. Costs have declined steadily, and profitability has increased significantly: 23q1-q3 combined Māori ratio is limited and Hoth has limited responsibility for investment.
Q1 and q2 have increased significantly, mainly as a result of the continuing downs in the prices of cost-end original milk and other raw supplements since this year, and three seasons of two seasons of high-end company products have been significantly promoted, and product structure has made a significant positive contribution to the Māori rate over the period.
The growth trend, followed by a quarterly shift in the business sector after prior adjustments, is expected to continue with a relatively good development of 23q4. Given the recent trend towards a gradual improvement in domestic macroeconomic indicators, it is expected that in the coming year, the Shanghai First Securities Company Ltd.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is prepared by Shanghai First Securities Company Ltd. (“Shanghai I”) for general review by institutional investors. No material, content or copy of this report may be copied, excerpted, quoted, altered, transferred, transmitted or distributed in any way to any other person without prior written permission from Shanghai I. Information, tools contained in this report shall not be copied, reproduced, transferred or distributed to any other person.
This report and any information, material and content do not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial circumstances, risk tolerance or any special needs of individual investors. You shall take into account, in a consolidated manner, your investment objectives, risk assessment, financial and tax status.
Sex or correctness does not make any explicit or implied statement or assurance.