The profits are higher than expected, and the recovery opportunities are being managed without a net return of $8,454 million to the mother, or +11.51 per cent of the year. Of this, 23q3 achieved a strong recovery in operating income q3 liquid milk, and a smaller drop in milk mills.
Billions and $1,225 million, + 8.5%, 3.8%, and -35.7%, respectively, of the same q3 milk price, while the q3 milk price continued to fall and demand was weak, corporate liquid milk recovered robustly, raising both the same ring ratio. Milk powder grew weak in the infant-powdering industry and small and medium-sized producers because of the new national bid.
Against the negative background of the implementation of dumplings, with the growth of adult powder, the drop-rate ring ratio began to narrow, with the rise in the absolute ring ratio. Cold drinks entered the light season from the third quarter, influenced by the operating festival and the lack of heat in the south in the third quarter, and the harvest fell.
The Māori rate increases by the same year, the same rate shrinks, and profits outpace expectations. At the Māori side, benefits are better from the structural upgrading of the two \triangleright reserve products and lower original milk prices, with a q3 Māori rate of 32.58 per cent.
Compared to +1.56 pct. At the cost end, the company ' s q3 cost rate contracted beyond the impact of the scale effects and the Composite Arts Extensions during the same period last year, with a sales cost rate of q3, a management cost rate of 17.88 per cent, a research and development cost rate of 3.92 per cent and a financial cost rate of 0.67 per cent, respectively.
Some of the benefits from business costs are that the company’s q3 operating profit margin is 12.21%, compared to 4.88pc, making the return net profit more than expected. Without fear of a weak recovery in consumption, innovation drives companies to grow.
In the context of the recovery, the company’s share of warm white milk has risen to 43.4 per cent, and the industry has stabilized in the first place. Among these, high-end white milk, represented by the gold brand, has grown in double digits. Adult milk powder has been growing rapidly, rising to 23.9 per cent of the city’s share of the competition.
Behind this is the company's acceleration in product innovation. Since this year, the company has introduced a number of innovative products, including gold-coloured iron-protein organic milk, industry's first warm-active fungus acid, milk, gold-seller-defined organic pure milk, and Eli's "lightly" red-button formula.
In addition, companies have been innovative in the layout of their products and have continued to promote business developments such as mineral water, pet food, beef and bio-bacterics, and new growth points.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Security margins are adequate, and recovery opportunities are being seized. The company’s current valuation of the market surplus rate is now at the bottom of almost 10 years of history, and security margins are adequate.
In the short term, stock prices are for consumption.
The expected price for the weak recovery has become more adequate, with continued improvements in corporate incomes and profits, and companies are expected to face the double blow of valuation reversals and performance growth in the future. The “buy-in” rating of companies is maintained according to the industry of the company this quarter.
\triangleright securities form a food-drink team whose members focus on senior industrialists and leading students. \Hong Wai-hyun graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, and then went to White.
For 13 years, the liquor industry has been engaged in first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde wine industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, secondary, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Tang, a bachelor's degree in engineering from the Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-discharge industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has an insight into high-end white wine. He is good at promoting the future of alcohol based on available data and market moves.
Pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, stubble foods), spices (in-depth study of Angie yeasts, familiarization with seafood, millet foods, stale foods, Qinghai International). Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and left beauty in milk for the next two years.
Capt. Saputo is engaged in research and development, with one year ' s experience in food and beverage research.
To cover recreational foods (in-depth study of odious foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant, refined foods, saline shops, kwan-su-su, foods, ginseng-su foods), and wine in Anhui region (known as Guai Goon, glorified wine, golden seed wine), Zhao Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor (in-depth study of Guo Dai, 5 grain fluids, Penang State cellar, Shanxi wine, tea industry, alcoholic wine, riverine shares, present-day fate, sauce plate blocks), Wang Snowflake, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, B.A., covering beer (deep depth)
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.