The profits were over-expected, and the liquid milk business performed brightly – the Elys (600887.sh) incident evaluation report, which was released on 30 October 2023 in the three quarters of 2023.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Super-expected profits, efficiency gains in precision marketing 2023q1-q3 gross proceeds of $97,404 million (a 4 per cent increase) to the net profit of the mother
At the profit end, the Māori ratio/net interest rate of 2023q1-q3 is marketable and digitally enabled to increase cost efficiency.
The healthy return of the liquid milk business and the opening of new channels for a firm competitive advantage, with a steady recovery in the collection of 2023q1-q3 liquid milk/milk powder and dairy/refrigerated products/other milk plate blocks; and 2023q3 control of the liquid milk export festival.
Low-base superb company multi-type/multi-brand layout of liquid milk, three-quarter liquid Chinese/Chinese-dong/other regions, respectively.
Rehabilitation will improve on a quarterly basis. According to the three quarterly reports, we adjusted macroeconomic downside risks for 2023-2025, increased competition, higher costs of raw materials, less than expected growth in nuclear heart products, etc.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short and medium term, a share of the potential; in thinking about the white wine plate, there is an in-depth market for the Su wine; in June 2023, Sha Yannan: Master of Arts from Hunan University, Graduated in Finance, joined the Chinese Securities Study, Xiaozhou: Master of Arts from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa.3: Study experience in the food and beverage industry, covering beer and halo.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, or because of specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.