Eli (600887.ch): The main business trend is steady. Good. The year-round net interest rate expansion is expected to be stronger than it will be.
The rate of lubricant expansion has helped companies to record 59% of their net return profits on a year-on-year basis. The firm’s strong performance of 3q23 is expected to boost market confidence and investment in the dairy industry, thereby raising Eli’s valuation levels in the short term.
The net interest rate expansion is expected to be better than the firm’s guidelines. For all these reasons, we – the main business trend – have been steadily improving, maintaining year-round guidance: Ely’s 3q23 liquid milk income has increased by 8.5% compared to 8.5%, with an increase of 1 q and 2 q significantly faster.
The growth in gold is faster than the growth in white milk as a whole, which means that the white milk complex continues to be optimized. The management says that the sales after the gold fair is still strong and the pipeline stock is healthy.
The income from infant powder fell slightly over the same year, but the decline was somewhat narrow. Management said that after 4q23, the infant powder industry showed signs of reheating and stocking ended.
The management anticipates that the company as a whole will maintain a steady positive trend of 4q23 and, on this basis, maintain a year-on-year increase in overall income over median units, with net interest rates for endogenous operations remaining unchanged at 30bps.
The net interest rate expansion for the entire year 2023 is expected to be better than the firm’s guide: the first three quarters of Eli’s overall net interest rate expanded by 1 ppt on a year-on-year basis. Given Aoi’s short-term profitability pressure, we predict that the net interest rate for the first three quarters of Illinois’s business expanded by 1 ppt on a year-on-year basis.
Lean 4q23 will face the adverse effects of the same year-on-year delay, but the optimized structure of liquid milk products, lower original milk prices and flexible cost controls are all expected to help the company maintain a stable Māori ratio of 4q23 compared to net interest rates (assuming that no Australasia business occurs in 4q23).
Based on these findings, we predict that the company’s net interest rate in 2023 is probably better than the company’s 30bps increase in the same year. • Short-term market sentiment is expected to warm, and it is expected to boost the valuation: we judge Eli’s liquid milk.
The sustained recovery of the two major infant powdering operations is expected to improve market sentiment and lead to a recovery in valuation levels over the next two months. Based on the strong performance of the three quarters, we have made a modest upswing in chart 1: profit projections and financial indicators.
Scavenger attention to the international study of Pura Qing, financial statement analysis and forecasting - Ely's shares
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate income and profit rate increase less than expected Optimistic scenario: corporate income and profit rate increase better than expected
The milk powder business grew by 4 per cent in 2024 and by 2024 by more than 20 per cent in 2024, while the advertising cost fell by 30bps in 2024.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of the report indicated and assured that he would be entitled to receive it under the following conditions:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively “Phibbing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell; and Pilgrim International or any of its directors and/or employees shall not bear any law in respect of any possible loss to investors arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it.