Double LED milk structure, profit improvement demonstrated. \triangleright \triangleright October 31, 2023
Liquefied milk proceeds are reheated, and cold drinks are falling due to short-term strategic pre-exports.
Q3 is expected to increase liquid milk faster than the big plate. The usual warm-soup milk, Ammush, accounts for 20.79 per cent, as a result of having 5 per cent of the old and new products. Infant powdering has slowed down and the harvest has improved seasonally. As a result of the decline in the birth rate in recent years and the secondary formula registration system, the industry has entered the phase of small- and medium-sized enterprise liquidation, with a concentration of the share of the head business.q
Wang Xinhai 3 introduces new formula powders that are expected to increase gradually, and the harvest is expected to pick up steadily. Adult powder companies take advantage of the potential demand from industry trends and changes in consumer structure in due course and introduce multifunctionality.
Adult powder. The cheese business is expected to be better b than c. 3 cold drinks will be worth 1,226 million dollars, while the market will be pre-empted during the season, and the q3 will be delivered from a low-season point of view, as well as some regions with extreme weather effects. We expect cold drinks to continue to grow in double-digit numbers in leading industries throughout the year.
Long. We expect that companies in the future may explore alternative marketing models suitable for the less-seasoned season through cross-goods cooperation in the less-season period, and that traditional cold-drinking operations will break out in the less-season period. Subregional: Assessment: Demand Recovering, Controlling Cost Robust Operations - 2023/0
Quarterly 023 reviews: Basic programs are stable, profit-making is up, 1081 fewer dealers than at the end of 23h1. Double gift demand drives higher end liquid milk ratios, and the cost of precisioning the brand is not lost.
Quarterly 2022 Eli shares (600887.sh) are reported in three quarters: Camp Data Review: 2022, “open door red”, with a good view of precision and efficiency. 23q3 net return interest rate of 9.85 per cent, compared to +3.51 pcts, with profit improvement on a continuous basis.
Investment proposals: The leader has a scale effect and looks ahead, with a return to growth in high Maori milk powder and cold-drinking operations Sustained growth, increasing structure and profit levels, focusing on quarterly improvements in sales and raising net interest rates with control efficiency gains. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.