Three-quarter net profit increases of 59 per cent over the same period, net interest rates of up to three quarters, high-end growth driving a strong expansion in profit margins: 3 per cent growth in revenue in the third quarter, and net profit in the third quarter of the year.
From one base point to 32.6 per cent, due to: 1) lower original milk prices and higher Māori rates for liquid milk than for the same year; 2) demand for gifts optimized the product mix; 3) increased Māori rates for ice cream; but offset by lower Māori rates for milk powder (low Māori growth for adult milk is greater than infant formula)
Powder. Operating profitability/net interest rate expands by 5 per cent over the same period: milk for consumption: high end trend (Golden usually increases by > 20 per cent with white milk, fresh milk > 100 per cent): constant warm milk grew robustly in the first three quarters, and high endurance trend continued (in gift demand and organic milk (examples)
For example, in the case of active iron-protein organic milk, the gold-colours grew by more than 20 per cent in the third quarter.
Acid milk gradually recovers: Pyrotechnic milk Ammush is in a product transition, so the third quarter is still a slight decline. Management believes that the success of Pyrotechnic milk is still key to product innovation and functionality, so products such as cane, sugar and fungi are sold strongly in the third quarter.
Infant powdering declined in the third quarter and is expected to grow in the fourth quarter: milk powder and cheese income fell by 4 per cent in the same year (-9 per cent in the second quarter), with adult milk powder earning strong but infant powder weakening. Management expects that with the introduction of new products, infant powder will return to positive growth in the fourth quarter (which resumed growth in October).
There are also co-benefits from the overseas supply chain. Cheese sales are weak (b2c is still weak and b2b is stable). After strong ice cream performance in the first half of the year, the third quarter is weak: ice cream has increased its income in the first half of the year.
After 25%, the third quarter fell by 36% on a year-on-year basis, influenced by the high base of last year’s hot summer. The tubes still expect double-digit growth in sales throughout the year, exceeding industry sales, high-end and Luang, cfa, cesga
Channel penetration will be a driving force for growth in the future. The year-round guidance remains unchanged: management reiterates the median increase in sales year-on-year, a stable or small increase in the Māori rate, and a 30-point increase in the net profit ratio over year-on-year.
Tan Xingzi, fm translated from report “inner Mongoliayaili (600887/ch)-
Netprofitup 59% yoyasnet marginreacheda 3qrecord - 1 November 2001
Iri shares (600887/ch) 1 November 2023 Ili shares (600887/ch)
Iri shares (600887/ch) on the 10th floor of Vanjie Building in Hong Kong's Mid-Red Road.