Strategy Report for the Fourth Quarter 2020: Houses are empty, commercial snakes (001979.sz) are still in place, and anchoring resources is the key to future competition.
Property Monthly Report, September 2020: More regulatory policies, more historical baggage, and a back-to-back performance are still in place, but a slight underperformance.
Monthly report of real estate, August 2020: land supply and cross-link ratio down, three red lines short-term investment disincentives Summary of 2020h1 report: rules are in place and there is room for housing.
According to the annual report, the company ' s 2022 monthly data points show that the number of registered dwellings has been growing for two months, and that the soil has been growing at $9,098 million, a 40.15 per cent drop in the same year.
In the larger context of the industry, in 2022, there was an accumulation of business snakes.
The number has risen to sixth. In concrete terms, the number of cities in Shanghai, Hoyoto, Suzhou, South Tong, Xu County is over 10%, Shanghai Single City is over 74 billion dollars in sales, and high-energy cities are very productive.
On the investment side, in 2022, the company accumulated 56 plots of land, with a total of 726, which is the first stock decline since 2016. Structuredly, the proportion of products/stocks that have been developed has risen to 17.95%.
The real estate carry-over rate has declined the same year, and the gross carry-over profit has decreased the same year. Overall, the company’s core problem is still the small rain that has hit the ground in recent years.
Rainyxy (microsign) Profits are too aggressive, and when the real estate market goes down, profits are much more affected.
According to the annual report, the company achieved gross operating income of $18,303 million in 2022, an increase of 13.92 per cent over the previous year; net profits of $9,098 million, a decline of 40.15 per cent over the same period, were lower.
I. Centrally distributed core cities, with stocks falling for the first time since 2016 Total domestic real estate market held pressure, market demand and purchasing power were insufficient in 2022, housing firms sold as a whole for a total of billions of yuan compared to previous years ' scales, down 10.47 per cent from the same year, and sales-scale industries ranked sixth.
Specifically, the company has more than 10 per cent of the cities in Shanghai, Hoyoto, Su, Nanton, Xu and Xu, and has sold more than $74 billion in single cities in Shanghai; it has entered five of the country ' s 12 cities for local sales, including Shanghai, Su, Fat, and South China, ranking Top1, with highly productive high-energy cities.
On the investment side, in 2022, the company acquired 56 plots of land totalling 7.26 million flats, a decrease of 53.4 per cent compared to the previous year; in “Tighty 30” and “Down Farming 6+10” it invested 94 per cent and 90 per cent, respectively, with single-city holdings valued at $3.1 billion, with 10 in Shanghai, 5 in Shenzhen and 5 in compost. As of the end of 2022,
For the first time since 2016, there has been a decline in the stock of traders. Specifically, the company’s land development costs and proposed development products have declined by 7.47%, while the completed development product has risen by 9.26%.
The pace of completion has reduced the size of the stock as a whole. Structurally, the proportion of products/stocks that have been developed has risen to 17.95 per cent, 1.76 percentage points more than the previous year, with a slight delay in overall sales.
At the financial level, the company achieved gross operating income of $183.03 billion in 2022, an increase of 13.92 per cent over the same period.
For the first time in 2022, the share of gains and losses for minority shareholders exceeded 50 per cent, and the share of interests for minority shareholders was innovative. In addition to the development business, the company also had a larger asset operation and urban service operation, which is also a company with a total construction area of approximately 2.88 million square metres; 41 projects were under construction and were under preparation, with a total construction area of about 404 square metres.
In spite of this, the overall operating income of $4,219 million, or 8.66 per cent, in terms of asset operations, is still affected by the epidemic, rent cuts, etc. In terms of urban services, there is a surplus of businesses to serve as a platform for corporate property management and light asset operations, with new signatures achieved throughout the year.
Annual contract value of $3.175 billion; M & A re-achievement to achieve financial consolidation of the target companies in the shipping industry, the southern shipping industry, the remittance industry, and the new Chinese property industry; active promotion of asset divestiture and the successful transfer of three subsidiary shares; continued deepening of multi-track development and doubling of operating income from platform value-added operations.
This represents an increase of 22.97 per cent; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounting to $594 million, representing an increase of 15.72 per cent, compared to an overall increase of 15.72 per cent. Overall, the core issue of the company remains that profits in recent years have been too aggressive. At a time when the real estate market is falling down, the present report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the billion-Han think tank, which includes, but is not limited to, the corporate public.
For reasons of time and calibre, the content referred to in this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, and the HMK can change at any time and without special notice.
The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to business operations. In any event, the information in this report or the views expressed in it do not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual.
This report is owned by a billion-Han think tank.