Moo-Tai is a representative of 2,000 yuan-plus-priced white wine, sold at a 10-year capr 14.6%: price-adjusted guaranteed volume, which can still be produced in the future. Based on the growth of base-based alcohol production, support for a compound annual increase of 3.9 to 6.7% during the Fourteenth Five-Five Year period, the increase in prices and adjustment structures has helped to keep up the “14-F” period.
4. Reforming the New Deal is steady, focusing on changes in the marketing system and market-based pricing strategies. The Tin-Yung army has come into office and actively promoted the reform of the marketing system and price system, with zero stock, empty bottles for purchase, and “opening up” prices.
Investment proposal: to maintain a “recommended” rating: the epidemic, economic volatility, structural transformation of the economy creates greater uncertainty in the white wine industry, but the unique status of the gin, brand power, market prices and prices are very different from those of the manufacturing industry, holding options to raise prices, and shifting the impact of economic volatility. For the medium and long term, the position of the rooster can raise the price of the plant to recover part of the profit margin, consumption upgrades, and base alcohol production.
High and sustained growth: 20 years of net profit annual compound increase of 29.9 per cent, steady release of capacity, future increase in availability for sale, expected annual compound increase during the 14th Five-Year Period
Quantities are still on track, and the new management is pushing forward with the restructuring of the marketing system.
High and sustained growth: 20 years of annual compound increase of 25.1 per cent and 29.9 per cent of net return to the mother; 1,114 million yuan to the mother ' s net gain in 2000; 98 billion yuan to the mother ' s net operating income in 2020; 46.7 billion yuan to the mother ' s net profit; and about 88 and 191 times to the mother ' s annual increase in the return to the mother ' s net gain over 20 years, with 25.1 per cent and 29.9 per cent to the mother ' s net gain.
• In 2020, the series of wines was represented by Prince Mao, Rao, Guizhou, etc., in size, pre-tax sales out of $10 billion, representing 10.2 per cent of the company's revenues, and Māori
Figure 7: For 17 years to date, the top three players in the public collection of heavy warehouse shares have been in control of the company, holding 56.21 per cent of the shares of the public department listed in the market through the Mutai Liquor Factory (group) in Guizhou, China.
For 17 years now, in the order of market share holdings, Mao Dai has been in the top three PGF holdings, with 1408 non-monetary funds in 2q20 in Guizhou, ranking first in the market share.
After three changes of command after 2018, Yuan In-guk was the chairman of the joint-stock company and was acting as Managing Director from May 2007 to May 2010.
The Director-General of the monthly joint-stock company, Liu Self-Li, was the Managing Director from November 2010 to August 2015 (of which the Director-General was appointed from November 2011 to August 2015).
He was replaced three times after May 2018. In August 2015 he was the Director-General of Maotai and in May 2018 he took over as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and continued to be the Director-General until July 2019, when Li Jingren was the Acting Director-General.
In March 2020, Gao Weidong replaced Li Bao Fung as Chairman of the Board of Directors. In September 2021, he took over the position of Chairman of the Board.
Multi-top replacements and the development of the huts into a new era. 02 process unique: nine evaporations of wine and five-year-olds of a single product. Chart 10: Flowcharts of the Mautai wine production process, which was produced in that year, the second half of four years later.
It's a mashed wine process. It's the year. Wheat crushing.
Sorghum crushed (Male, Water) Steam--
The wine, the mix, three years in the stock market.
(sands only) Into the house.
Accumulated fermentation (tailed wine) and accumulated storage.
Incoming fermentation.
One more year of packaging, three years of storage (n+3)
(n+4 years) Disaggregated, partially packaged wine
Seven rounds of wine, three years of stocking.
Seven rounds of wine, part of the year for old wine, sweet alcohol, bottom of the cellar.
Three tranches: same wheel, same fragrance, 5,379 tons in 2000, 50,235 tons in 2020, an increase of 8.34 times, with an annual compound rate of 11.8 per cent.
Figure 14: The ratio of base alcohol production to finished alcohol in four years, which was determined four years ago. According to the manufacturing process, three years after storage, the base alcohol is sold for a certain proportion of old wine, ranging from 8 to 20%.
14.86%. After the check, some of the old wine is stored for another year, at about 30%. The share of old alcohol retained should have declined in the past, as three of the four main uses have changed: first, the preservation and exchange process has advanced to reduce losses; and second, the expected production of the huts has increased.
The line has levelled off, and so has the need to retain it for future growth in the production of alcohol; third, the annual share of alcohol in sales has declined, for example, in 2011 it accounted for about 4 per cent of the market, and in 2019 it was only about 2 per cent; and fourth, the development of new products.
In a special case, the finished wine is more than four years old. Assuming that the stock cut-off is 3%, the old wine addition is 15%, the old wine retention rate is 20-30%, and it is estimated to be between 78% and 89% of the base wine produced four years ago.
An example can be raised to 95% if the proportion of old wines added is increased to 20%, and the volume of finished wines can exceed the production of pre-four years, but this should be exceptional. It is expected to be available for sale in 2025 for approximately 4.2-470 tonnes.
Figure 15: Corresponding ratio of base alcohol production to finished alcohol four years later (in tons) Figure 18: Rapid growth of China's high net population Market expansion and increase in share resonance to drive growth in sales
The sustained rapid growth of the economy should be the main driver of the expansion of the high-end white wine market. High-net individuals, investments in collections, contribute to the expansion of the high-end white wine market.
Figure 16: Economic growth, in particular, is driving the expansion of the industry through high-growth investment.
• 2,000 US$ +/ Bottles market is outpaced, and market position changes are more noteworthy. Figure 20: The market share in the high-end white wine market grew rapidly in 2013
China’s economy is expected to continue to grow robustly, and economic activity and corresponding business and social demand are expected to continue to grow, thereby encouraging a sustained expansion of the high-end white market. The old wine collection and investment markets may be more volatile, but the expansion of the market and the growth of the capital assets of the residents should also support these two markets.
High-end white wine consumption scenes are dominated by social demand, and first branding means that the price adjustment of the huts can significantly affect their share. The price of 53 degrees of high-end white wine has increased 6.6 times in 20 years.
Market prices go far beyond the price of the plant and hold the price increase. The price of the bottled wine has gone up sharply from the price of the market to the price of the market price, which is now far above the price of the plant, and there is ample room for the theoretical price increase.
The price hikes were accompanied by a real tightening of the supply of Mautai.
The product structure is diversified or the supply of 53-degree fly-by wines (hereinafter referred to as " big single " ) is strained by the large single product 500ml. Figure 26: Since 2014, the Maotai liquor factory has continued to promote product structure diversification.
Direct price increases + structural upgrades are expected to boost average prices: if China’s economy continues to grow, with rising prices and restructuring of its product + channels, the medium- and long-term average prices of Mauotai wine are expected to continue. The timing of direct price increases is difficult to prejudge.
In September 2021, the Toshio Army came into office and actively promoted the reform of the marketing system and price system, through zero inventories, empty bottles for purchase, and “opening volumes” : debarment for hotels in huts : complete removal of the “opening order” and other measures to implement the “price control” initiative. Figure 28: Clarity in reform development since the arrival of the Chairman of the Toshio Army
Adherence to market-based and rule-of-law reforms; investing in the development of customer management systems; and digitalizing more precise enabling marketing systems
Launching of the policy of opening up the two-square puppies to over 8,000 tons, and closing down of $1499 for the international hotel under the puppies, and the opening of other puppies outside of Pow.
The new deal will be cancelled immediately, and the policy of 1 *6 boxes will be removed, 1 *12 will be added for sale, the percentage of non-suppated liquor stores will be increased, and the market will be stabilized.
Market prices have also continued to strengthen access control, and in 2022, we started to promote the reform of the platform on the low-line, with clear growth prospects and a “recommended” rating.
Growth prospects are clear, maintaining a “growth” rating. Epidemics, economic growth, volatility, structural transformation of the economy create great uncertainty for the white wine industry, but the market price is very different from the market price, shifting the economy.
There is a high risk of volatility and a high degree of certainty about business growth. For the medium and long term, the hut can raise the price of the plant and recover part of the spread. It can also benefit from the increase in sales, boosted by changes in consumption levels and shares.
The epidemic has repeatedly affected the consumption of white wine. The control measures introduced by the epidemic are likely to affect the main consumption scenes of white wine, which are represented by receptions, visits, and gifts, if the impact of the epidemic continues to outpace expectations, and companies sell or are less affected by the demand side.
• Management changes are likely to lead to a risk of business fluctuations. White wine businesses are heavily affected by business strategies, such as management changes, which may lead to corporate revenue and • policy risks. White wine industry needs, tax rates, etc. are more strongly affected by policies that, if changed, may result in business revenue, profit and beverage research teams:
The research views of the staff, the conclusions of which are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for, or for or against, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.