The Center for Consumer Upgrading and Entertainment Studies (CEE) analyzes the growth space of the makhallyas from the price dimension, and marketizes them properly, and operates the basic margins well. The company, as a chasm-shaped white wine leader, is in the business.
A strong branding at the end has been built by the industry’s preponderant position and the adoption of a flat-level channel structure. The demand has been rigid in terms of the demand for alcohol, such as gifts, collections, business dinners, etc., and the stronger operational resilience has been evident in recent years in the face of external risk shocks.
The elimination of boxing policies, rationalization of channels and product structures, enhancement of brand cultural exchanges, digitalization of codes, and marketing have given new impetus to companies’ high-quality development.
A successful admission to office in 21 with a 22-year multi-dimensional wait for alcohol and a series of alcohol-based alcohol productions has increased, with incremental releases expected in 22 years. According to compliance and the vision, a long-term perspective is expected to produce two million tons of alcohol in 35 years.
2. “Standing away, focusing on the reform of the New Meteorological-Gouzhou Powway optimization, upgrading of plant prices/guidance prices, etc., to achieve the purpose of a ton price increase,” recently “The Shareholder Conference has released positive signals, the new management
There is still a high gap in supply and demand for mahogany, which is supported by a strong rise in company prices under the consumption-up dividend. There is plenty of extravagant space, and it is recommended that attention be paid to the profit-making logic of the cage-back channel.
Inverting, directly raising plant prices/guidance prices, etc. The sensitivity measurement suggests that (1) the weighted plant price will rise by 2 to 3 per cent, assuming that Pumpau increases in full to direct distribution channels; In the context, the boost to the centre of profit growth will be significant.
Industry leaders, high performance certainty, market and marketing reforms are expected to release gradually, giving Liu Xin  macroeconomic downside risk/continuing recurring risk/policy risk/food safety risk
On the one hand, the supply and demand gap at the retail end is still high, the bargaining power increases in production capacity and the company's volume rises.
On the other hand, at the present time, firms are accelerating their marketing, marketing-channel reform and digital transformation, and we believe that they also have a certain degree of flexibility in their performance. In their resistance to external risks, the speciality of the product process, the need for a certain product, and the higher price differentials have given companies a greater degree of resilience to the risks.
We believe that even in a context of macroeconomic pressure and tight property regulation, firm corporate performance growth will remain at the forefront of the industry. Looking at the medium- and long-term, the current series of reforms to streamline market products, channel structures, and the addition of codes to reach the ends will drive firms to make long-term progress.
I. When management takes on a new, market-oriented reform, the company ' s fundamental margins are right, and the characteristics of the company ' s operations are 1.1: the difference between the sauce, the flatening of the channel, the ability to negotiate the product end: the sauce tap leads the old liquor surge and weakens the impact of external risks.
Traditional consumer goods for drinking, whether bottled or hidden, have a relatively flexible storage cycle for alcohol and consumer goods. As a sticker for the soy sauce, consumers have a relatively high acceptance of their storage as much as possible, and have become the most typical brand in consumer perception in the old trend of alcohol fever.
The company has flexibility at the end of the product market. 1) In the face of external risk shocks, such as restricted consumption by the three publics, the company may be able to interrogate the demand with the sale of manufactured products when the demand is relatively exhausted, and the unused base alcohol can be retained as a stock for the old, thereby reducing to some extent the impact of external risk on the company ' s development. 2) In the industry
In terms of horizontal contrasts within the industry, the company’s stock is growing steadily and far ahead, and its future performance will be strong.
At the end of 2014, the company set up a separate series of liquor sales companies to operate independently. During the same period, the five-grain continuum model of big business models: the old customer gradually moved from the early spring model to the current branding model, with the city offering advice.
Since 2016, companies have been cleaning up illegal distributors and revoking traditional distribution quotas, while actively promoting multiple channels such as direct distribution, electricity, supermarkets, and group purchasing, placing incremental and withdrawn quotas on new channels. Meanwhile, the channels have been feeding companies to demand traditional distribution channels.
There is a possibility of rebooting the cloud-based platform by recording information on c-end/dispatch customers. We believe that through direct marketing channels, data collection from distribution channels, companies can more quickly capture the changes in marginal consumption habits of end-users, matching the current corporate motivations for market-based and digital reforms.
Through data empowerment, interregional supply problems are expected to improve, and controls over the demand of end-users can also be beneficial for companies to capture the new frequency of products coming out. The apparent result of operating advantages is high profitability, strong cash inflows.
At the same time, the firm’s Māori/net interest rate is ahead of the industry, benefiting from the saliva properties, flat-level channels, and stronger bargaining power. At the same time, stable and lucrative profits are sufficient to cover the company’s investment at the end of the asset, leaving the company largely free of additional external financing requirements.
A high-quality cash flow can be generated on a continuous basis, with relatively low operating risks. 1.2 Fuses run by companies: both internal and external repairs, end-building of stronger brand recognition as high-end consumer goods, continuation of good business models and brand build-up, user sticky maintenance.
In the first place, the company builds branding power, which requires strong product quality. In 1964, the Mau-Dai Committee was set up to give scientific and technological power to traditional ma-dama brewing processes. As a result, the three main paradigms of baking sauce, ol' sweetness, cellar bottom perfume were established, as well as the production of music, fermentation, and interrogatories.
The learning of the macho brewing system, which in turn entrenches the negative effects of alcohol volatility on brands. Second, the Mau Liquor factory performed off-site experiments between 1975 and 1985. Even under the science system, the procession, the brewer, and so on, is controlled.
Quality requirements. At the end of the day, the core of the mary brewing lies in fermentation and in the unique environment behind the solid state of pure food fermentation. Thus, the taste of the laurel is unique and it is relatively easy to maintain the stickyness of the user when the taste is imported.
In terms of external demand, the “opinion leaders” at the top of the Maotai wine have a significant effect. For high-end consumer marketing, the circle of recognition is important. In this regard, Prime Minister Zhou has hosted guests on several major diplomatic occasions from the Red Army, a historical source that has given him a unique culture of wine.
At the same time, the age structure of the population that consumes the macho wine has moved relatively upwards, with a stronger “opinion effect” than that of the historical elite. The Prime Minister’s endorsements, the sources of the party’s drinking, the strong quality and the singularity of his mouth have led to the creation of a highly unified consumer’s brand of macho wine over the decades.
The traditional culture of our country has entrenched the change in the brand name of wine. With the end of the national wine fair, the original name of wine has been closed, and the current threshold for entering the brand new wine will be relatively high. And, with natural follow-up, when consumers face demand scenes like business receptions, personal gatherings, etc.
Respect and good faith for the highest levels of hospitality. Therefore, when faced with external risk shocks, the company can still operate with a new dynamic of 1.3 companies: the company's management is new, actively pushing for market-based reform, management is new, and the overall tone of high-quality development is renewed. In September 2021, the company convened a temporary stockholders conference.
At the conference, the new Chairman, Mr. Tin Yuen, highlighted the high quality of the company's development and the five-line road planning during the “14th Five-Year” period, which gave new dynamism to the company's continued and orderly operation.
Listed enterprises. 2) The Green Line is a green development idea. 3) The White Line is a zero-sum mentality, which promotes modern management, asset management, marketing and price system reforms through enhanced technological, digital and technological empowerment.
Since the fourth quarter of 2021, the company has continued to promote market-based reforms. The company continues to clean up traditional canals, violating dealers, and planning channel orders.
In December, the company further increased the supply of large-scale puchos, placing about 800-1600 tons of pumu in traditional distribution channels/provincial trades super-channels. In addition, the company released new items such as the puppies and puppies to meet market demand at a price band of 1,000 yuan and combed high-end liquor.
Price systems. The price of the whole box and the bottle have fallen sharply and the market has increased. But, as can be seen from the higher price-aggression enthusiasm of end consumers and the higher market-side price differentials, the supply and demand gap in the current market is still large.
Culture is built to protect the city’s rivers, and to increase the stickyness of the products of the parchment. We believe that brand culture is essential for high-end consumer goods, and brand perception is important for capturing the sticky consumption of the faithful consumer groups.
In the quality dimension, since the management's renewal, Director-General Tin Yung-soon has studied the sands, tunes, sand making, roundings of wine production and so on, highlighting the importance attached to the quality of the pots. 2) In the cultural dimension, the company's management also attaches great importance to the construction of the circle culture.
In the near future, channel feedback companies have allowed distributors to record information on relevant customers, such as the distribution end/retail end, and follow-up cloud platforms are likely to reboot. We believe that, in the current trend of data digitization, the current flood uses big data tools to capture end consumption biases.
There's much to be done in favour of a more balanced distribution of supply and delivery, and it's an important part of the market transformation. In general, we believe that the new management is actively pursuing a comprehensive approach to reform, internalizing corporate governance, externalizing channels, adding to the marketing process, and the current marketing of the pot.
Ping has been significantly upgraded, and improvements in the basics of operations will help companies to achieve high-quality sustainable development.
The company's main business is the production and sale of Mau-Dai (including flying and non-stamping) and series of wines (Mau-Dai, Mau-Dai, Rao, etc.), of which Mau-Dai's share is around 90%. Overall, in the medium and long term, we believe that the scarcity of Mau-Dai's wine itself will continue.
Market-side supply and demand gaps will persist; and a series of liquor products will be released gradually during the "14th Five-Year" period. We expect the sales of the series to rise year by year, but the kale wine, with flying sky at its core, remains the core of the company's performance contribution and the cornerstone of branding awareness.
According to the production process, after the midday tune, after the heavy sun, two drops, nine boiling, eight fermentation, and seven extractions of alcohol eventually form.
It takes nearly one year for the Mau-Dai wine to be stored separately for at least three years and for the old wine to be stored for at least one more year. In the process, the wine is exchanged by different wheels, years, concentrations of the wine, and during the higher quality of the non-stamped wine, such as fine, precious and year-old wine, the primary wine is stored.
Since its listing, the company has continued to expand the production capacity of Mautai alcohol through technological change and expansion projects, with an average annual landing of about 2,000 tons of capacity during the 11th Five-Year Plan.
The company plans, which is expected to result from the upgrading of the production process, and this part of the increase will gradually spread from 2025 to 2025. From a long-term perspective, the company is expected to reach 100,000 tons of manufacturing capacity in 2035.
According to the 14th Five-Year Plan for Compliance and National Economic and Social Development and the Outline of Vision 2035, we believe that companies are expected to implement the first phase of a packaging logistics park in 2035, which we believe is expected to move space for the Mautai wine-producing areas.
We expect that non-production facilities, such as office space in the current production plant, will also be expected to move gradually in the future. (2) On the basis of medium-tonne capacity release space. (3) On the basis of a response from 2016-2020 to the actual production ratio of the company ' s design capacity (explacing unreleased capacity), we find that the design capacity is compared to actual production.
It is expected that the actual yield will rise more than it will be driven by, among other things, improvements in the production process The correlation between the sales of the mahogany in 2010-2020 and the production of mahogany in 2006-2016 has fluctuated from 80% in the centre, as compared to the production of mahogany.
The process coincides, and the elasticity is mainly due to the company's reasonable adjustment of the supply of the wine produced in the year. Based on the production of the pow-barrel in 2017-2021, we expect the total sales of the pow-barrel in 2021 to be about 355,000 tons, and the pow-barrel in 2022 is expected to be released against the background of a breakthrough in capacity bottlenecks.
The annual compound growth rate is about 7.4 per cent (the same increase in small digits): based on the idea of the need for old wine storage and the sustainable development of the company (goods and above, non-stamped wine will need to be traded with a base of more than 15 years), we assume that the sales of non-stamp liquor will be proportional.
The company's abundant stock of the old gin (estimated to be around 200,000 tons), and we think that the current stock of the gin can support the use of the medium- and long-term non-stamped wine. 2.1.2 Prices: optimized product structure + optimized marketing channels, combined boxing performance expectations.
The price system and the channel system are highly relevant. Until the early days of the market, companies had relatively no focus on the marketing system at the end of the channel, until 2003, when they started building the exclusive shop system.
In recent years, the company has stepped up its efforts to build new channels, including: (a) distribution channels for wholesale distributors; (b) direct shop channels; (c) group marketing channels; (d) shopping channels; and (e) large-scale customers.
In recent years, companies have been cleaning up illegal distributors, and we expect to clean up more than 600 puppies from 2016 to date, and to recover about 6,000 tons of puppies in 2019 alone. We expect companies to withdraw their traditional distribution-channel quotas and increased supplies in recent years, mainly to non-traditional distribution channels.
Based on feedback from sources, we still expect that around 50% of the Powder quota in 2021 will still be delivered through traditional distributors, about 14% through direct shops, about 20% through supermarkets, and about 20% through electricity suppliers. The price increases are always a central driver of the company’s long-term performance.
At present, there are high profits from low-end liquor channels such as Pumau, and there is a high incentive for companies to return part of their profits to achieve higher prices. We believe that at the operational level, companies have a strong bargaining power over the channels and are expected to be able to over-opt quotas, directly raise factory prices/retail guidance prices, and reform the profit points of the distribution channels.
▪ Mode I: Increases in prices achieved through preferential placement and redistribution of sub-channel quotas One way to promote price increases is to channel the incremental supply of mahogany to higher tons. In the case of Pou, for example, a 55% premium on plant prices is placed in the more traditional distribution system through the direct shop system.
The distribution channels are proportional, and the drive to flatten the marketing channels is also an important part of the company’s current marketization reform. We expect that the current sales volume of the Pou directly is less than 15%, and that there is still plenty of room in the forward perspective for direct sales. At the same time, we believe that the traditional distribution channels, though relatively low in tonnage, are pre-paid.
They also create buffers for companies against macro- and external industry risks, traditional distributors, high-end contour resources are valuable, and direct distribution channels are not a complete substitute for traditional distribution channels. Based on the above predictions of sales in and distribution of Phunkow, we are looking at the price of Phunkoo-weighted plants.
In particular, we measured the impact (i.e., the impact of the elimination of the increase) on the price of the Pao weighted plant over the 2022-2025 period. The result is 1) assuming that the total amount of the Pmu increase would go to the direct distribution channel, the weighted bid would rise by 1.6% ~ 2.9% and was projected to be in 2025.
Direct sales will reach 39.1 per cent; 2) Assuming that the full increment is invested in the traditional distribution channels, the price of the Phunk weighted plant will be reduced by 1.0 per cent ~-1.5 per cent; 3) assuming a balanced delivery (i.e. 50 per cent to the distribution channel, 50 per cent to the direct distribution channel, the same) and the price of the Phunk weighted plant will be 0.4 per cent ~ 0.7 per cent
In addition to the tons directly sold in 2017/2018, the price was lower than the total price of the pottery, and in 2019-2020 the price was significantly higher than the sum of the pottery.
If you assume that the direct sales channel is full of pow wine, the difference between the overall collection/distribution and the direct sales channel can be calculated as the “non-direct sales” ton price under this scenario. We measure that the direct sales ton price under this scenario was lower than the non-direct sales ton price between 2017 and 2018.
We do not believe that the above-mentioned assumption is valid, and we assume that before 2018, the downswing in the direct sales channel might have been associated with an upturn in the relatively low-priced series of alcohol in the direct sales channel. With the rise in the Pou and non-stamp liquor ratio, in 2020, the company’s direct sales channel prices rose to 337 tons.
In January 2022, some of the feedback companies adjusted the traditional non-supplier distribution of the wine, with an unplanned quota that could be withdrawn from a direct shop, and the price of the proposed goods was higher than the price of the offer, such as $2299/1999, for the company.
The increase in the price of makhallya tons has also been beneficial.
Directly raising prices is a way of driving companies to raise their tonnage more directly. Even with the construction of the more direct canals, Pou has about 50% of the amount released through traditional distribution channels, with a higher base.
Companies need to consider such factors as channel-end conductivity, brand power awareness, and current terminal price compatibility. At historical dimensions, companies, with their greater ability to control and control prices, have flexible market-based operations that are based on market demand and brand power, and ultimately succeed in transmitting price increases to terminals.
In the market, the profit margin was 53%, 86%, 118%, 71%, before the Pmouth price four times since 2010. The market has become more marketable with the current expansion of the company ' s supply and the phasing out of the container removal policy.
In 21 years, the 3,000-dollar high has fallen, but the profit margin is still over 150%. In the context of a sustained increase in marketization, we think it is feasible for companies to return some of their profits through direct price increases in the long run.
When the bid price was raised to $1999, 1399, the sensitivity of the price to the Phunkoo-weighted bid changed. Of these, the main channels used for the bid were the traditional distributors and the provincial group channels (assuming that the retail instruction price remained unchanged at $1499). 1) Assuming that the bid price was raised from $969 to $1999 (about 24 per cent of the increase).
On the one hand, we believe that, in objective circumstances, there is a need to maintain a margin of difference between the price of the guide and the price of the bid, which is not mentioned in the guide price.
In March 2021, the price of the factory offerings for the Xiaotao station was raised to 1999 (54%) and the price of the retail instruction was raised to $2499 (47%): the price of the best products was raised.
At the end of December, the company released a brand-new bottle of mahogany for $4299 and retail instruction for $4,599. At the beginning of January 2022, the company raised the price of taupe instruction from $4999 to $5999 (20%).
In the medium and long term, we believe that there is still room for raising the price/guidance price of non-stamped liquor. Figure 29: Structure projections of non-stamped liquor products for 2021
This is a combination of dollar/bottles, which last until the end of January 22nd, and a combination of channel tilting and double price increases to achieve price increases.
Under a different channel tilting strategy, the price of the Phatu plant and the retail instruction price are raised against the price weighting of the pu plant. Under a balanced input strategy: 1) Assuming that the price of the pu factory is raised from $969 to $1999, the retail instruction price is increased from $1499 to $1799, the 22-year price of the pu will be weighted.
The price increase is 22.2%, followed by an increase of about 0.4% ~ 0.5%; 2) assumes an increase of about 0.3% in the price of Patuputs. Taking into account the revenue from Patuputs, including taxes, = the weighted price of the offer, assuming that the price increase is strong at the height of 2.1.3 and the price is strong.
The company is able to support the volume upscaling with the advantage of its dominant position, the prospect of expansion of the industry, and the rich profits of its channels. First, the high-end price belt is much wider than the lower-end price belt. At present, the leading liquor companies have launched their own high-end product lines, but the price belt is still competitive.
The rest of the high-end monolithic products, which essentially enjoy an expansionary price dividend, do not have a negative impact on the leading market. Reference is made to the collection of high-end monolithic products of the top-level wine industry, and to the city’s share. At the end of the statement, we expect the high-end white wine market to be about $170 billion in 2021, with a rate of about 90%.
On the demand side, high-end white wine applications have gradually shifted from a political and business dinner to a business dinner to a personal dinner, and companies have achieved branding recognition at the personal consumption end through a flexible adjustment of their channel structure.
In the end, we believe that the current power of high-end white wine consumption is driven mainly by macroeconomic developments.
The dollar grew to $32189 in 2020, with a compound increase of 8.4 per cent in 2013-2020. Moreover, the increase in real estate value and capital market enrichment have led to a significant increase in the size of the high-net population, which also supports the demand for super-high-end white wine.
With macroeconomic development and the expansion of the middle class under the co-rich policy, we believe that the high-end white industry will grow in size. At present, companies are digitizing such things as growing their porridge culture, opening up cloud merchants, and so on.
On the basis of marketing measures, we believe that the consumer power of the end consumer can be further exploited. Overall, we believe that the company has a high price of liquor, which is higher for the medium- and long-term potential increase in the price-added space of 2.2 series of wines: “14-05,” which is shared by the soy-sa-thin family.
In terms of the product matrix, the series of wines is mainly top-to-end and middle-end. In addition to the classics, the company is also promoting a series of wine products that include national brands (Mauritine Princes, Mouteau Hostels, Raats) as well as regional brands (Hansai, Wine, Huashu, Wangsao, Guizhou).
In mid-January of 22, Mao Dynasty appeared in 1935, and is expected to become a product of thousands of shares shared by thousands of families.
In 2014, the company set up a company to run a series of wines on its own, increasing the cost-side investment. In recent years, under the hot tide of pot-guided wine,
The company’s goal of the 14th Five-Year Series is to collect more than $24 billion, representing more than 10% of the group, into the National White Wine 2nd Bar, aiming to have 253,000 tons of wine design production by the end of 2020, of which 0.40 million will be released in 2021.
So we expect a series of alcohol productions in 2021 to be around 29,000 tons. With 30,000 tons of soy sauce, the remodelling and accompanying facilities project, an additional design capacity of about 0.7 million tons is expected in 2021.
From a forward perspective, according to the fourteenth five-year plan for the economic and social development of the In-Hyeon nation: to accelerate product structural optimization along with the upgrading of consumption. From the point of view of prices, the typical series of wines (including common puppies, welcome wines, etc.) has a middle-end price belt rather than a label series of wines (including Han).
In recent years, alcohol sales have remained at around 30,000 tons, but the price of tons has continued to rise, and we believe that there are two ways to analyse it: (1) the price increases of alcohol in recent years have been higher. In the current context of rising consumption, prices in the industry have been moving up.
In early 2022, the channel feedback increased the price of the single product in the series by 10 to 30%, including Mau-Dai (20%), Mau-Dao (13%), Han-Sap (7%). In early 2022, the channel feedback improved the structure of the Prince and Prince's wine products. In recent years, the company has gradually reduced the share of the typical series of wine in the series, relative to the ratio of alcohol in the series.
Low-priced series of wines have been phased out, gradually increasing their share of the relatively high-priced series. Moreover, the optimal structure of the series of wine products is expected to accelerate with the marketing of the huts at 1935. 2.3 Companies have a strong degree of certainty about revenue and profit growth, with potential price increases giving greater elasticity to profits.
In our view, in the current context of shrinking industries, the listed liquor company does not change the squeeze-up logic, especially since the company has a higher influence in the ultra-high-end price belt, and the structural growth of the mahogany is more certain.
Volume: With the release of the new production capacity in 2018, we expect that in 2022 the increase in the volume of the supply of the bottle will be released, and that the series of wines will be increased on the basis of structural adjustments in the internal product. 2) Prices: At present, the company is rich in in vitro, and we expect to increase its revenues through non-tender sales, optimized channels, etc.
In addition, the company is currently pushing ahead with the restructuring of its marketing system by proposing the implementation of the Five-Pulse Marketing Act, which is promising. According to the company announcement, the company 's 21-year collection of the Mautai + Series totals about $10,5.8 billion, or the same amount as in 2020. Without taking into account Pou ' s pricing expectations, we expect the company to be full in 22/23.
The company’s profit sensitivity is measured in a different price-raising model, and the company’s core monolith, with huge channel profits giving the company a high degree of elasticity. We have further measured the price/retail guidance based on 21 years of measurement of the volume and distribution of the product.
The price rises are greater than the projected net gain of 22 years. When we assume that the price increases are passed to the net profit dimension, we deduct the value added tax (VAT) of 13 per cent, the consumption tax of about 11 per cent, and the income tax of 25 per cent, while assuming that the retail instructional price increases will increase the price of the plant by the same range as the supplier ' s super/electrician channel.
We believe that the current high-end white wine market is well-established, that the moat of history and culture has long sunk, that the company's stage of development has reached maturity, that its future performance is robust, and that it has the conditions for using the dcf valuation.
The trend towards amortization or capitalization of spending is flat and upwards, in line with the company’s strategy of anchoring expansion, and we expect that free cash flows will remain high and healthy. Moreover, we believe that the current production of gins are basically in place, that the series is expected to be in place for almost two years, and that the company has sufficient stock of gins in the past year.
The core assumption is that the rate of return and the daily rate of return of 300 indexes of depth, we measured Beta at 1.0. Moreover, we assumed that the tax rate on corporate income tax was about 25% stable, and eventually we measured the value of each share of the company at about 1.0%.
The shift in the consumer landscape drives the erosion of cyclical attributes in the company’s valuation architecture. Before limiting consumption, high-end white wine, such as Mautai, was dominated by business consumption. The market also considered company valuations for cyclical reasons because of cyclical fluctuations at the macro level.
In 2014, the company pe hub was about 18x. Since 2015, land equity has opened up a foreign-owned market, with a stronger consumption profile, company valuations moving up, pricing patterns for consumer goods plus luxury goods gaining market approval, and companies enjoying some valuation premium as high-end white wine taps.
In 2018, the company pe hub was about 22x. Further, from 2019 to the present, the company pe hub was moved to Figure 47: Changes in equity holdings in foundations and land holdings from 2014 to the present.
Combining attributes, and companies as leaders in the white industry in the country, we use Ames, Tiagio, Coca-Cola as the company’s comparative valuation reference. Compared to the above, companies are based on domestic markets and, although TNCs face a larger market, they also face higher external risks. And Coca-Cola, Tia.
There is a high and steady rate of growth in the company’s performance compared to that of Geo. There is, to some extent, a higher “spiritual” pricing than Emassus as a pure top luxury.
For Pou-Pou, we measure the 22-year net profit gain from unsatisfied profits from traditional distribution channels. In particular, we consider the 1.5.7 per cent and 19,000 tons quota of distributors, respectively.
On the basis of the BP$2,700 spread from the beginning of the 21st to the present, taking into account the 13% extra-value-added tax, the 11% intra-price tax and the 25% corporate income tax, the results of the calculations suggest that it is assumed that the full profit recovery from the 17 million tons distributioner quota channel will be achieved, and that there will be an increase in the value of the market.
If we assume that the distribution channel maintains a 50% profit rate, the net profit increase for 22 years would be 29% in the case of the 17 million-ton distributor quota. In the context of the removal of the boxing policy, given that the current price of the entire package is about $3,200, we believe that
Real channels are relatively profitable, and companies are more secure in terms of forward net profits. The low-intensity and outward-looking "state wine" images create stronger brands, with strong end-to-end ratings, and brand recognition driving higher supply and demand gaps and channel price differentials across the sky, giving companies a stronger risk of resistance.
The current series of reforms implemented by the company’s new management when it came to power has eliminated the policy of unboxing and increased the marketability of channels and price systems. At the same time, the company is moving forward with digital reforms to improve its knowledge of end-use consumer images, and the overall multidimensional reforms will be pushed forward.
In our view, the company’s consumption of low-end alcohol is highly definite, its construction and digital marketing are driving up the price of tons, and its series of alcohol is growing in a context of productivity security and rising consumption.
▪ Macroeconomic downside risks: macroeconomic developments drive up the income of the population, thus driving the continued expansion of the white industry. If the macroeconomic downside is delayed, the process of upgrading the end consumption will also affect the corporate sector.
A return to the consumption scene could have a phased impact on the company’s performance. ▪ Policy risk: if policy-level restrictions on alcohol consumption are imposed, or consumer-tax reforms increase the corporate tax burden, it could have a negative impact on the company’s profitability.
▪ Food safety risks: the company, as a catering producer, will seriously damage the brand image of the company in the event of a food safety accident in the industry or in the company.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment