Events: The company issued an advance announcement for a quarterly report, expected to realize net return profit for 2019q1 and net return profit for a quarter of $3.03 billion, and performance supermarket expectations: the company projected a net return profit of $3.03 billion.
2019q1 achieved a net return profit of $30-33 billion, an increase of 100-120 per cent over the same period; non-net profit deductions were due to high growth in company operations such as excavation machinery, concrete machinery, crane machinery, stump machinery, and good cost-cost controls, resulting in a significant increase in profitability.
The industry continues to grow at a high rate, leading to sustained growth in business lines: the engineering industry maintains a high rate of growth, driven by a combination of infrastructure demand pull, equipment replacement demand release, and manual substitution effects. According to the Association, the sales of excavators reached a high rate in January-March.
74779, an increase of 24.51% in the same year; 5784 automobile crane sales in January-February, an increase of 58.38% in the same month; and high growth in the pump industry. Corporate core products are globally competitive and their share in the international and domestic markets is rising rapidly, so the company continues to earn.
At the same time, the company actively promotes digitization, sustained improvement in the quality and efficiency of its operations, effective cost-control and continued increase in profitability.
Beneficiary domestic demand is growing steadily and internationalized exports are growing at a high rate: on the one hand, domestic, highlighting the long-term competitiveness of companies.
–2019/03/31 Benefits. On the other hand, the company has accelerated its internationalization strategy to speed up the opposite of the company ' s overseas market, the engineering and machinery industry (600031).
Capacity and service capacity, agent system, service parts system, financing wind control system.
In the future, companies will continue to expand their overseas markets and raise export revenues to cross through.
As expected, 19 years of profit gains are still vacant, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Over-expected performance during the quarter and high industry-led performance continued to rise
Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation. For more than six years in the financial sector, the representatives include Robot Trends, etc. Before entering the financial sector, they have eight years of business experience and have worked in areas such as engineering, machinery and automobiles, production technology, markets and strategies.
In July 2017, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre. The Centre, which joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017, was good at bottom-up investment opportunities.
Research Center, September 2017, Allied Pacific Securities, good at capitalizing on investment opportunities based on industrial trends.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.