Mother's net profit has increased by 114.71% over the same year.
▪ Events: The company released its report for the first quarter of 2019, which enabled the company to secure its operations in the first quarter of 2019.
The company’s sales of excavators were solid in the first quarter of 2019. The company sold 46935 excavators in 2018, an increase of 50.59 per cent compared to the previous year, with a higher share of the company’s market than expected.
The company's excavator product has acquired world class quality and competitiveness, and has co-existed for eight consecutive years. We believe that the company's future market share has much room for improvement and that performance is expected to continue.
Monthly sales generally accounted for more than 30% of total annual sales, and spring holidays in 2019 ended on February 10th, bringing the corresponding volume of excavators to 18745 in February, an increase of 68.68% over the same period, providing a solid basis for annual sales growth.
The recovery has been sustained by a combination of multiple factors, including cyclical recovery, environmental upgrading, and stock upgrading. We believe that real-estate start-up data have been over-expected since the quarter, that demand in the mechanical market has been more strongly supported, and that the number of hours that will open in March is equal to the number of hours that will open in the Chinese region.
The increase of 6.48 per cent indicates that after-age employment was better than in the same period last year.  corporate profitability has improved steadily, with net interest rates rising to a high level since 2011. The company sold 30.72 per cent in the first quarter of the year and the net interest rate on sales reached 15.61 per cent.
Second (3.87 in 2017), the rate of late sales of value was kept at its lowest level in history. 3, Trio Work (600031): expected repairs to the capital, 4, Trio Work (600031) incident rating: infrastructure plan
The source of financial prosperity in the East, 3 1st heavy labour (600031): net return to the mother increased by 114,71% over the same year, the leader is strong, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The Chinese People ' s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master ' s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and the mechanical industry, joined the civil securities in 2016 and the East Hing securities in 2017.
The research assistant gives an overview of the researcher's own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.