During the quarter, the engineering and machinery industry continued to grow, driven by capital construction, real estate demand, the strengthening of national environmental governance, the growth of demand for equipment upgrading, the effects of artificial substitution, and the export of “all-way” goods.
The sale of equipment, such as mining machines, concrete machines, cranes, stump machines, etc., continued to grow at a high rate, with a significant improvement in the performance of the company during the quarter.
Profitability is increasing and cash flow is improving. In the first quarter, the company ' s Māori rate was 30.7%, 1.2pc less and the ring increased by 1.6pc more than in the previous quarter; the net interest rate was 15.6% higher by 2.8pc more than in the first quarter, with the company ' s Māori rate falling slightly from the same year, the net interest rate, the roe significantly increased and the time fee increased.
The main figures are the sustained optimization of the use rate on April 26, 2019, and the overall profitability of the company is increasing. In one quarter, net cash flows from corporate operations reached $3.82 billion, an increase of 47.5 per cent over the same period, and the company’s sales return capacity continued to increase.
Cash flows have continued to improve, with sales of excavators increasing significantly in the past quarter, with the number of excavators in the city of Trinity becoming more innovative. 44,000 excavators were sold in March, an increase of 15.7 per cent over the same period.
Seventy-five thousand were sold, representing a 24.5 per cent increase in the same year, and the excavator market continued to explode in 2018; in the first quarter, the Trinity Excavator sold 19592, a 52.3 per cent increase in the same year, with an increase of 24.5 per cent higher than the industry. In March, the Trinity Excavator sold 11,000 units, making it the only one to sell on a monthly basis.
The annual increase of 3.1 pct is the eight-year combined champion. The combined collection of concrete machinery, cranes, is close to 50%, and the recovery of products in the week after the 2019 engineering machine is at its peak.
Diggers are the driving force behind the sustained recovery of the engineering and machinery industry. In 2018, the share of corporate concrete machines/lift machines was 30.4% and 16.7%, respectively.
At that time, the gradual recovery of cranes and concrete machinery is expected to lead to a sustained and rapid growth in corporate performance, with a clear dominance of corporate ownership, with business performance expected to rise again in 2019. Environmental degradation; and underperformance.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.