3x1 (600031) Mechanical equipment sales are growing at a much faster rate than industry, with a significant increase in performance during the quarter.
• Summary of performance: corporate business income of $2019q1 amounted to $21.29 billion, an increase of 75.1 per cent in the same year; net profit return of $3.22 billion, an increase of 114.7 per cent in the same year; Māori rate of 30.7 per cent, a ratio of-1.2 pp, a net interest rate of 15.6 per cent; sales grew at a much faster rate than the industry, with a significant increase in performance. q1 in 2019, demand in the engineering and machinery industry continued.
The company, as the leader of the industry, was more competitive in its products, and the number of machines sold was 19592, which was +52.4 per cent the same year, far higher than the rate of increase in its industries, with the share of the city rising to 26.2 per cent, while the share of the capital stock dropped slightly during the same period. The benefits and sales of the product increased significantly, and the company achieved operating income during the quarter.
21.29 billion (+75.1 per cent) of the net return profit of 32.22 billion (114.7 per cent) Improved efficiency and profitability of operations. Corporate costs are well regulated, resulting in a total decrease of 5.6 pp of the three rates, of which sales costs, administrative costs and financial costs vary from the first quarter of 2018 to -2.2 pp, respectively.
-0.5 pp, 2.9 pp. Structural effects due to the fact that concrete machinery and cranes (the Māori rate is lower than the excavator rate) outpaced the excavator at the same rate, with the company ' s combined Māori rate dropping slightly, but the company achieved a net interest rate of 15.6 per cent in the first quarter, an improvement in business efficiency and increased profitability compared to +2.8 pp. As competition increases in the future industry,
Domestic industries continue to grow, and overseas operations are expanding actively. The engineering and mechanical landscape of 2019 is expected to continue, benefiting from downstream capital demand, stronger environmental protection, increased demand for equipment upgrading, and artificial substitution.
In addition to continuing to increase the competitiveness of firms in the domestic market and their share in the domestic market, the company seized the opportunity of “one-way” and firmly pursued its internationalization strategy, the advancement of overseas markets was evident, and the company’s core products became internationally competitive. In 2018, overseas operations together generated revenues of 13.36 billion yuan, an increase of 17.3 per cent over the next year.
With the company’s ability to respond and service abroad constantly raising profit predictions and ratings. Given the industry’s continuing climate, the volume of company products sold has increased considerably, with a prudent increase in profits forecast of 1.3 to 1 % (600031): engineering machinery leads, increases.
In 2019, capital construction is expected to pick up, make good sales of engineering machinery, and the excavator industry is expected to increase by 10%. The cranes, concrete machines, which benefit from capital recovery, the need to update the demand cycle, and the phasing out of three vehicles, are expected to sustain better sales data over the next three years.
No one has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.