Business efficiency + quality has improved significantly, with continuous double-shooting of machines  business income has increased significantly, beneficiary industries have continued to exceed expectations + company-to-city increase Sub-business, company concrete/drilling/heavy/carrying/road mechanics
Long. Between 2017 and 2018, the engineering and machinery industry continued to outpace expectations, the overall profitability of the industry rose significantly, the competitiveness of the product and market share of the 3 1st class of industry, as a result of a combination of factors such as capital investment, the strengthening of national environmental protection policies, new equipment upgrades, artificial substitution and export growth.
Since the beginning of the 2019s, the engineering and machinery industry has continued to flourish, capital investment has recovered at a rate + environmental protection, and the demand for upgrading has accelerated.
Industry concentration has increased, and companies have reported in their annual reports that in 2019 they managed to achieve 67 billion yuan in operating income.
Interest rate 31.1 per cent, an increase of 1 pct over 2017; net interest rate 11.3 per cent, a ratio of +5.5 pct; weighted  operating net cash flow back to historical highs and asset quality constantly improving
During the reporting period, the net operating cash flow of the company was $10.5 billion, or +23 per cent, and was again unprecedented, mainly due to an increase in sales returns. The number of working days in accounts receivable fell from 174 days in the previous year to 126 days, and the rate of late sales of value was kept at its lowest level in history;
▪ Policy easing and lengthening the domestic recovery cycle, with a higher share than expected + the logic of globalization beginning to materialize
The construction approval process is clearly accelerating. The build-up and environmental verification process will lead to an early release of the need for renewal, with a strong demand for cranes and concrete machines expected to continue into 2020, while, as a result of destocking companies as industry leaders, excavators are in the world’s first ranks with Carter, serving.
1. Trinity Work (600031): Policy quality is also significantly superior to other brands, with eight consecutive years of combined sales champions in the domestic market, city overpowering and lengthening the domestic recovery cycle, with a larger share
Long, and at the same time, the logic of globalization begins to materialize, raising corporate valuation levels. In the medium and long term, the company’s product lines, downstream client distribution, global layout levels determine its wearing 2, Three-Square Work (600031): Performance
At a time when the strong have always enjoyed a premium, the vanguard remains the best option.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we increased our net profits by 2019 to 9.3 billion, with companies expected to do so.
3. Triple One Worker (600031): The long-range engineering and mechanical boom week will continue to leapfrog the industry chart.
Significant increases in revenue from various operations, with the beneficiary industries continuously exceeding expectations + rising corporate-city ratios Sub-operations with corporate concrete/digging/lifting/carpentry/road-mechanisms operating from 2017 to 2018, respectively, financed by capital investments, national policies to strengthen environmental protection, upgrading of equipment, and manual labour
As a result of multiple factors, such as substitution and export growth, the engineering and machinery industry continued to outpace expectations, the overall level of profitability of the industry rose significantly, and the competitiveness and market share of the products of leading firms in the 3rd class increased significantly. 203,000 excavators were sold throughout the year 2018, well above the 2011 level of 178,000 (the highest in history); and the Trinity Diggers sold 47,000 a year.
27.5 per cent; especially since the launch in July 2018 of a series of excavators of more than 40 tons of H, the market was quickly seized, and by February 2019 the number of municipalities with more than 40 tons of large excavators had reached 32 per cent (since the beginning of the spring of 2019, the engineering and machinery industry has remained booming, capital investment has increased rapidly and environmental needs have accelerated).
Under two major factors, we expect the volume of excavator sales to be roughly the same as in 2018, with cranes and concrete machines striving to earn 67 billion yuan a year. The profitability has increased dramatically, the costs of the period have been well regulated, and the scale effect is evident.
Benefiting from the high quality of company operations, the company ' s profitability has increased significantly, with a total Māori rate of 31.1 per cent, an increase of 1 pct over 2017; net interest rate of 11.3 per cent, a ratio of +5.5 pct; weighted roe of 21.5 per cent, a ratio of +12.8 pct. By branch of business, the company has a Māori score for concrete/drilling/heavy/carrying/road machinery operations
With the exception of excavators, which show varying degrees of improvement in the machine-type Māori rate, mainly due to the scale effect of large increases in corporate incomes and the upgrading of products. And, given the slight decline in the dredge rate, we judge that the industry’s more competitive and relatively low Māori-based small digs account for an increase in the structure of excavator sales, as a result of a trend of artificial substitution in rural areas.
The overall Māori rate of the excavator is expected to increase in March 2019 as the market continues to expand. Cost control is good, with three rates down by 5 pct. The sales cost rate is 7.97%, compared to 2.03 pct. The larger decline in management costs is mainly due to increased sales revenue from companies, stable fixed costs for personnel, and economies of scale;
The larger decline in the financial cost ratio is mainly due to lower exchange rate losses and lower net interest expenditure. Overall, there has been a decline in the cost rate during the company period, which indicates an increase in the company’s control capacity, which is expected to increase as the impact of scale continues and the company’s cost-control capacity rises to an all-time high in net operating cash flows and the quality of assets continues to improve.
During the reporting period, the net cash flow of the company was $10.5 billion, compared to +23 per cent, and was historically high, mainly because of the increase in sales returns. The number of working days for receivables fell from 174 days in the previous year to 126 days, with the value of overdue loans falling significantly.
Oversale rate is controlled at historically low levels: inventory turnover increased from 3.87 to 4.03 in the previous year. Figure 9: Significant decrease in the number of days of receivables in recent years. Figure 10: Increase in inventory turnover from year to year
The company achieved 13.6 billion offshore earnings in 2018, faster than +17.3 per cent and faster than +218h2 sales, 7.54 billion yuan, +29.5 per cent; the company continued to improve the quality of its operations in the major regions abroad, with per capita sales, overall profits, sales.
Refund rates, external payments and stock turnover have increased considerably, and sales costs have declined significantly; the offshore market has improved significantly, with the share of excavators in the overseas market having continued to rise significantly. Industry-wide excavator exports have increased at a similar rate since 2018, cumulatively +97 per cent over the year, in
The share of total sales also rose from 7 per cent in 2017 to 2 pct to 9 per cent; exports slowed at the same rate in January-February 2019, but the share of total sales continued to rise to 10 per cent. As key components, such as hydraulics, are produced domestically, domestic engineering machines and appliance products are internationally competitive in terms of performance and cost: and leading Trinity lead producers.
Over the years, engineering needs along the “one-way” route have been added to the drive for engineering machinery exports, and we expect that future export sales, such as excavators, will continue to grow at a high level, with the greatest benefit of Trinity as a leader. Policy easing has lengthened the domestic recovery cycle, with a higher share expected to rise than the logic of globalization.
Recent national policy has been relaxed, capital investment has picked up rapidly since 2019, local government debt has accelerated, and capital projects have been financed: the approval of capital projects, represented by transport infrastructure such as transhipment, has been significantly accelerated. Capital additions and tightening environmental verification will prompt an early release of the need for renewal, and the demand for cranes and concrete machines is expected to continue.
By 2020, and as a result of adequate inventories, social stocks are absorbed and the elasticity of growth is expected to continue. Companies, as industry leaders, have been in the world's first ranks with Carter, and the quality of the excavator is significantly better than that of other brands.
In the medium and long term, the company’s product lines, downstream client distribution, global layout levels determine its ability to move through the cycle. It is able to move away from domestic macro-cyclical fluctuations and address the issue of valuations.
We continue to see Trinity as the leading industry in engineering: first, the competitive edge of the whole series of product lines, the rising concentration of the poles; second, the continued over-exploitation of exports, the perfect global layout; and third, the industry flagship valuation.
Price premiums; fourth, quality of operations and cash flows continue to improve. We increased our net profits to $9.3 billion in 2019, companies are expected to grow lower than expected, downstream capital estates are expected to grow less rapidly, and high levels of competition in the industry have led to a decline in profitability.