The heavy pound buyback is a sign of confidence and a firm look at the double shot.
Event: The company issues a repurchase plan to buy back a stock issued by the company with no less than RMB 800 million and no more than RMB 1 billion, with a repurchase price not exceeding 14 yuan/equity, and the current repurchase is to use a dry employee ' s shareholding scheme or equity incentive.
▪ Repurchase shows confidence in development, cash in hand represents the strength of the money, measured at a maximum of RMB 1 billion in total repurchase funds and a maximum of RMB 14 per unit. This repurchase plan, whereby the company buys back shares with its own funds, is based on ownership of the future.
Continued confidence in stable development and recognition of corporate value, coupled with the company ' s current operations and its financial operating cash flows, have entered a healthy growth path, with 2019q1 having reached an all-time high of $15.4 billion in monetary capital, as the most recent has been the case.
The plan also states that the shares purchased are to be used for the employee holding scheme or equity incentive, which is expected to take place within 36 months of the completion of the repurchase.
Incentives have been directed at senior and middle managers and core business (technical) personnel, and new equity incentive schemes have been launched in 2021 or year to maintain the stability of senior management, guarantee the healthy functioning of companies and promote long-term development.
The industrial landscape will continue, with the share exceedingly expected to rise + the globalization logic beginning to rise in valuation water, easing policy and environmental verification will accelerate the release of new demand, and the engineering and machinery industry will continue to grow with cranes and concrete relays. The company will be a leader in the industry, an excavator.
With Carter at the top of the world, the quality of services is clearly superior to that of other brands, and since 2019 there has been over-expected growth in the number of aircraft-type markets, such as small and medium-sized digs and cranes, and continued high export growth. Optimized product structure at the top + scale + high export growth will continue to bring company performance.
1. Trinity Work (600031): q1 industry, with global competitiveness gradually reflecting valuation premiums, we continue to look at corporate double-shooting opportunities. Performance is on the upper limit of the forecast, and we continue to look at champions.
2019-04-28: Profit forecasting and investment rating: We continue to look at Trinity as the vanguard of engineering machinery: first, competitive advantage of whole product lines, rising concentration; second, exports
2. Triple One Worker (600031): q1 industry continues to exceed expectations and the global layout is perfect; third, industry flagship valuation premium; fourth, business overperformance, keeping a good eye on the tap double-click.
Quality and cash flow continue to improve. We expect the company to have a net profit of $10.1 billion in 2019-21, a significant increase in efficiency + quality, and a steady improvement in quality.