Major excavations grew at a much faster rate than industry, and heavy buybacks highlighted development confidence in incident 1: 3-to-one jobs in April, 6734, or +10 per cent; 892, or +44 per cent, or 2,300, or 5.7 per cent, or 3542 and +5.9 per cent, respectively.
Event 2: The company will convene a general meeting of shareholders on 24 May to consider a plan for the repurchase of shares on a centralized competitive basis.
In April, there were 6734 heavy jobs, compared to +10 per cent, leading the industry (+7 per cent); of these, 892 were excavated, compared with 44 per cent, and 3 per cent more than the industry, with the same market share as +7pt.
The market share of high-end products from companies is judged to continue to rise, and product elasticity will result in profit elasticity; in the same month, 2,574 exports, or 34 per cent of total industry exports, were sold, with a cumulative ratio of export sales to +39 per cent (a 33 per cent growth rate in industry).
In January-March, the share of the product series has increased considerably. Since April, the cranes and concrete machines have been operating well, the industry has been in high demand and is now in a state of production decision-making, with three heavy machines producing more than in 2018.
A heavy pound buyback is a sign of development confidence, sending a positive signal that hundreds of millions of dollars of home-owned money are repurchased in shares issued by companies with a repurchase price not exceeding 14 yuan/share.
The Ministry repurchases at the highest price and expects the largest repurchase of approximately 71.43 million shares, which is about the company’s shareholders’ meeting as of 24th (Friday), to consider the Repurchase Plan, and 30% for equity incentives would contribute to the company’s long-term stable development if the plan were to be implemented in the context of the employee’s shareholding scheme.
The Division’s valuation is close to the bottom and is expected to release positive signals through this buy-back. The industry landscape will continue, with the share exceeding expected to rise + the global logic begins to rise in value water, easing policy and environmental verification will accelerate the release of new demand, and the engineering and machinery industry will continue to do so.
Sustained, with high growth in cranes and concrete relay excavators. The company, as the industry leader, has been able to excavate in the world's first echelons with Carter, with significantly better quality of service than other brands. Since 2019, there has been more than expected growth in the number of large, medium-sized and small-scale digs, cranes, etc., and exports have continued to be high.
High-end product structure optimization + scale effect + high export growth will continue to generate a performance margin for companies, global competitiveness will gradually bring valuation premiums, and we will continue to look at corporate double-shooting opportunities.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we will continue to look at Trinity as the leading industry in engineering machinery.
1. Triple One Worker (600031): Heavy pounds: First, competitive edge of the entire product line and rising concentration of taps; and, second, export buy-backs show confidence and a firm look at double-shooters
We expect the company to make the best net profit in 2019-21, 10.1 billion, and we expect the company's net profit in 2019-21.
Triple 1 Worker (600031): q1 Performance with Predicted Maximum, Keeping Ahead Double Strikes 2019-04-28
3. Triple 1 Worker (600031): q1 has outperformed expectations and continues to take good care of the two-pronged strike by Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board