Repurchase highlights the firm’s confidence to develop, and the industry’s high profile has led to a continuing over-expected profit, not more than three months from the date of consideration of the approval of the repurchase plan. It is proposed to buy back the company’s shares with its own funds, highlighting the company’s confidence to develop: the company’s intention is not low.
The repurchase period is not more than three months from the date of consideration by the shareholders’ congress of the approval of the repurchase plan. This repurchase highlights the company’s confidence in future steady growth and its recognition of the company’s value.
Further development of corporate long-term incentives for companies to grow over the long term. Significant growth in revenue from business lines and continued high expectations for profitability: 3187 machine sales, an increase of 120.86 per cent over the same period, and maintenance of the speed of growth with cranes, pumps, etc.
The rate of growth in the variety industry, such as excavators, loaders, etc., has slowed, but the rate of growth in the variety cranes and concrete machines in the next week has remained very high. Overall, the industry has been expected to continue on a more sustained basis during this cycle, adding up the market share of the company’s main products.
Revenues from business lines have continued to grow rapidly, and future earnings are expected to continue to outpace expectations. 3x1 (600031) High Performance in the First Quarter, High Growth in Internationalized Export Growth, Opening the Space for Long-term Corporate Growth: A Accelerated Corporate Growth
Growth, a single-season internationalization strategy for operating cash flows for the current cycle, accelerating the responsiveness and service capacity of firms in overseas markets, agent systems, new heights - - 2019/04/28
As a major feature of overseas exports, the excavator (600031) exported 6392 in 2018, an increase of 67.33 per cent, and 1934 in January/March this year.
High industry-led performance is expected to continue to grow at a consistently high rate of 49.34%. In the future, the expansion of corporate markets abroad will open up long-term opportunities for companies to grow, and growing export earnings are expected to smooth domestic cycles.
3x1 "Industry leadership" highlights, looking at the company's long-term competitiveness, the buy-back highlights the firm's confidence in development, and the industry's high profile drives the profits to continue to outpace expectations.
Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation. For more than six years in the financial sector, the representatives include Robot Trends, etc. Before entering the financial sector, they have eight years of business experience and have worked in areas such as engineering, machinery and automobiles, production technology, markets and strategies.
In July 2017, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre. The Centre, which joined the Alliance’s Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017, was good at bottom-up investment opportunities.
Research Center, September 2017, Allied Pacific Securities, good at capitalizing on investment opportunities based on industrial trends.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.