Magnificent shares (600160.sh)
Business management efficiency continues to improve. Industrial structure is significantly optimized. Companies publish their Annual Report 2023: 2023, influenced by falling prices of products and raw materials and a shrinking Maori rate, and companies achieve a renewed increase in sales of value products from collections and industrial structures. At the same time, the company’s industry chain costs,
In recent years, the efficiency of corporate operations and management has increased significantly, the cash cycle has declined significantly, and the level of high-quality development has increased effectively. The sharp drop in raw-material prices has led to a fall in the prices of some of the products, as well as significant sales and collections of fluorinated fine chemicals.
Growth. In 2023, prices were affected by falling prices of raw materials such as sulfur, vcm, electrostone, tetrachloroethane and weak downstream demand, and the prices of corporate fluorinated raw materials, basic chemical products, fluorine polymers, fluorinated polymers, food packaging materials, hfcs, petrochemical materials, refrigerants were equal to 40.03 per cent, respectively.
The company has evolved into a global “1+3” operating layout of the company’s fluorine refrigerant, with state ports at its core. In the case of fluorinated fine chemicals, 1,000 tonnes/year of fluorine liquid production is operational, 1423.85 tonnes of fluorinated fine chemicals were exported in 2023 (compared with 13.94%) at a unit price of $979,000.
To expand the market for high-value products such as HFC-IV refrigerants, fluorine polymers, pvdc-ma resins, fluorinated fluids, etc. In the case of four refrigerants, companies will continue to develop new low-gwp refrigerant varieties and blends, such as HFC-IV refrigerants, in addition to actively converting the size advantage of HFC-III into an economic advantage in the future.
Megashares (600160.sh) - proposed to buy 51 per cent of fly-source chemicals for $1.4 billion, species; with respect to polymer materials, companies focus on strong chain stretching and completion of HFC Refrigerants, convergences, megashares (600160.sh) - traditional low seasons are still well-run, three generations of refrigerant scenes
Property, assets, and business integration within the Ministry of Industry and Works enhances the level and efficiency of corporate ventures. Companies continue to grow with mega-equity (600160.sh) - refrigerant prices begin to warm, fluorine chemicals innovate and strengthen core competitiveness.
Investment proposals: Companies actively promote the optimization of the structure of fluorinated products and build up a strong fluorinated industry. Consider that, by 2024, refrigerant prices have been improving the efficiency of operating controls over quota landings and air-conditioning discharge data, building up the country's leading cluster of new fluorinated materials.
On the evening of 17 April 2024, the company published its Annual Report 2023: Throughout the year 2023, the company achieved net return profit of 9.44 tons of raw material price decline/increase in sales and product structural changes/losses on assets, respectively, as a result of the weakening of the main product and the increase in the cost of research and development, among other things.
In the three years between 2020 and 2022, mega-stocks actively overcome the adverse effects of rising energy and raw materials prices, increased competition in markets, and increased seasonal and safe production pressures, and carefully organized production operations.
In 2023, with the end of the quota window period, the company strategically adjusted the production of three generations of refrigerants and the whole of refrigerants.
At the level of sales, there has been a decrease in refrigerant production. However, it is worth mentioning that throughout 2023, with the exception of the decline in the production of refrigerants, food packaging products, the sale of fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, petrochemicals, and feedstocks for the fluorine industry has increased considerably.
Refrigerant quota policy and allocation rules are in place and, as the country's three-generation largest producer of refrigerant markets, mega-stocks have successfully completed 51 per cent of the acquisition of shares in the chemical industry (change of shares completed in January 2024), further consolidated quota reserves and expanded market shares, and are already in operation.
At the same time, well-developed marketing networks, good market brands and services, and the dominant market position for products, provide strong support for companies’ own high-level marketing operations. In 2023, the net cash flow from mega-equity operations was 2,196 million yuan, a decrease of 33.78 per cent, compared with 33.78 per cent; and fixed operations were completed.
Investment in assets stood at $2.308 billion, a decrease of 31.72 per cent over the same period. Over the past three years, the efficiency of the company as a whole has remained a year of effective improvement in the company’s ability to maintain a healthy and high-quality level of development.
Figure 4: Larger shares: cash cycle of the company (days) Working days - accounts payable working days
In addition to the control of costs and the gradual development of a global “1+3” operating layout for fluorinated refrigerants centred on state ports, companies have been active in recent years in developing reserves and applications for high-value product markets such as HFC-4 refrigerants, fluorine polymers, pvdcma resins, fluorinated fluids (perfluoropolyethers, hydrofluoroethers, etc.) and in building domestic leaders.
At this point in time, the refrigerant industry is already in the windway. We note that the coolant industry will remain at a high level over a longer period of time, and that megastocks will be expected to benefit fully from industry opportunities.
High-value-added products such as fluorinated liquids, fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals will feed into the company ' s long-term growth.
The price was approximately $2797.12 per ton, an increase of 18.15 per cent over the previous year. The remaining raw materials showed a marked decline: sulphur/vcm/elite/tetrachloroethane/coal/industrial salt/benzene/methanol/hydrohydroxide, respectively, compared to the price of products in 2022: prices for major products fell on a year-on-year basis, but prices for fluorinated fine chemicals increased significantly.
Prices of fluorinated fine chemicals increased significantly throughout the year 2023: the annual average price was $97939.80 per tonne, compared with the annual average sales price of fluorinated polymers/food packaging materials/hfcs/pesosulfan/refrigerant, respectively.
Organization of production operations and maintenance of higher levels of marketing.In 2023, the company ' s petrochemical/fluoropolymer/fluorochemical feedstocks/fluoropolymer materials/basic chemical products were exported less than production, mainly because some of the products were used as raw materials for downstream products; and,
Fluorinated polyether series products have been transferred from fluoropolymer materials to fluorinated fine chemicals, and sales of all three generations of company refrigerants have declined throughout 2023: 3181 million tons, compared to the year, and from an operational point of view, the company has achieved fluoropolymer, fluoropolymer, in the context of a poor cyclical climate in 2023.
The structure of products such as fluorinated fine chemicals, petrochemical products, etc. has been highly optimized. Over the years, the company has been operating steadily through capacity-deeping, energy-saving emission reductions, precipitation, structural optimization, etc. Refrigerants: from 202,304, the refrigeration industry has moved up the landscape.
The three-generation refrigerant market continued to weaken at the end of 2019, with prices falling for each product.
R32's excess capacity is still on the rise, with prices being limited; r134a’s prices have reached their historical lows in recent years. The downstream air conditioning, automobiles, and the sale of both products fell in 2020.
In the first half of 2021, with the exception of the price of r32, which continued to hover below the cost line, the price of the refrigerants recovered. By 30 June 2021, r22 had increased by about 14.3 per cent at the beginning of the year, r134a by about 13.9 per cent at the beginning of the year, and the demand side of the refrigerants had gone into the traditional state of preparation.
At the beginning of the month. Since November 2021, refrigerant prices have generally returned in the context of the gradual release of feedstock end supply. In 2022, refrigerant prices have gradually moved down the road. In the first three quarters of 2023, the price of refrigerant products has evolved somewhat: r125 prices have followed the cost of tetrachloroethylene.
The decline has been followed by a recent rebound, a low-middle-level shock in r32, and a recent upturn in r134, followed by a decline in r134 prices. In the fourth quarter of 2023, overall refrigerant prices, headed by r143a and its associated blending refrigerants, were expected at the stage of entry into the traditional refrigerant season, forward business and low market stocks, and the end of the quota programme.
In 2024, with the landing of the quota rule program, the annual AC emissions data showed excellent performance, some of the businesses stopped manufacturing, and the refrigerant continued upward trend. According to online data on fluorine, as at 17 April, r22/tonne, export demand had yet to rise; r125 market implemented $42000-45000/t, with a larger increase in the previous period.
Current market transmission has yet to be phased out; r32 market has increased to $30,000-31,000 per tonne, owing to high production demand from air-conditioning companies, limited supply capacity of enterprises, and export markets have continued to rise; r410a, due to raw production data, shows that row 2024q2 production will continue to be high after a significant 31.5 per cent increase in air-conditioning output in 2024q1 households.
In April, mainstream refrigerant market prices were expected to continue to grow in the medium to long term, with demand for refrigerants expected to continue to grow in the areas of downstream air conditioning, refrigeration, and automobiles: while future quotas were about to fall to the legislative level, it was expected that the three-generation refrigerant price hub would continue to rise.
In addition, it is worth noting that applications of refrigerants r1234yf, r1234ze, etc., are in the early stages, that mega-stocks, fluorofluoride, etc., are now being processed or stored on a generation-by-generation basis, and that future refrigerants, fourth generation, will become a green alternative to third generation hfc refrigerants because of their superior performance and environmental performance.
As the only company in the country that owns one- to four-generation fluorinated refrigerants, the company now owns two dominant four-generation fluorinated refrigerant product devices (including surrogate processing) with an annual capacity of 8,000 tonnes. In addition to actively operating under the third-generation fluorinated refrigerant quota, the company will continue to study its advantages of scale in the future.
New refrigerant and blending varieties, such as HFC-4 refrigerants, adapted to market changes. Figure 10: Price-to-price tracking for r22, Figure 11: Price-to-price tracking for r32
Figure 12: Price and price differential tracking r134a Figure 13: Price and price differential tracking r125 Figure 14: Price and price differential tracking r143a
Figure 15: R142b price and price differential tracking The domestic production of semiconductor fluorinated liquid detergents is wide-ranging and the arithmetic liquid cold server is entering the start-up phase The fluorinated liquid cold is currently mainly used in high-performance calculations and is widely used in data centres,
In conjunction with cloud computing, the innovation of big data, especially artificial intelligence technology, which takes on a large number of data centres for computation and storage, needs to be more efficient to meet business development needs. In terms of performance, fluorine cooling is the cooling fluid that is now more suitable for use in data centres for liquid cooling systems.
The accelerated expansion of the leachate cold data centre is expected to simultaneously drive the demand for cooling fluids (especially fluorinated fluids). For semiconductor scrubbers, fluorinated fluids can be used as a cleaning agent for particulate impurities such as semiconductors, lcd monitors, optical parts, etc., that can effectively remove fluorine residues.
In the long run, the demand and penetration of “green computing” technologies, such as the cooling of liquid fluorinated fluids, is expected to increase gradually: as a key supply chain feedstock for the control of crystalline surface temperature in semiconductor etching processes, e-fluorinated fluorine.
There is a vast space for alternative domestic production in the medium- and long-term, and our fluorine enterprises will be able to open up a wide range of market opportunities, benefiting from a 3m exit from the pfas business in 2025. With the deepening of high-performance, high-value-added fluorinated products and other applications in the coming years, the country’s rapid growth in the fluorine industry is expected to continue.
In 2023, the company was able to produce 5,000 tonnes/year of total planning capacity for the company ' s giant core cooling fluids project. In 2023, the company ' s first 1,000 tonnes/year of projects were in good condition. The company ' s fluorinated fluids product consisted mainly of products such as jht electronic currents, jhl0 lubricated oil series, and jx leachate.
High-value-added fluorinated industrial products such as fluoropolymer, fluorine, fine chemicals, fluorine cooling fluids, etc. are further expanded to achieve high-quality development through capacity-digging, energy-saving emission reductions, precipitation, structural optimization, etc. Development of fluoropolymers and other fluorinated chemicals, high-end extension of industrial chains
Companies have continued to work on “long chains, patches, patches, strong lines” and have improved significantly at the industrial level and competitively. Over the last three years, companies have made technological breakthroughs in fluorinated polymers, achieved a quantitative upscaling, and the product structure has been enriched and significantly improved. In 2023, the company further refined 100 kt/a polydichloride.
ethylene high performance barrier materials project (phase II a), synthetic ammonia feedstock routes and technology adaptation for energy-saving emission reduction project, 120,000 tonnes/year organic alcohol expansion project, 7,000t/afkm, 30kt/a refrigerant overseas plant, etc. Decision-making on the implementation of new 10,000t/a high quality molten fluoro resins and accompanying projects, 44kt/a high end
Tons/year projects 20kt/a polyvinyl chloride high performance barrier materials project, etc. Investment proposals: maintain a “buy-in” rating. Companies, as champions of the fluorinated industry, have a strong industrial chain layout, cost and co-opt advantages, and a healthy financial structure.
The current market share in the three-generation refrigerant industry is about 35% and is leading a cyclical reversal as industry leaders. From the fluorine chemicals and fluorinated materials industry, as the living standards of our people continue to improve and as the strategic and emerging industries develop rapidly, the fluorine industry has its unique properties, applications and market space.
In terms of the company’s own endogenous benefits, the company has continued to increase the development of advanced chemical materials for CFCs over the years, the extension of high-end industrial chains, the increased synergy of multi-chemical industries, the continued optimization of industrial structures, product structures, core competitiveness and a growing competitive position.
Taking into account that, since 2024, refrigerant prices have been in the context of quota policy location and air-conditioning discharge data overstretched, the author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and the conclusion is not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.