Magnificent shares (600160.sh) led to a re-emergence of the refrigerant landscape, with a 103 per cent increase in the net profit of the mother during the quarter.
First quarter Report: Benefiting from increased volume prices of refrigerant products and Māori repair, fluorinated fine chemical operations with a volume supplement, 2024q1, with companies achieving operating income of $5.47 billion (+19.52 per cent); net profit of the mother of $310 million (+103.35 per cent). Refrigerant benefits from fly-source chemicals.
External sales +275.73%. In addition, the demand for fluorinated polymers, food packaging materials, basic chemical products for the company downstream is still wide, and the “old-for-new” powerhouse car industry is rejuvenated. 20204, which is the result of several factors, such as the high season of traditional refrigerant availability, the low stock of pre-existing enterprises and markets, and the expected landing of quota programmes.
Since February 2024, cars, household appliances, “old for old” and consumption dynamics, air-conditioning discharge data performance, car sales data, refrigerant up-swing trends. 2024q1, the cumulative production of air-conditioning units in the country is 68.78 million.
The same ratio + 16.5%; car sales completed 6.6.667.2 million vehicles respectively, the same ratio + 6.4%/+10.6%, and the refrigerant industry was already in the upper-window route. We look forward to maintaining the coolant industry at a higher level over a longer period of time, with megashares as a share of the national three-generation refrigerant market.
The highest producers are expected to benefit fully from industry opportunities. In the long run, the global air-conditioning market continues to grow, and industries such as cold chains/heat pumps/new energy vehicles will continue to open the space for refrigerant demand.
Development of chemical materials, high-end extension of industrial chains, increased synergies in multi-chemical industries, continued optimization of industrial structure, product structure, and increased core competitiveness and competitive position of four generations of refrigerants.
In addition to actively transforming the third generation of HFC refrigerants into an operating advantage, the company will continue to develop and develop the second Larged Shares (600160.sh) - proposed to buy 51 per cent of the fly-source chemical holdings at $1.4 billion, new low-gwp refrigerant and blending varieties such as four-generation fluorine refrigerants, polymer materials, company notes, etc.
Heavy-strength chain stretching and completion of property rights, assets and operations within the Ministry of Fluorine Refrigerants and Polymeric Industries.
Giant shares (600160.sh) - Refrigerant prices begin to warm and fluorinated fine chemicals will also expand their efforts to high-value products such as HFC-4 refrigerants, fluorine polymers, pvdc-ma resins, fluorine fluids.
We're looking forward to further high-quality development of the company, building on the advantage of fluorinated workers. Investment proposal: We maintain the company’s profit forecast: we expect the company’s net return profits for 2024-2026 to be higher than the refrigerant dosage price, fluorinated fine chemicals to supplement the price, and the company’s net return for the quarter to be 103% higher than the previous one.
On the evening of 25 April 2024, Giant Holdings published the First Quarter Report 2024: Benefiting from the increase in the volume price of refrigerant products and the rehabilitation of the Māori rate, fluorinated fine chemical operations at supplemental rates, 202001. The company actually (1) increased the cost of refrigerant operations, fluorinated fine chemicals at supplemental rates, enabling companies to achieve a season of history.
During the three years 2020-2022, the company actively expanded its market share in order to obtain the hfcs quota and to establish a leading position in the industry; at the same time, the company continued to improve its marketing network, good market brands and services, and the leading market position for its products.
In 2023, with the end of the quota window period, the company strategically adjusted the production of three generations of refrigerants and overall refrigerants.
At the level of sales, there was a decrease in refrigerant sales. However, in 20241, benefiting from fly-source chemicals, the overall volume of refrigerant sales in the public sector increased significantly: 2024q1, the company achieved 13.10% of refrigerant production/distribution and the ring ratio + 10.12% respectively. According to our market price index, as of 31 March, the National Mercant Refrigerant Market
In addition to the refrigerant business, it is worth mentioning that fluorinated fine chemicals operations have been achieved by way of volume supplementation.
(2) Some operations continue to be a drag on company performance. However, falling prices for products such as fluorine polymers, food packaging materials, basic industrial products, etc. continue to be a drag on company performance. 202401, for fluorinated fine chemicals/fundamental chemical products/fluoropolymers/fluoropolymers/food packaging materials, respectively
63352.21/1351.212/4023.3/40871.39/114011.12 ton, respectively: Company priority products: trends in refrigerant production and average prices
In addition to the advantages of industrial chain integration, effective cost control and the gradual development of a global “1+3” operating layout for fluorinated refrigerants with state ports at its core, companies have been active in recent years in developing reserves for high-value product markets such as HFC-4 refrigerants, fluoropolymer compounds, pvdcma resins, fluorine (perfluoropolyethers, hydrofluoroethers, etc.) and
At this point in time, the refrigerant industry is now in a state of high-quality development. We hope that the cooler industry will remain at a higher level for a longer period of time, with mega-equity as a whole.
The country’s third generation of producers with the highest share of refrigerant markets is expected to benefit fully from industry opportunities. In addition, ...floating high-value-added industrial products will invigorate the company’s long-term growth.
The three-generation refrigerant market continued to weaken at the end of 2019, with prices falling for each product.
In the first half of 2021, except for the price of R32, which is still running below the cost line, the price of which is still running low, and the price of r134a, which has reached a new low in recent years.
Prices of the refrigerant products, such as ethylene chloride, continued to rise, and the demand-side refrigerants entered the traditional reserve season with inadequate start-up rates caused by energy consumption, double control and electricity restrictions, and the price of the refrigerant products rebounded markedly until the beginning of November 2021.
In 2022, refrigerant prices gradually moved down the corridor. In the first three quarters of 2023, the price of refrigerant products split: r125 prices followed the cost of tetrachloroethylene, which continued to fall, had rebounded in the recent past, r32 prices had struck at a low mid-point, and the prices of r134 had started to rise in the recent past.
In the fourth quarter of 2023, total refrigeration, headed by r143a and its associated blending refrigerants, became 2024, following the Quota Rules, with excellent year-round AC discharge data, in part, at the anticipated stage of entering the coolant season, pre-business and market low banks.
The price of refrigerants rose steadily in January-February earlier/early than in previous years. The most notable increases in March were r32 and r410a, with monthly ring increases of 14 per cent and 9 per cent; in April, price increases were mainly r22.
On 25th, R22’s main core plant in the country had a cargo manifest of $25,000-26000 per tonne, and demand had increased after it had actually been sold. Recently, there had been a sharp rise in temperatures in the North, demand for air conditioning maintenance in the market had increased, demand for maintenance in the market R22 had gradually been driven by demand in the market, and industrial stocks had fallen.
The domestic market is warming, with firms raising prices mostly. r134a market prices remain stable between $31,000 and $3200 per ton. R134a market prices are running, demand for exports needs to be raised, and the previous recovery momentum has improved significantly in April; r125 market is implemented at $42000-45000 per ton, with a larger increase in the previous period and a steady increase in prices; r32 market is required for the production of air conditioners.
In order to thrive, businesses have limited supply capacity, the market for piecemeal orders is 30,000-31,000 yuan per tonne, the export market continues to shift, and market constraints remain difficult to alleviate in the face of high demand for monthly production.
Figure 12: Price-to-price differentials for three generations of refrigerant r32 Figure 13: Price-to-price differentials for three generations of refrigerant r125 Downstream demand for refrigerants remains wide and the “old-for-new” powerhouse car industry is rejuvenating
(1) Air-conditioning: Air-conditioning discharge data remain excellent in the first half of 2024, and the domestic air-conditioning industry entered the new cycle. In 2009, the country actively promoted the policy of “old for new”, “Home and Power Downland”, and four sectors, including the Ministry of Trade and Communications, in 2015