The q2 of Special Operations is going to be a turning point, and the U.S. Micropoint Assessment Report, April 23, 2025.
Special circuit demand holds, and the decrease in the Māori rate is more pronounced: 2024 yields $5.511 billion, 37.8 per cent, and the decline is mainly due to special circuit demand.In terms of sub-products, corporate integrated circuits are significantly affected by industry cycle adjustments, with revenue of $2,577 million.
Dollars (yoy-42.6 per cent). Smart security chip business income of $2,638 million (yoy-7.6 per cent); Stone crystals business in reverse growth, with $224 million (yoy+20.9 per cent) in 24 years. Māori rates are relatively high at first. The company ' s Māori rate was 55.8 per cent in 2024, a 5.4 pct decrease in year-on-year;
Under the double pressure of a special circuit price reduction, the company's efficiency gains and the Māori ratio of the special business remain high. Smart security chip Māori is 44.2%, a decrease of 2.0 ptt compared to the previous year, mainly due to new items.
The crystalline operation benefits from a boom downstream display of 15.6% of the plate, an increase of 6.5%. 3.4pt. Corporate R & D input is maintained at a high level, mainly for the development of new storage units,
New varieties of products such as the imageai smart chip, the auto domain control chip, etc. Inventory and contract liabilities have fallen, growth has been weak for 24 years, and performance has been at a turning point for 25 years: the company has a stock balance of $1.974 billion, which is 21.5% lower than at the beginning of the year.
Looking forward to 2025, President Xi Jinping stressed during the bi-sessional meeting that the target of the 14th Five-Year Plan had been completed as scheduled, that the call to action was relatively deep at 300, that the state of 2025 was considered to be one of the core suppliers of chips in the special field, and that the company would be in 2025.
On April 8, the chairman of the company proposed that the public minister buy back some of the shares of the company, totalling between $100 million and $200 million, to be used for equity incentives or employee holding schemes.
The power incentive program is being actively developed and refined, and the New Purple Group, a controlling shareholder, is fully supporting the work. We expect that the corporate equity incentive program will land on q3 and effectively boost core workforce motivation, thereby contributing to sustained corporate growth.
The company focuses further on the core business and optimizes resource allocation. After the judicial reorganization of the Purple Light Group, the company, which focuses on the core of the chip design industry, effectively improves industrial competitiveness by forming a vertical integration system of “design-driven + manufacturing synergy” with the inner group manufacturing and sealing enterprises.
The Division focuses on the main industry, optimizing the allocation of resources to complete stock restructuring and liquidation of tin-free purple microelectronics and purple PV semiconductors in three companies: UV-Tine, UV-Cycle Energy, UV-A-Systems. The company takes a step forward to clear its position of responsibility at headquarters, independently operates specific operations through its subsidiaries under the flag, and operates as a whole.
The product continues to be updated and the competitive advantage is highlighted: 1) With regard to integrated circuits, companies can provide users with asic/soc design development services and chip-level solutions for national production systems, 24 years of successful introduction of space (radio-resistant) products to the market; simulating product development is proceeding in an orderly manner; and tin-free high reliability chips.
The encapsulation project is driving up the volume of products produced and the import of new products. 2) Smart security chip surfaces, car safety chip solutions in multiple head Tier1 and mainframe plants, with millions of shipments per year. The second generation of auto domain control chip th6 series has been imported into multiple Tier1 and mainframe plants.
3) With regard to crystallization, the development of miniaturization, high frequency, high precision products is advancing, and the competitive advantages of firms are becoming apparent, with the prospect of gradually opening up applications in many areas, such as automobile electronics, low-altitude economies, artificial intelligence, arithmetic models, etc.
Investment Recommendations: We see a 25-year recovery in the landscape of the special sector as a source of revenue for the company's integrated circuits, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In order to ensure quality of service, to control investment risks, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, and complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.