Event Review: On the Merger Express, looking at the future of the company Research Assistant Lo Woo-Kang  3-quarterly performance growth in 2024: 3rd quarter of 2024.
Growth, with a growth of between 7 and 29 billion yuan in business income and between 10 and 95 billion yuan in net return and between 0.34 and 166.4 billion yuan in net return assets as compared to the beginning of the year. 1) Light assets, with a significant increase of 39 per cent in business performance, stable revenue from capital intermediation and net interest earned
On the other hand, the company was able to re-assemble its major assets in the context of the warmth of the market at the end of the third quarter: on 9 October 2024, the Board of Directors of Taijunan agreed to exchange shares to absorb the consolidated sea-to-air securities and raise the matching funds.
There is still a series of processes to be completed at a later stage: On October 9, the announcement was made that the exchange of shares would take place in the form of the exchange of shares between the shares of the shares of the two companies, which would be reported on a semi-annual basis, and that, following the merger of the two companies, the operating income/mother ' s net profit/total assets/net assets line would be used to absorb the merger.
Industry ranks as second/second/first/first, respectively. 3) Business advantages are complementary, and business levels are expected to increase rapidly.
Brokering and blending take advantage of their respective comparative advantages, and the scale will be the industry’s greatest profit forecast and investment rating: capital market reforms will continue to be optimized, macroeconomic recovery will be gradual, and front-runners will be better able to manage risks and enjoy greater policy dividends; and the nation, Taijun, will act as the first country in the world.
The head teller is expected to take advantage of the market opportunities. We expect the company to return to its mother in 2024-2026.
1.2. Heavy asset operations: market warming at the end of the third quarter, with overall robust performance income = return on investment - investment returns from joint ventures + income from fair value changes . Capital intermediation operations have stabilized. As at 2024/09, the market balance had been equal to -9 per cent to -144.1 billion yuan;
On 9 October 2024, the Board of Directors of the State of Thailand agreed that the company would absorb the consolidated seaton securities and raise the matching funds. This exchange of shares will take place in the form of the State of Thailand exchange of shares for the consolidated seaton securities and the exchange of shares.
An example is 1:0.62 On September 5, 2024, the announcement was issued by the State of Taijun An and Hyeton Securities that plans were under way for the exchange of shares by the State of Taijun An for the consolidation of maritime bonds and the issuance of a share to raise matching funds.
At the beginning of the day, the stoppage is expected to take no more than 25 trading days. On 30 September 2024, the intermediary agency of the State of Taijunen accepted the merger of the Seaton securities was confirmed. On October 9, the Board of Directors of the State of Taijunen agreed to the transfer of shares of the company to consolidate the Seaton securities and to collect the matching funds.
On October 10, two companies re-opened their shares. The merger has yet to be approved.
The change of non-executive directors will help the strategic development of the layout. On October 28, the announcement by Tai Junan recommended the appointment of HAN Zhida as a non-executive director of the company, who had acquired the merger headquarters, the M & A finance department, the Strategic Development Department, and the digital transformation of the office helped to facilitate the successful merger of the country's Tyjunon and Hytoon securities, bringing about a new war for the company.
On 30 October, Tai Jun An announced that Zhao Hong would act as the company's chief auditor, Zhao Hong has served as the company's chief auditor and has served as the head of marketing management, deputy director of the head office, deputy general manager of the head office of the agency's customer service, deputy director of the acquisition and merger headquarters, deputy director of the party committee's office, and deputy director of the party committee's office.
The Director, the General Manager of the Ministry of Human Resources, the Director General of Human Resources, the Director of Operations, the General Manager of Shanghai Branch, among other key positions, is expected to contribute to the further improvement of the corporate audit oversight system.
The balance sheet is optimized. In the tri-quarter report of 2024, following the merger of the operating income/mother-to-mother net profit/total-to-asset industry with the Oceanic Securities Division, operating income/mother-to-mother net profit/total asset/net asset industry ranked as second/second/first/first, respectively.
Increased efficiency in the use of funds, as larger and more balanced structures make it possible to manage and use funds more effectively. Integration of Shanghai’s financial resources will help build an international financial center in Shanghai.
The first-class investment bank, which is the first-class equivalent, effectively perfects the system of elements of the Shanghai International Financial Centre, enhances the competitiveness of the Shanghai International Financial Centre, promotes Shanghai's exit from a Chinese-characterized international financial centre, and better serves the strategic objective of building financial powers.
The merger will allow both parties to share expertise and customer resources, especially in digital technology and compliance. This will help to improve client service capacity and operational efficiency, thereby better serving the technology industry. The new merger will cover 17 countries and territories, with seaborne securities in overseas markets.
The company will consolidate the business and license plates of the two companies, including securities brokers, investment banks, asset management, credit operations, etc.
The number of ministries was 345/311 and the number of business departments increased following the merger, which will enable companies to provide more comprehensive financial services to meet the needs of different clients.
According to wind, as of 2024, q3, Taijun Anipo/Refinancing/Debtorship, the country has an advantage in bond underwriting. The merged company has both advantages, the investment bank rankings will take advantage of the web site layout and the wealth management business. According to the semi-annual 2024 report, the country's Taijun An is one of the leading players in bond underwriting.
At the same time, the number of users and the average monthly activity of the Internet security product “Kun Hongapp” were 4080/829 million in the State of Thailand, and the average monthly income of the maritime security “e Sea Treasure” was 5.83 million in the Fund.
It has a comparative advantage with the Fund's evaluation license plate, which combines strong alliances, connections to the line, and client service capacity boundaries with a scale effect. The scale of operations has expanded and the advantages of brokering have expanded.
Net revenue is $4,454 million; net revenue from brokerage fees for seaton securities is $1.7 billion. After the merger, the brokering business is heavily asset-intensive: business level is further raised by $2.50 billion; net interest income from seaton securities is $2.711 billion.
Optimize pricing mechanisms, create the advantages of integrated services, strengthen compliance management, optimize business structures, continuously improve capital quality, enhance customer service and operational efficiency.
As a result of the merger, capital intermediation will take advantage of its comparative advantages and become the industry’s top standard. Self-employment is more efficient and profitability is significantly enhanced.
The consolidated company will become the lead sheep in the industry, which will significantly increase the concentration of the city. The new institution is expected to optimize its resource allocation, risk management, and business innovation, thereby increasing the efficiency and profitability of its own operations and helping it to achieve greater economies of scale and cost advantages in its own operations.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings Capital market reforms continue to optimize, macroeconomic recovery is gradually taking place, leading to a greater ability to manage risk and to enjoy a greater degree of policy dividends, and Ghai King-Ann, as a leading ticketer, is expected to seize market opportunities.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.