Purple gold mining (601899): hedges and flow premiums added to productivity growth will boost the company, Purple gold mining.
In 2019, the company achieved business income of $136,098 million, and in 2019, the company's global non-ferrous metal company, Forbes.
The Ministry is one of the largest multi-metal mining groups in China, with tons (13.8 per cent of the country), copper reserves of 57.25 million tons (50 per cent of the country) and zinc reserves of 9.74 million.
The value of the company’s reserves is as high as 40.68 per cent of the market value. One of the companies with a large margin of security for the company is the company’s principal gold, copper, zinc, etc.
The effectiveness of the mineral reserves, the very high market value ratio of the reserves, means that the company has a clear moat. Mineral resources are mined and sold.
Mineral gold, copper and zinc from offshore projects have continued to grow, accounting for 62.5 per cent of the company ' s total production, 41.4 per cent for copper, and 52.5 per cent for zinc, respectively. The double growth in the company ' s mineral production and smelting production is mainly due to the release of inputs from multi-project projects such as Borg Lag, Bisha, Dobo Mountain II and Kolwezi.
Gold and copper revenue as a share of the main business income rose to 77.2 per cent (+4.3 per cent), with gold as a share of 58 per cent (the company ' s three fees as a share of total revenue as a result of gross transfer costs have fallen to 4.56 per cent). The cash flow risk is manageable, taking into account net cash flows of $10.7 billion and $15.1 billion in the company ' s operations.
The company has clear production release expectations: the company ' s mineral products and smelting capacity will go into a rapid double increase in mineral gold and copper production to 52 tons and 710,000 tons, respectively, 28 per cent more than in 2019, and 690,000 tons of copper, 290,000 tons of zinc and clear corporate growth.
▪ The weight of gold prices will continue to shift upwards and the safety margin of copper prices will become apparent: gold showed exchange rate premiums in 2019 and 2020, respectively, interest rate premiums and hedge premiums (which are effectively reflected in the copper, oil and silver ratios), taking into account that the global negative rate of return bond size is still above $7 trillion and that the global rate of interest is still low,
Gold prices are expected to move up after the market moods have warmed and are expected to focus on $1,600/ounces in the year; Copper supplies, or as a result of the reduction in production in the mines, have gradually tightened, prices have fallen to a safe margin near the 75% cost division, and copper prices are expected to rise before and after the year. The combination of high global risk and low interest rates means gold.
The copper hedge properties appear and will all be boosted by a liquidity premium, which will boost the company’s valuation. East’s financial and intellectual boom, Purple Mining (601899): The hedge and liquidity premium overlap plus production growth will release the company’s security margins and market value increases.
The 4th place in the real estate industry is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Name. In the 2014-million-year information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasts Accurate Real Estate Industry Number Three." Today, 2016, I invested in the Sky-Eyed Real Estate Industry, Judo-Hung, which is researching the non-ferrous metal industry.
10 years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment and team management, formerly at the East Hing Futures Investment Council.
Chief Executive Officer, Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group: formerly an investment manager in the management plan of Yongofong Dong-hing. Second prize in the joint study of futures options of the Chinese Financial Futures Exchange and third prize in the joint study of futures of the Chinese Institute of Finance; third prize in the Chinese Academy of Rights; silver prize in the product competition and copper prize in the multimedia category: third prize in the soy futures competition of the Dalian Commodity Exchange for market simulation.
The shares refer to options for a competition for market simulations. Authors of futures weather for Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Journal. 2018 analyst's own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Report (601899): Surge and liquidity premiums plus production growth will boost the company's security margins and release its market value.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.