A significant increase in the production of copper gold, which continues to be evaluated in the period of resource realization, has been reported in the Annual Purple Mining Report, which shows that the company achieved business income of $13.1 billion in 2019, compared to the same amount.
Increase by 28.40%; net return to the mother is 4,284 million yuan, an increase of 4.65% over the same period. Net net deductions 1, gold plate: volume increases, contributing to major income and profit gains throughout the year. In 2019, the company ' s gold plate realized sales revenue of 92,458 million yuan (+42.89%, +27.75 billion).
(+4.33 tons). Mineral gold increases are mostly from overseas, including the Papua New Guinea Bo Gra Gold (+30.46%, +2.06 tonnes) and the Australia Norton Gold Company (+34.86%, total equity/flow (million shares)
Total market value/flow (million yuan) to 41.82% per cent.
UVM (601899), UVM (601899), UVM: Collections
In 2019, the company ' s Māori rate for copper mine fell by 8.53 percentage points to 41.42 per cent. But the increase in sales, the purchase of mainland gold, overseas mergers and acquisitions, followed by the next city, has generally guaranteed flat incomes and stable growth of Māori. The company produced 87.13 million tons of copper throughout the year.
The single-season profits of the violet gold mine (601899) are clear, and the increase in the mineral copper comes mainly from the 16,000 tons brought by the bisha mine, the return of the Black Dragon River Dolbo Mountain, and the main increase in the gold copper.
2nd phase of copper mine expansion (+78.77 per cent, +3.13 million tons), Democratic Republic of the Congo Kolwezi copper mining tracking point - 2019/11/01 company zinc block revenue was almost equal, but the Māori ratio (including mineral zinc and smelting) was collated
The sharp fall of 12.28 percentage points resulted in a 32.6% decline in the same year in zinc plate Māori, which cost the entire Māori $893 million. At the same time, the return on investment fell by $1,026 million, which was the end of the year,4 and the company will remain in a resource-to-efficiency position.
There has been a significant increase in sales of copper, mineral silver and mineral zinc, both the largest in history.
The increase in copper gold production is evident, and it continues to be in a resource realization phase _ the Review of the Purple Mining Tracking Point and the expansion of low-grade gold mining and difficult-to-disposal gold mining techniques at Norton Goldfield, Australia. On the other hand, copper block production is increasing at a significant rate, with the Serbian timok copper gold mine, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Kamoa-Cacura copper mine and the Serbian Poll copper mine are future growth points. According to the company’s production plan, the annual compound increase in the company’s mineral gold and copper production in 2020-2022 will be 5 per year, the copper price will be limited and the gold price will be high.
As the policy of global liquidity easing begins, copper prices are expected to rebound slowly in the medium to long term. The price of exterior gold has fallen as a result of panic and deflationary fears, but by analogy history and logic.
In performance, we believe that gold prices are expected to stabilize and open a new round of cattle, and that gold prices will rise upwards. Even with the short-term fluctuations in the economic cycle of the copper plate, the company’s performance is likely to grow steadily under the hedge of gold.
Prospective and financial indicators: A significant increase in copper production, which continues to be in the resource realization phase _ Review of the Purple Mining Tracking Point
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report