Events: On the evening of 30 October, the Grand Bank issued a 2023 Quarterly report: q1-q3 to earn operating income.
As of the end of September, the total assets of the Grand Bank amounted to 6.83 trillion yuan, an increase of 9.10 per cent over the previous year, with an increase of 1.1 pcc at the end of q2, increasing from the Wang Dynasty.
At the end of the last year, the pace of expansion accelerated, with loans totalling 376,000 at the end of September, building new competitive advantages at the corporate level in terms of “business integration” to reach out to large clients, focusing on modernization, industrial systems, high-quality financial credit development, manufacturing, strategic and emerging industry lending, etc.
Technology-based business loans and green credit grew by 18.88%, 30.07%, and Xiaohui Zhang promoted retail business development by the end of the year. Retail sales aum amounted to 2.65 trillion yuan, an increase of 9.32% from the end of the year.
q3 The net return on investments in the first quarter of the year is higher than in the previous quarter, and the transaction costs are more onerous. The net return on investments is lower than in \triangleright, with regulation leading down the real interest rate at the enterprise end, and the current banking focus supports the entity.
The bank’s loan interest rate is at the bottom of the line.
At the end of September, big banks had a poor loan rate of 1.35%, and at the end of q2, 5bp, which was 10bp higher than at the end of the previous year.
Banks adhere to sound and prudent risk management strategies, improve risk management systems, and enhance the response capacity of all types of risks. On November 1, the Commercial Bank Capital Management Scheme was published, and banks will be further optimized at the risk management and capital control levels.
The core-level capital adequacy rate, the first-level capital adequacy rate, and the capital adequacy rate were 9.11 per cent, respectively, and, at the end, the core-level capital adequacy rate in large banks was fourth in the list, second only to the central-level equity bank, second only to the commercial bank, the booming bank, and the larger bank, opening up space for lending, etc.
Profit projections: Big banks actively promote integrated public-private business development, focus on wealth management, accelerated expansion of retail aum, continued improvement in capital indicators, and promising robust asset quality.
Risk factors: risks associated with business transformation; tightening regulatory policies; downside risks of economic growth, etc.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City. Figure 2: Net difference is on the bottom line. Figure 6: q3 end core level capital adequacy up.
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-China Portfolio Research and Development Centre, covering mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the financial management industry and finance, asset liabilities, wind and wind.
Liao Chiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, selected for the College of Honors, Financial Sciences, etc.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.