Grand Bank (601818): Provision for supplementary benefits Rough growth and steady progress in wealth management strategy
Events: On 30 October, the three-quarter report of 2023 was published, the first three quarters were collected and pre-release profits were made, and the China Guang Da Bank was established in August 1992 as a national stock company, which was approved by the State Council and approved by the People ' s Bank of China.
The annual weighted average of roe is 10.23%, a decrease of 0.67 pct. The rating is as follows: Industrial Bank, based in Beijing.
In the first three quarters, large banks registered their revenues at the same time as 4.3%. China's big banks focused on “first-class wealth management,” which increased by 1.8 pct over the first half of the year; and net profits, which increased by 0.3 pct over the same year + 3.0%.
The Bank's strategic vision is to promote “agility, technology, ecology” that is largely dependent on low interest rates and a decline in non-interest income; and to achieve positive growth in profitability under the provision of counter-breeding.
Consider: (1) net interest income is equal to -4.3 per cent, with interest-bearing assets of the same size +9.7 per cent, increasing faster innovation in products, channels and service models, six months of wealth management + 1.2 pct, maintaining steady and faster growth in size, one of the key underpinnings of profit growth; before counting
There has been a strong market competitive advantage, for example, in financial science and technology. This has resulted in balanced business development, progressive improvement in risk management, a three-quarter net interest gap of 1.7 per cent, a decline of 22bp compared to the previous period, and a reduction in net interest income due to narrow interest differentials (2).
The growing ability to innovate has led to the emergence of a first-rate net non-interest income of 4.4 per cent, with the social image of the Central Bank for Wealth Management, which has been recovering from a slower recovery of wealth management needs since this year.
The other non-interest income +9.9% was driven mainly by a change in fair value. (3) Losses on assets in the previous three quarters were equal to 12.8%, and impairment savings were the main contribution to the increase in profitability.
The same scale +9.7%, with a smoother and faster growth in size than at the end of June +1.2pct. Loans and manufacturing loans, loans from strategic and emerging industries, loans from technology-based enterprises and green credit have increased since the beginning of the year, wealth management operations have grown steadily and core business indicators have grown well.
The strategic vision of the wealth management bank, with the Arctic Star indicators for the three major business segments, i.e., the scale of public integrated finance (fpa), the size of retail asset management (aum), and peer finance.
Companies maintain full-scale financing of their clients throughout their life cycle, and the value-creation effectiveness of private investors continues to improve, with a 3.6 per cent increase in the total number of fpas in the previous three quarters compared to the beginning of the year.
With regard to financial market operations, the Financial Institutions Digital Integrated Service Platform was launched, upgrading the business model of the industry, with a 25.14% increase in gmv. Companies continue to deepen their wealth management transition and play a fundamental role. As the economy recovers and the market mood recovers, residents' risk preferences are expected to recover slowly.
At the end of September, the bad-rate ring rose by 5bp to investment proposal: the bank base of big banks is robust, the wealth management bank strategy is advancing steadily, and core operations are growing well. As the economy recovers and the market mood recovers, residents’ risk preferences are expected to slow down.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn The Source of Eastern Finance, the Source of Eastern Finance, the Source of Eastern Finance.
Figure 7: Non-performing bank lending rate of 1.35 per cent at the end of September, with a 5bp rise in the ring: 13 pc to 175.65 per cent drop in the end of September bank provision coverage.
I've been in the banking industry for years, and I've been in the gold, sea and skywind banking industry.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the margin is growing and the wealth management strategy is advancing steadily.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.