Big banks slightly less profitable, strategicly active Big banks increased 3.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters of 2023, operating income fell 4.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, profit, income
The rate of increase was slightly lower in the first half of the year, with major pressures arising from interest differentials, fees, and contributions from provision and size. Corporate assets, debt and business structures were consistent with equity practices, liabilities were higher than public deposits, cost rigidities, asset-end retail loans were higher, loan growth and marginal asset quality trends were weak, and performance and business pressure were synchronized.
In a weak external environment, companies adhere to the wealth banking strategy, service entities and national strategies, digitalization of the economy, slightly less profitable, strategic growth of the business base, and active consolidation of the business base.
Asset management (aum) grew by 9.3 per cent from the beginning of the year, while the volume of joint financial transactions (gmv) increased by 25.1 per cent over the same period, with a slight positive advance. The four-quarter base fell, income, performance pressures or relief, and stage performance was still subject to an external environment that could be expected to improve as the corporate strategy continued.
In the first three quarters of the year, the net return profits of large banks increased by 3.0 per cent over the same period, by 0.3 percentage points over the first half, by 4.3 per cent over the same period, and by 1.8 percentage points over the first half, with interest income falling by 4.3 per cent over the same period.
The capital strength of the banks was significantly increased in the previous period, with the core capital adequacy rate of 9.11 per cent in the third quarter, an increase of 42bp in the same year.
Large banks recorded a 4.3 per cent decline in interest earned in the first three quarters of the year, which was larger than in the first half, with a 1.78 per cent difference in net interest measured in the first three quarters, and a 22bp decrease in the same quarter, which was larger than in the first half of the year.
At the end of the third quarter, the total assets of the company grew by 9.1 per cent over the year, by 1.1 percentage points over the end of the second quarter.
By 5.5 per cent and 2.7 per cent, respectively, the rate of increase was 1.1, 2.6 percentage points lower than at the end of the second quarter, other non-interest-bearing contributions of bonds, negative charges, as measured by the market price charged on 2 November 2023
Large banks experienced a 4.4 per cent decline in non-interest income in the first three quarters of the year, a 11.4 per cent decline in fees and charges in the previous quarter, and a 9.9 per cent increase in other non-interest income in the same quarter.
The three-quarter failure rate for big banks was 1.35 per cent, the ring increased by 5 bp over the two-quarters, the negative loan ratio increased by 4.1 per cent, and the Grand Bank, 2020326, was still largely due to retail end-of-end pressure.
Losses on impairment of assets in the first three quarters of Big Light Bank decreased by 12.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, an anti-breathing profit, a 3-quarter grant coverage rate of 175.65 per cent, a 12.91 percentage point decline in the ring over the 2-quarter period, a 2.37 per cent loan allocation and a 0.09 per cent decline in the ring
Point, stock allocation absconding space. Qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations Bank: share-based bankii
Economic downside, overseas risks are more than expected.