The Grand Bank (601818.sh) reported three quarters of 2023 with strong profit performance and reduced capital stress.
Mainly affected by weak capital markets and insufficient investment willingness; robust growth in the size of the industry and foreign exchange markets, credit service entities and optimal structure. Total corporate assets at the end of 23q3 + 9.1%, interest-bearing assets + 9.7%, respectively, focused on the main strategic directions of the transformational development of the national economy.
At the end of the year, public loans grew by 10.8% compared to the end of the year, with manufacturing loans, strategic and emerging industries, and technology-type loans accelerating the improvement of the asset structure and promoting the expansion of interest-bearing assets. Higher interest rates on bond payments or some pressure on the cost of indebtedness.
Risk-weighted assets have decreased and core-level capital adequacy has increased. Risk-weighted assets at the end of 23q3 Active service entities, deepening wealth transformations 2023/08/25 Ongoing optimization of asset structures at the end of 23q3 risk-weighted assets in favour of assets occupied by low-risk capital.
3. Big Bank (601818.sh) Dynamics Report: SMPRs are significantly below the rise in built-in capital after roe deducts dividends, pushing back the negative rate of core-level capital charging at the end of 23q3 and low pressure on asset quality. End of 23q3 rates are 5 bp above 23h1.
5. Grand Bank (60118.sh) mid-2022: Investment proposal: robust profit growth, sufficient core-level capital \triangleright
Large banks increased their profits at a steady rate and continued to optimize their asset structures, increasing capital adequacy to accompany economic warming, maintaining a “recommended” rating of 0.4 times 23 years pb on 1 November of the year. Figure 1: Large banks' performance as of 23q3 increased at the same rate (cumulative)
Figure 2: Increase in net and median interest income as at 23q3 (cumulative) by large banks, Figure 3: Increase in other non-interest-bearing income as at 23q3 by large banks, Figure 4: Increase in total assets and loans as at 23q3 by large banks
Figure 5: Average increase in total liabilities and deposits as at 23q3 by big banks, figure 6: Risk-weighted assets as at 23q3 by big banks, figure 7: Poor rate as at 23q3 by big banks
Figure 8: Large banks as of 23q3 for coverage and loan allocation Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements Investigation of methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.