Non-recurrent gains and losses, such as exchange rates, affect the appearance of profits, operating \triangleright Q3 performance in the single quarter: 2,023, third quarter, companies achieved operating income of $5,645 million, same
\triangleright Practice No.: $150052211006 > Bend: Research and development inputs continue to grow and a3 printers are expected to be on the market during the year with a letter of credit order
In the first three quarters of 2023, the map achieved operating income of 2,893 million yuan, a decline of 15.50 per cent over the same period; a decrease of 25.39 per cent. The volume of the printer sales fell by 12.96 per cent over the same period, with the volume of the overseas market at the map increasing by 5.47 per cent over the same period. The volume of the printer at the Pentua-3 level has increased significantly.
Bantu has continued to increase its investment in research and development, with a total investment of $281 million in research and development in the first three quarters of 2023, representing an increase of 22.46 per cent, or 9.73 per cent, in business income. The a3 black and white and colour copiers, developed autonomously by Bento, are expected to be marketed during the year.
And, since the third quarter, the Benevolent Map has been adding new purchases to the central, provincial and municipal governments, and to the state’s purchases. LAS International: Growth has slowed, but its own brand printers have been well sold, and financial costs have been well received.
The Fed has grown with interest hikes. Thanks to the slowdown in Oem’s business performance, the LCL earned $1,534 million in business income in the first three quarters of 2023, a decline of 12.30 per cent over the same period; however, LCL’s own branding and printing machine sales performed well with a 5.8 per cent increase in sales and a 12.4 per cent increase in revenue over the same period.
On the other hand, interest rates on dollar loans are rising as the Fed continues to raise interest rates. In the first three quarters of the Alliance, interest rates increased by about $26 million on a year-on-year basis.
\triangleright 2023, 353 million shipments from the polar sea, an increase of 7.24 per cent over the previous quarter.
76.89% drops. Due to increased competition in the integrated circuit industry, a loss in the second quarter of the polar ocean, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd., but three quarters have already made a profit. In R & D, R & D, R & D continues to drive technological innovation and scale up R & D.
In addition to the input, which has enriched the product lines, the cost of R & D has increased by 37.6 per cent over the same period.
In the area of auto-electronics, companies have also launched 40nm generic mccu products, which have been developed and tested in conjunction with a number of Tier1 manufacturers and have acquired core vehicles.
The approval of the company and the gradual import of volume products; and the realization of the size of the first ultrasound sensor chip, which can be used in automated parking support systems, ultrasound support systems adas advanced driving support systems, etc.
The main reason for the move was that the components of the \triangleright sales had not been, had not been, or would not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in the present report, owing mainly to exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi and the \triangleright component of the list of entities involved in the United States.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.