The development of a new industry is expected. The depth of the subsidiary and the amd is significant.
In cooperation, China will be expected to master the development of X86 server chips, break the Intel monopoly, and make new breakthroughs in the field of high-end servers. Since China and China held hands with the Cold War, the first drop of phaneron has been launched recently, providing a powerful online business environment for deep learning.
In the future, China and China will develop more information base facilities that will carry cold-school chips. These infrastructure not only reach new heights in real-time analysis. It will also lay the foundation for the strategic layout of China and China and the future intelligent age.
* Cloud services are becoming more and more abundant, and the city-wide distribution and “data-China” strategy has been advancing steadily. Since 2009, companies have been investing in 22 cities, such as Chengdu, Tinless, Nanjing, Beacon, Harbin, Yichang, Urumqi, Xiao, etc., to build and operate urban cloud computing centres.
Thirty. Increase market expansion in smart city operations in the form of "Integration of big data, cloud computing plus systems" and create a whole series of smart city integration solutions.
In April 2017, the Ministry of Trade and Communications issued the three-year action plan for cloud computing development (2017-2019), which proposed a focus on enhancing cloud computing technology, developing industry and promoting applications. In July 2017, the State Council issued the New Generation Plan for the Development of Artificial Intelligence.
The strategic deployment of artificial intelligence development. Tax incentives in the area of artificial intelligence, the urgent need for autonomous research and development at the national level, and the acceleration of data expansion in the big data age all contribute to the continued growth of demand for the cloud computing industry. The global public cloud market is expected to reach $383.4 billion in 2020, year after year.
With a combined growth rate of 20.51%, China’s publicly owned cloud computing market is likely to outpace the global cloud market, and there is much room for penetration and performance growth in the future. Pe is 95 times, 76 times, and 45 times, respectively.
Given the current overvalued, first-time coverage, no rating will be given. Landfalls and sales, or expected: 4) the risk of increased competition in the market, and further reductions in server-rich rates
Risks: 5) Risks of reduced capital market risk preferences. The old hardware pole shift, the layout of the one computing the product line, was set up in 2006 by the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Information Industry, and the Central Court of Justice, with the national “863”
High-tech enterprises are planned to build on major scientific research results. At present, a full-blown industry has been set up, with programmes or product services such as "Service +hpc (high-performance computer) + Storage + Cloud Calculus + Security." Research by the Chinese Central Institute of Science and Technology, behind which the majority of shareholders are always at an advanced level in all sectors.
In the first three quarters of the year, according to the company ' s three quarterly reports, the company achieved revenue of 3,788 million yuan, an increase of 43.15 per cent, a net return of 76 million yuan, an increase of 1.53 per cent, and a deduction of non-net profit of 60 million yuan, an increase of 43.15 per cent.
Compared to the last three years of operations in the main battalion, it can be seen that corporate operating income continued to grow at a steady pace between 2014 and the first three quarters of 2017. Net profits increased faster than year-on-year in the first three quarters of 2017, mainly as a result of growth in revenue from the main business and good cost control, a decrease of 2.1 percentage points in management costs compared to the same period last year, and a decrease of 1.55 per cent in sales costs.
The larger increase in non-net profits was due to the fact that the company generated investment returns of 33.4 million during the reporting period, while the slight change in net return to the parent was due to the decline in off-the-shelf income in the previous three quarters. According to the 2016 report, the company’s main business was high-performance computers.
In addition, the company's other business, such as software development and system integration, storage, etc., has expanded over 16 years, and the software-type business ratio has increased. It can be expected that future companies will have major business points. Both the company's Māori sales rate and net interest rates have decreased, mainly because of the company's upstream supplier, Samsung.
The price of the chip rises, and the server’s Maori rate is squeezed. But companies’ high-performance computer operations continue to support an 18% annual increase in corporate growth.
In the area of artificial intelligence, the State Council issued the New Generation of Artificial Intelligence Development Plan in July 2017, which strategically deployed the development of artificial intelligence and set the goal of a three-step process.
In the first half of 2016, a joint UNDP department launched a three-year action programme on “Internet+” artificial intelligence, which explicitly aims to foster the development of new artificial intelligence industries, promote smart product innovation in priority areas, and improve end-product intelligence, and the government will provide funding, standards systems, and knowledge.
In December, the State Council published the National Development Plan for Strategic and Emerging Industries, the 13th Five-Year National Informatization Plan, which includes the development of artificial intelligence.
Nationally produced chips: In January 2011, the State Council launched a number of policies to further encourage the software industry and the integrated circuit industry. In June 2014, the State Council launched the National Integrated Circuit Industry Development Promotion Programme. The development of the national production chip was further explained: the integrated circuit industry is at the heart of the information technology industry and underpins economic and social development and security.
In its March 2015 report on the work of the government of the State Council, integrated circuits were listed as a strategic and emerging industry in support of development, and an emerging industry steering fund was established. In March 2016, the State Council launched the 13th Five-Year Development Plan for the Integrated Circuit Industry.
It points out that core products such as generic processors, storage units, etc., need to be designed and produced autonomously, and that industrial ecosystems have been formed initially, investing in the development of integrated circuit design industries that are actively developing integrated circuit products. The technological advantage is clear, with Top 100 rankings.
qcserver, the first full-scale cloud security machine released on dawn is another global leader in application and support, after our relay secure communications are in the world's forefront in scientific research. qcserver aggregates key tubes based on quantum communications.
The system and the secure operating platform are equipped with a cloud computing operating system based on quantum communications, with a focus on providing cloud computing operating systems and cloud storage service platforms that are integrated with deep-seated quantum communications, as well as providing cloud service solutions based on autonomous intellectual property rights, from the bottom hardware to the top application services, for applications of quantum communications.
In 2016, with the exception of the National Defense Department, which has national and technical advantages, the Centre for the Study of Computers and Associations (the acquisition of ibmx86 server operations) accounted for four of the top ten.
For nearly three years, China’s high-performance calculations have led to a rapid increase in revenue from high-end computer software development, system integration, and technology services, providing infrastructure support for the company’s layout of the ai product line. China’s high-performance calculations are already in place.
We predict that China’s accumulated linpack performance will reach 1,000 pflops between 2017 and 2018. In recent days, China’s Xiaoqing has launched a project to develop a class-e super-calculatory prototype, which will have a significant impact on the development of artificial intelligence, and the field of high-performance computing applications has covered artificial intelligence and in-depth learning, life and life.
In many fields such as science, Earth systems, engineering calculations, industrial simulations, meteorological oceans, petroleum exploration, environmental monitoring, etc., the ratio of high-performance computing systems applied to emerging areas is now increasing. Strategies and policies such as “innovation drive”, “intellectual make-up” and “diversification” proposed in the 13th Five-Year Plan, and the achievement of their objectives, are all designed and implemented in such a way as to make them work.
This augurs well for a huge domestic market space in the emerging fields of deep learning, big data, and, on the one hand, in traditional areas such as high-end manufacturing and manufacturing, the prospect of a high-end computer product series and programme design will continue to grow well in the coming years.
According to idc, global data aggregates have maintained a high rate of growth at a compound rate of about 50 per cent per year. By 2020, global data aggregates are expected to reach 40zb, of which our data volume will reach 8.6zb, or about 21.5 per cent.
Data show that our mobile Internet access traffic exceeded 3.8 eb in the last year, an increase of 103 per cent over the same year. The rapid expansion of data poses new challenges for cloud computing, which provides the basis for processing large amounts of data.
2.1 The concept of alternatives to national production has been re-emerged, the demand for domestic servers has grown, the cloud service scene has increased, leading to increased server sales. As cloud services have been enriched, the service model has been recognized by many enterprises, the number of public cloud users has nearly doubled, and private or mixed clouds have been gaining access to large and medium-sized enterprises.
According to a report issued by Sadie's consultant, domestic server sales in 2015 amounted to $49.12 billion, an increase of 14.9 per cent over the previous year, and market sales are expected to reach $871 million by 2018, and the country's information security needs are urgent and the concept of national production replacement is being revisited.
From this point of view, the emphasis placed by the State on information security has contributed to the development of domestically produced servers and, with their high performance and stability, there has been a complete replacement for server products such as ibm, hp, dell, as well as increasing market access for domestic production servers, as a result of the more flexible provision of customized products and solutions to customers.
The total number of servers operating globally is more than 50 million, and the total number of servers operating domestically in the United States has been released. According to public data, the total number of servers in the interior in mid-2013 was about 3 million, compared to China ' s total data, and went to the iioe market for autonomous and controllable domestic servers. According to Saidi ' s consultant, the total number of servers operating in the United States was approximately 3 million in mid-2013.
Server sales amounted to 49.12 billion yuan, an increase of 14.9 per cent compared to 2014, and market sales are expected to be 2.2 light light, amd, cold martial arts by 2018, and strong combined efforts are expected to create a brand new industry. 2.2.1 light light light, amd, x86 self-controllable acceleration.
The company’s products are closely related to enterprise development, moving from research institutes to industry depth applications. In recent days, the “Empirical and User Delivery of the New Generation of Servers at Mid-Sunlight 2017” show displays 26 state-of-the-art servers covering hangars, 1 u, 2 u, tower workstations, gpu, high density, multiple nodes, blade servers, scorpions.
The challenge for a more flexible, in-depth, customized and personalized product will be to achieve self-control over core chips. And because server chips account for the higher cost of servers, domestic server core chip technology is subject to human constraints and drags overall Māori ratios.
Tianjin Sealight works with an amd depth. Intel’s skylake chip is an absolute leader in the high-end server chip market, but the new zen server chip that was introduced in amd in the first quarter of 2017 is no less efficient than skylake.
In 2016, md established a joint venture with Tianjin Ocean Light Advanced Technology Investment Co. Ltd., which authorized it to produce servers, provide X86 chip technology licences and some technical support, and produce chips for sale only in China.
The product is usually ahead of the industry as a whole, and the cost is much lower than the industry's average.
Computers, and into the top ten of Hptop 500, the subsequent 5000a series and 6000a series have used the relevant chip of the amd. In the construction of the city cloud, the dawn works with the amd to build a cloud center without tin. Sealight works with the amd not in the short term.
On April 26, 2016, China held the launch of the Data China Acceleration Plan in Beijing, during which it joined forces to raise the number of real-time analyses.
In March of this year, the College of Central Sciences released the Cold War Neural Network Processor program, the greatest feature of which is applied to deep learning. In the field of advanced learning, the Warfare artificial intelligence chip has a greater advantage than the traditional cpu/gpu in terms of performance, power consumption, and chip size, and is an artificial intelligence computing chip.
China’s cooperation with Xiaoqin and Xiaoqing is an important opportunity for China to create a high point of domination and enhance competitiveness. Together with Xin Xiaoqian, it is expected that more information will be developed on Xin Xiaoqiao’s ichi chips infrastructure, such as high performance computers, cloud servers, etc., which will be used throughout the country to create urban clouds, etc.
Moreover, the strategy of working with Xinjiang will not only help to close the technology in data China, improve the industrial ecology, but will also lay the foundation for the future intelligent age. At the same time, the combined strength of the two sides may well be an important recipe for China’s core to catch up with the world’s standards, and it is hoped that one will be created.
2.3 Cloud services are becoming more and more abundant, creating a “data China” strategy. Cloud computing has always been an important strategy for the dawn, building on existing platforms, using digital information as a supporting point, building a physical digital platform, and providing unique services based on the platform. Dawn has now built and deployed more than 10 units in the country.
Large cloud computing centres, including one of the most successful Chinese-run super-crystal centres in Shanghai, and China’s first enterprise-invested and commercial-operated super-cloud computing centre: the Chengdu Cloud computing centre. With a great deal of resources and applications, dawn has become one of the leading cloud service providers in the country.
In 2016, the company launched the “Data China Acceleration Plan” which clearly sets out two strategic objectives: “Accelerating network layout, accelerating data compilation” and actively promoting the “Data China” strategy, using the “Inventive Cloud Chain” as a tool.
The project, an innovative initiative in the industry to develop urban cloud centres with brand chains, and to recruit “city partners” throughout the country, has significantly accelerated the number of landfalls in the city cloud centres. Ten years of sharpening and casting the “city cloud” brand.
The first city cloud computing centre. The dawn company, without security of earnings, funded the construction of a “city-level number, according to the resource service platform”, which created the prelude to a change in the management model of large-scale computing centres. From dawning city cloud 1.0 to the present, at 3.0, the data will be connected, exchanged, the data will be analysed, and the intelligent applications built and expanded.
Plan 4.0 of the paragraph, which, in the big data age, provides guidance and impetus to intelligent urban planning through the development of data resources, analysis and processing based on existing government data and applications, is the real meaning of building urban clouds, and more so the real value of sharing data.
The steady advancement of the Urban Clouds has opened the way for data-making in China. Since 2009, companies have been investing in the construction and operation of urban cloud computing centres in 22 cities, namely Chengdu, Nosi, Nanjing, Beacon, Harbin, Yichang, Urumqi, Xiao. In 2016, there were more than 30 urban clouds.
In the future, Dawn has joined more than 30 partners to form the "China Smart City Industry Consortium" by bringing together several listed companies to form industrial investors and to join a group of partners in technology, regions, investments, and support local government and corporate client-building.
With the spread of intelligent cities, “Data China” will become a national, local, and into a new chapter in history. Assuming that the storage industry is growing at a combined rate of 20% per year, the server industry is growing at a rate of more than 15% per year.
Assumption 2: Tianjin Sealight, which works with md, will land its products in the next year and will be released within the next two years, and assumption 3: Data China’s strategy will move forward in the next few years in line with corporate expectations and will complete the construction of 50 urban clouds next year.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income for companies for 2017-2019 as follows: The industry is the most important, core and technically difficult industry with autonomous control in the country, and it is a sector with a high strategic positioning, and we look forward to it in the long term. Given the current overvaluation, the first coverage, the rating is not given.
1) Urban cloud propulsion or failure to meet expectations: 2) chip development or failure to meet expectations; 3) landing, sale or otherwise of sealight products;
4) The risk of increased competition in the market and a further reduction in server Maori rates; 5) the risk of lower capital market risk preferences. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.