Three-quarterly review of the difference: the quality of the asset is good.
In terms of income structure, interest income is the main driver of income growth and benefits from the firm’s own debt-side advantage (higher share of deposits versus financial markets).
In terms of fees and commissions, overall performance is stable, and in terms of asset position, the overall negative rate has been on a downward path for the last two years, and the negative rate has continued.
In view of the bank’s advantage at the end of the liability, the current valuation is low, with recommendations for investment with “buy-in.” The first three quarters saw a 6.1% increase in net profit yoy and robust performance: three quarterly reports by construction banks, 214.1 billion net gains by 2018 and 6.4% gain by yoy, with 3q rising by 6.6%, largely in line with performance.
Net interest income from interest differentials up: at the income side, net operating income for the first three quarters increased by $500 billion, while at the yoy side increased by 5.94 per cent, of which net interest income increased by $36.57 billion, and at the yoy side by 9.7 per cent, contributing to the growth of off-the-shelf assets that grew at the income end.) At the non-interest side, total investment income increased by 15.7 billion.
The product portfolio has increased significantly over the same period last year, mainly as a result of the impact of ifrs 9, classified as an increase in financial assets measured at fair value and whose changes are accounted for in current gains and losses.
Products such as e-banking, trusteeship and other trustees are well developed. Institutional investors continue to improve their share of circulationa and the provision coverage is further improved: in terms of asset status, as of 302018 no
There is sufficient capital, without worry: the core capital adequacy rate of 3q2018 was 13.3 per cent, 13.9 per cent and 16.2 per cent, respectively, up from the first half of the year, and this is a solid foundation for building follow-up development.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: As one of the four major lines, the firmness of the company's operations has a certain advantage in the current regulatory context: a high proportion of end-of-debt deposits (80% of interest-paying liabilities), a low level of reliance on inter-operability liabilities, and a better response to market interest rate fluctuations.
In the context of increased prices and lending, it is believed that future corporate interest income will continue to grow at a faster rate.
Figure: Bad rates and coverage of the provision in recent years (%): Cost income ratio decreased (%): Capital adequacy of the Bank in recent years (%)