The performance of the 2022 tri-quarter report was in line with expectations, the Hpv vaccine was maintained fast, the Vantaa (60392) was deducted from the mother ' s net profit of $3.848 billion, an increase of 233.25 per cent over the same period, and net cash flows from operating activities
The performance of the 2022rd quarter is up to expectations. Performance is on the ceiling, with the 2022q3 company earning 2,721 million yuan, an increase of 66.71 per cent in the same year, a net profit to the mother of 1,251 million yuan and a rapid increase in the same year.
The impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the company ' s revenues and profits from the new coronary raw materials and the new coronary tester ' s 2-priced Hpv vaccine have increased rapidly and the profitability of the vaccine continues to increase. According to the Central Court of Justice, the company issued a total of over 200 batches of 2-price hpv vaccine in the first three quarters of 2022, 2021
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company ' s Māori ratio was the highest in history. In the first three quarters of 2022, the cost of company sales, management costs, management costs, etc.
In recent days, the company, in collaboration with Xiamen University and the University of Hong Kong, has completed a mid-term master data analysis of the clinical trials in Xiamen, and has obtained key data which, as of the date of this critical data analysis, actually entered the group of 3,1038 people monitored.
Based on the results of the current experiment, the overall negative response rate for vaccine and placebo control groups was 12.4 per cent; all new cases of hospitalization and above (who rate 4 and above, including severe conditions as defined by the National Drug Control Service) were in the placebo group, with a new nose sprayed crown.
In line with the programme, the absolute protective effect is 55% for 3 months after the vaccination of the new crown vaccine, 82% for 6 months after the vaccination of the new crown vaccine, and the population over 60 years of age.
The effect of protection is no less effective for people aged 18-59. The results of the genotypes of the completed sequenced end-cases show that they are imicron strains, including ba.2 (42%), ba.4 (39%) and ba.5 (18%), indicating that the new nose-jet vaccine can provide good protection for covid-19 from imicron infection.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. is strong and, at the same time, secure.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing: Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We expect the company ' s operating income for 2022-2024 to be a risk factor: the spread and marketing of the Hpv vaccine is below expectations and product development is below expectations.
\triangleright, \triangleright, team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai University of Transport University, worked in clinical coro in ppcca and paraexel, 2021, joined the Sinda Portfolio, in charge of cxo industry studies.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
In April, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical equipment and the Chinese medicine plate industry. Zhao Shuang, a member of the team, a bachelor's degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, and a master's degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University. Two years of experience in the securities industry. In 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.