Three-quarter reviews in 2022: high performance rates, excellent data on the new crown vaccine, continued release of core products, and high growth in corporate performance. Companies achieved rapid growth in revenue collection and net profits in the first three quarters of 2022.
The company worked with Xiamen University, Kaori University, 52 weeks of the highest/lowest price.
(ca4-deins1) Rbd gene sequences constructed to insert the protective antigens of the new coronary virus in the body to reduce the toxic viral carrier vaccine. In November 2021, global multi-centre 111 clinical studies were launched in countries such as South Africa, the Philippines, Colombia, Viet Nam and elsewhere, with a total of 31,000 recruits, with medium-term data:
The new nostril vaccine has a protection effect of 55% for people with no immunization history for three months, 82% for people with a history of immunization for six months after intensive immunization, 100% for hospitalization and above, and not less than 18-59 years of age for persons aged 60 and over.
The results show that the imicron strains, including ba.2 (42 per cent), ba.4 (39 per cent) and ba.5 (18 per cent), show that the new nose-sprayed crown vaccine can provide good protection for covid-19 from imicron infection, while at the same time providing good safety.
Project construction fell short of expectations; R & D pipelines did not progress as expected or at risk of failure.
Policies, the small age group “two needles” have a differentiated advantage, with a whopq certification followed by a three-quarterly review of Vantaa-603392-2021: high performance growth, core varieties Logo and Nepal obtained listing permits and products took a solid first step out of the sea; and the impact of the new coronary epidemic at sea and beyond.
The company's reagent and active raw material revenues are expected to increase robustly, and we maintain a profit margin for the company, given that the commercialization of the new crown vaccine is influenced by a number of factors such as the global epidemic, national vaccination strategies and regulatory approvals.
Core products continue to be released, and corporate performance continues to increase at a high rate. During the first three quarters of 2022, companies achieved a revenue of 86.51 billion yuan (+14.1 per cent), resulting in a net profit of 3,944 million yuan (+232 per cent) from the mother and 3,848 million yuan (+23.3 per cent) from the non-net profit. 229 batches (+118 per cent) were issued, core products continued to be released, and corporate collections and net profits grew rapidly.
Figure 2: Revenue from the single season of Vantaa biology and the rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) The profitability and cost rate have continued to improve. The sales of Māori in 2022q1-3 companies achieved a sales rate of 89.6 per cent (+3.5 pct), a net interest rate of 45.6 per cent (+12.5 pct), mainly due to a significant increase in the share of proceeds of high Māori vaccine plates.
Figure 5: Māori in Vantaa, changes in net interest rates, Figure 6: Changes in biocosts in Vantaa
The Office of the National Patriotic Health Movement Committee and the Office of the Healthy China Action Promotion Committee issued a circular on the launching of a pilot project on innovative models for the development of healthy cities for the promotion of healthy China, with a clear focus on the promotion of maternal and child health and the prevention of cervical cancer in action to combat cancer, with a national selection of selected cities
The company has completed clinical field work on a 9-priced Hpv vaccine and the Jada 9-to-1 trial, data analysis statistics are under way, and clinical trials for small age group bridges have been completed; traditional dry water pox detoxification exercises have been completed; vaccines have obtained a ii clinical summary report for the ii phase; and new dry water pox detoxification vaccine (vzv-7d) is being implemented iib
The company, in collaboration with Xiamen University and Hong Kong University, developed a new nose-sprayed vaccine in a double-reduced seasonal influenza virus (ca4-de1ns1) to insert the rbd gene sequence of the protective antigens of the new coronal virus to a life-retarded virus vector vaccine, via the nose.
Aerosol vaccinations to prevent diseases caused by new coronary virus infections. A global multi-centre iii clinical study was launched in November 2021, and clinical trials were conducted in countries such as South Africa, the Philippines, Colombia, and Viet Nam, counting adults aged 18 years and over (based on history of new coronary virus vaccinations and previous vaccinations).
Age stratification: 31,038 inoculations of 0.2 ml dose per dose and 0/14 in 2 doses per dose, as of the date of critical data analysis: Validity: new coronal cases of hospitalization and above in all subjects (who scores 4 and above, including the country)
For those with a history of immunisation, the new coronary vaccine is protected at 100%. In line with the program, the absolute protection is 55% within three months of the immunisation of the non-immunized population; for those with a history of immunisation, the absolute protection is guaranteed within six months of the enhanced immunization of the new coronary vaccine.
Care is 82%; the protection of persons aged 60 and over is no less effective than those aged 18-59 years. The final sequenced cases with the genetic specs show that they are all imicrons, including ba.2 (42%), ba.4 (39%) and ba.5 (18%), indicating that the new nose-sprayed crown vaccine can produce good covid-19 as a result of the imicron infection.
Good protection Safety: both vaccine and placebo control teams have an overall adverse response rate of 12.4 per cent, built below expectations; R & D pipelines are not progressing as expected or at risk of failure, etc.
The company's core product, Hpv vaccine, is marketed quickly and benefits from free inoculation policies in the country. The small age group “two needles” has a differential advantage, obtains a listing permit from Morocco and Nepal, and the product takes a solid first step out of the sea; the company reagents and active raw materials are affected by the new domestic and foreign coronary epidemic.
The revenue is expected to increase robustly; the clinical data for the offshore iii phase of a new nose-spray vaccine is excellent, considering that the commercialization of the new crown vaccine is influenced by a number of factors, including the global epidemic, national immunization strategies and regulatory approvals, leaving aside the performance of the new crown vaccine, we maintain a profit forecast for the company, which is expected to run from 2022 to 2024.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject