The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre has maintained high growth and the global flagship has been strong. In the medium-value forecast, the firm is expected to be strong for 22 years.
The current revenue of $4.79 billion is an increase of 30 per cent: a net return profit of $2.17 billion is expected to be realized. The same gain is expected to result in an increase in the competitiveness of company conference products, effective market expansion, robust growth in harvests and a higher increase in the dollar in the first three quarters of profit, with higher rates of equal growth and higher net interest rates.
The company continues to improve the full-scale meeting product matrix, and for 22 years it launched the "meetingboard" 4k smart screen, smart recorder,
New hardware items, such as bh7x Bluetooth Headphones, have also been upgraded with the introduction of the unified communications solution ume and the new version of the Billion League platform, and the competitiveness of companies' soft and hard products has continued to improve. Companies, as leading hardware manufacturers, are also increasing their cooperation with downstream cloud conference makers.
The first and most comprehensive hardware manufacturers are certified in the telemarket share of telephones, in addition to close cooperation with cloud producers, such as troupe conferences, zooms, nail conferences, flybooks, etc. Cooperation with cloud producers can create synergies and further increase the market share of corporate products.
• Widely and vertically expand the product matrix, allowing the landscape to grow in the long term. The company's focus on one area of communication, starting with the tipphone, has now formed three main product lines: desktop terminals, meeting room terminals, personal terminals.
A horizontal expansion of product price ranges has led to penetration into high-end markets. For five years, the company has been connecting the global market to the pip&sip, number 1 (frast&sullivan), and the 21-year videoconference system, number 5 (idc), with the product line markets continuously increasing.
100 million network (300,628). The panorama product matrix is still perfect, global flagship performance is high, market capacity continues to expand at the market stage, while companies achieve market power with leading product power year by year.
2022-10-28) 200 million federated networks (300628): performance exceeded expectations, “Cloud 300 million network (300628): epidemic acceleration uc market”
The expansion, the winding of the sip (2022-04-18) has not been, nor will it be, obtained, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.