Event: Promotional road announcement, proposed to co-finance 2,683 million yuan for the establishment of the recruitment road (00165) in conjunction with the related party Zhejiang Hangang
The joint venture also acquired 60% of the Yong-Lun high-speed stock; the fully-owned company ' s excellent holdings are proposed to spend $4.412 billion to buy 100% of the capital company, China.
1) Overview of events: The company proposes to co-finance 2,683 million yuan with the related party, Hangyang Zhejiang, to establish a joint venture with the capital company Zhejiang River Transport Holdings Limited and to acquire 60 per cent of the shares of the Hunan Young Blue Highway Company, of which each party will contribute 50 per cent, or 1,342 million yuan, and the purchase and payment funds will be its own.
Speed road, which is an important component of the backbone of the Hunan highway, which is 145.157 km long, was built in December 2012 for a 30-year period of operation. 3) Acquisition of value: the company actively seized investment opportunities in the road industry, first controlling the capital of the Hunan region.
Qualitative road production, on the one hand, helps to optimize the strategic layout of the location, and on the other, the companies that benefit from both mature road operations and superior geographical location, either after acquisition or by increasing their performance. The proposed acquisition of 100% of the capital stock in China is expected to increase the company’s performance.
1) Overview of the events: The company ' s subsidiary ' s Quaker Holdings proposes to spend $4.412 billion to acquire 100 per cent of the equity of Roadway (China) Capital Limited to pay for its own funds and bank loans. 2) Targets: Roading (China) Capital is mainly engaged in investment, development, development of highway projects.
One million yuan, or 8.4 per cent in 2022, was invested in operating four roads under the current flag: it expired in November, as part of the main backbone of Hebei Province and the Ring Sea Region, and began at the border between Hebei Province and Tianjin City.
(b) 43.17 per cent of interest and 50 per cent of income: approximately 63 kilometres in length, two-way four lanes, which expired in April 2026, with the link between Changsha and Yiyang, the Governor
(a) The main channel of the Sha-Chang family;
Transport, also an important hub connecting the Beijing-Kunming high-speed;
The end of the operation in March was the shortest route to developed cities along the long-triangular coast, such as Shanghai. 3) The acquisition of 100% of the capital stock of the company is expected to increase road property rights 119.24 km, the average fee for the four major road products is 12.85 years.
When the land is purchased, it is expected that the company will be able to make a considerable increase in profits.
The company is a leading platform for road operations with strong \alphas, and we continue to see two main growth factors: 1) in road ownership, the company maintains a more active asset buy-and-take pace of high-quality targets vis-à-vis its peers, and its own established road product is younger than its peers, and is therefore expected to contribute to an overperformance acceleration;
2) In the case of road industry chain operations, companies are able to deploy intelligent transport and transport technology operations with a relatively wide scope for external export. Therefore, on the basis of the new policy catalyst for the road industry, we believe that the company has a clear growth in relative industry, or that it may enjoy a certain margin of appreciation.
Profit projection and investment rating: assuming that the section of the road block only takes into account established road assets and not for the time being \triangleright high-speed public fund-raising reits project, proposed acquisition of Road Jing (China) Capital Limited
100% equity matters and the proposed establishment of a company with a related party, Zhejiang Hangang, to buy Hunan Young-Long double and 8.7 times. We believe that the company has a distinct growth in the industry or is entitled to a certain value premium, with the first “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: less than expected investment in road construction; impact of road rate policy; less growth in traffic \triangleright left to Ming Ming, Ph.D., registered consulting (investment) engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, China University of Mines
Member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society and of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association, who worked for more than 10 years on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Planning and Coal Worker
In June 2016, the U.S. Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre was set up to study the coal sector. From 2019 to date, it is responsible for research on large energy panels.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.