The company's acquisition of 2% of the firm's equity will result in the company's acquisition of 2% of the company's equity.
An overview of the events: the company held 49 per cent of the iron shares in the original offer, while the remaining 49 per cent of the target companies were in the same position.
2% of the shares are held by Sino-Metro-Travel and SWI investments respectively. The company proposes to make 2% of the iron shares in the acquisition of SWI investments at a price of up to $291 million.
The company's investment is owned by 11 road projects, 10 highways are controlled and 10 highways are managed. The company participates in the management of one highway, distributed in Shandong, Henan, Sichuan, Xiaochuan, and Xiao.
Seven provinces (direct city of Guangxi, Yunnan, Chongqing) with a total mileage of 958 G3) have acquired the value of the 11 highway projects financed by the company and recruited by the company, which are part of the core backbone of the highway network, with excellent quality of assets, growth and overall profitability.
More powerful. When the company acquires 2% of the equity of the firm ' s suppliers, it will achieve an increase in the size of the company ' s assets, operating income, total profits, net profits, etc., which is important for the healthy development of the company ' s main business and will be productive for the company ' s improved performance.
During the year, the pace of acquisition and acquisition of high-quality assets continued and the capacity of the national roadway operating platform was built up. In 2023, the pace of corporate asset consolidation was positive. It was linked to Guangzhou Vietsoo Group Ltd. at the beginning of the year. In November 2023, an announcement was announced that 2,683 million yuan would be co-financed with the related party Zhejiang Hangang.
A joint venture, Zhejiang River Transport Holdings Ltd., and a 60% buy-in on the Hunan Young-Blue Highway, was set up, in addition to the $4.412 billion proposed to be invested in the purchase of 100% of the capital of China Building Limited.
The year’s high-quality asset buy-and-take boom has been sustained, with the build-up of the high-speed public fund-raising reits project, which is expected to increase profitability and upgrade the business model. Road operations have a long-term platform, with high growth premiums expected to highlight.
The company is a leading platform for road operations with a strong alpha, and we continue to see two major growths: 1) In terms of road owners, the company maintains a more active asset buy-and-take of high-quality targets than its peers.
(b) Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, which is expected to contribute to the acceleration of excess performance due to the pace of production of its own roads relative to its peers;
2) In the case of road industry chain operations, companies are able to deploy intelligent transport and transport technology operations with a relatively wide scope for external export. Therefore, on the basis of the new policy catalyst for the road industry, we believe that the company has a clear growth in relative industry, or that it may enjoy a certain margin of appreciation.
Profit projection and investment rating: assuming that the section of the road block only takes into account established road assets and not for the time being \triangleright high-speed public fund-raising reits project, proposed acquisition of Road Jing (China) Capital Limited
The impact of 100 per cent equity matters, the proposed joint establishment of a company with the related party Zhejiang Hangang, the acquisition of 60 per cent of the stock of Hunan Young-Long High and the 2 per cent of the iron equity of the proposed acquisition recruit, we expect the company to have a risk factor: less than expected investment in road construction; impact of road rate policy; less growth in the traffic flow
\triangleright, Dr. D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager, Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation (CIEAC) Expert Pool, Chinese Price Association Coal Prices
Member of the Commission, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, for more than a decade, for research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, and for more than a decade, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Programme, the revision of the coal industry's technical policy and enterprise-related advice, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.