The Bulls Group (603195) light manufacturing, the product layout is gradually improving, and the channel advantage is further consolidated at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
(a) Summary of performance: companies published their annual 2020 report, which achieved income of 10.5 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 0.1 per cent over the same period;
The net return to the mother increased by 29.7 per cent and the net profit to the non-mother increased by 670 million yuan, or 33.7 per cent, while the company issued a quarterly report, which generated a revenue of 2,57 billion yuan for the 21q1 battalion, an increase of 50.7 per cent in the same year; and the net profit to the non-mortality to the mother increased by 560 million yuan, or 177.6 per cent in the same year.
Quarterly performance increased significantly over the same period, 20 years and 19 years. The Māori rate was quickly repaired and cost control was excellent. The overall Māori rate for companies was 40.1% in 2020, a decrease of 1.3 pp compared to the same year, mainly due to changes in income guidelines, with transportation costs adjusted to operating costs.
(+1.2 pp); Māori for smart electrician lighting, 43.2 per cent (-3.7 pp), mainly as a result of led lighting products, wall switches and plugs, which were more affected by the epidemic in the first half of the year; Māori for digital accessories, 22.4 per cent (-2.3 pp), and Māori for digital accessories products, which declined mainly as a result of the company’s Māori rate for this type of product
Low product lines, companies are trying to drive up sales by adjusting product location. In terms of cost rates, this is a decrease of 2.1 pp, mainly due to the company ' s reclassification of freight costs under the new income guidelines to the main operating costs; management costs are 4.3 per cent, an increase of 0.5 pp over the same period. The increase in management costs is mainly due to the company ' s intangible assets.
Increased amortization and amortization of the restrictive equity incentive scheme in 2020; 4 per cent R & D cost; interest income from annual deposits increased from the previous period. Combined, net corporate interest rates were 23 per cent, an increase of 0.1 pp compared to the previous period. In addition, net cash flows from corporate operations were $3.44 billion, an increase of 49.6 per cent.
Billion dollars, corresponding to the same period in 19th year - 5 million yuan, mainly due to investment funds received in the current year. 2021q1, the company is mainly the result of the control of corporate sales costs and the small expenditure on research and development in the first quarter, the 21q1 net bull group (603195): significant repair of performance, canals
The stock incentive program defines the interests of the core workforce and highlights long-term development confidence. The company issued a 2021 restricted Bulls Group (603195): recovery of demand and recovery performance.
The equity incentive scheme, which is proposed to award a limited stock of 693,000 shares, accounted for 0.1 per cent of the total corporate equity at the time of the draft incentive announcement (2020-08-19) and the multi-channel co-generation of new opportunities (2020-08-19) and the incentive scheme awarded a total of 547 persons, including core highs.
Tier managers (including directors, senior managers), other senior managers and core cadres. 21-23 year performance assessment criteria for unsaled sales were 2021/2022.2023 years of business income or net profit-less core electricity-connected product operations are growing steadily, and smart electrician lighting operations are expected to pick up during the reporting period.
Business growth has been steady. Business growth has been steady. Business income from private electricians in the main business has been $10.2 billion, a decrease of 5.7 per cent. Smart electricians have earned $4.05 billion, a decrease of 8.3 per cent, a decline from the same year.
Ming achieved business income of $330 million, an increase of 44 per cent over the same year, mainly as a result of the company’s introduction in 2020 of new products such as appliances (including bathhouses, chillers, gas fans, fan lights, etc.), circuit breakers, smart homes (including smart switches, and multiple smart door locks).
Revenues of $420 million, an increase of 17 per cent. Thanks to the company ' s strategic layout around fast chargers, tws headphones, increased investment in research and development of digital accessories, which is expected to increase at a faster rate, with an increase in the city ' s share, and the stock of company electricity connections and smart electricians ' lighting, respectively, in 20 years.
• Full release of channel advantages and promotion of fine marketing. During the reporting period, companies further established toc, tob
There are two main marketing systems, which identify complementarities and complementarities between the hardware channels, decorative channels, digital channels, and on-line power lines. With regard to end-of-the-art channels, companies have successfully developed more than 8,000 shops, and traditional top-of-the-art hardware channels, around the demand of consumers for one-stop purchases, to promote the specialization and integration of decorative channels.
(c) Digital channels continue to diversify and collaborate with brand-based mobile phone manufacturers; at the same time, efforts are being made to develop modern networks such as supermarkets, convenience stores, etc.
The company has been working with over 20 Top strategic housing companies in 20 years, including the Polytechnic Development, the Creative Group, the Goldfield Group, the Construction Real Estate, and the company has been active in opening up the home-dressing company to close to 30 companies.
National and regional decorative companies have established solid cooperation; electric power channels have been active in full-grade, digital marketing, full-scale online branding, product distribution and marketing by means of digital platforms such as tremors, mini-red books, micro-letters, microblogging, etc., with company converters and wall switches continuing to hold in the Skycat market in 2020.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.