Bulls Group (603195): Good performance, warmth, opening up new products, Bulls Group.
The Bulls Group Inc. was founded in 1995 with an increase of 0.11 per cent in 1995; the mother's net profit of $2.313 billion, an increase of 0.42 per cent in the year; and the Division's focus is on converters, wall switches and plugs.
Research and development, production and marketing of civilian electrician products, including, inter alia, transformers (i.e. extension wire plugs, mobile plugs, etc.), wall switches plugs, led lighting, digital accessories, etc.
The q1 q1 income increase in 2020 and the connection and extension of electricity were widely applied to households and quickly recovered from the epidemic. The electricity connection/smart electrician lighting/digital fittings income increased at a rate different from that of 2020.
Lighting products are linked to home improvement activities and are more affected by the epidemic, and it is estimated that in 2021 q1 was significantly indebted and cross-share presentations: recovery; digital accessories products benefited from product innovation and access development, with a volume increase.
Given the cost-bearing transport costs of the new caliber, which account for about 2% of the revenue, the company’s Māori ratio has risen as compared to the previous year, or is due to the efficiency gains of the refined production.
One of the moats is the foundation of the company’s civil power industry’s ecological strategy. The company is still consolidating the advantages of the channel and is actively building new channels.
(b) Digital channels: continuous diversification of channels, upgrading of the quality of door shop operations and increasing the number of mobile phone operators
\triangleright \triangleright upgrades the distribution and distribution mode digitally; b-end channel: build professional service capacity with more than 20 top houses, nearly 30 well-known
\triangleright electrician channel: full branding and product distribution using platforms such as shivering, small red books, micro-letters, etc. \triangleright
Based on the advantage of the channel, the new product is expanded along the three main tracks. With the strong edges of the civil power industry, and the mature experience of expanding the channels, companies have been able to follow electricity connections, smart electrician lighting, digitals, etc.
The three main tracks of the fittings are constantly introducing new types of goods to win a more disaggregated market share. In parallel with the continuous roll-out of converters, wall plugs, led light and digital component innovation products, the company has developed new items such as decorative lamps, bathhouses, smart door locks, tws headphones, etc., and will explore new energy car connections, smart people.
S1480510001 is a new area. The new product category is expected to build on the synergies of the channels, in terms of brand influence and product innovation skills Research Assistant: Changjai
The need for diversified goods and channels, and continuous innovation in products, requires a strong supply chain capacity on the part of leading firms. Companies continue to upgrade their manufacturing, automation, and information-based levels, with significant improvements in the productivity of each product category.
Eastern financial and intellectual resources should be 43.9, 38.4 and 34.6, respectively, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Bulls Group (603195): A smooth recovery of performance and improved access to new products
In the past, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.