Corporate rating report Retail industry Core business electrical connection products growing robustly, 2101 wise Bulls Group (603195.sh)
The electrician's lighting sales have been restored, recommended for the first time to cover the company's operating income of $10.51 billion for the year 2020, a year-on-year increase.
The company achieved operating income of 2,574 million yuan in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 86.57 per cent in the same year and a net profit of 607 million yuan in the parent company, an increase of 256.17 per cent in the same year;
Net cash flow net of $356 million. 20 years of steady expansion in the size of electricity-connected products based on brand and channel advantages, with companies achieving total operating income of $10.51 billion in 2020, up from the same period in the previous year
From a product point of view, in 2020, there was a recalibration of calibres, electricity-connected products (converters, electric duct tape, wiring, coupling, etc.)/smart electrical lighting products (wall switch plugs, led lighting, circuit breakers, life appliances, intelligence, etc.)
Digital component products (digital accessories, digital gift boxes, etc.) have been achieved separately. Brand and hardware channel advantages have remained steadily growing, with contributions in the main business having increased by 3.04 percentage points to 55.37 per cent compared to the previous year, offset by growth in their size.
The scale of sales of electrician lighting products has decreased; the sales of led lighting products and wall switches in smart electrician lighting products have been more affected by the epidemic, leading to a decline in the year-round, with the share in the main camp falling by 3.64 percentage points to the same year.
From the point of view of product sales and volume prices, electricity-connected products/smart electrician lighting products/digital accessories produced 420/4.99/037 million products in 2020, respectively, compared to the year-round measurement of the known electrical connection products/smart electrician lighting products/digital accessories products
The average sales price was 12.61/7.77/12.12 pieces, which represented an increase in sales relative to the same period in the previous year, and a positive adjustment of the company ' s inventory of electrical connection products and of light products for intellectuals, both of which experienced a reduction of more than 40 per cent.
With 2,574 million yuan in operating income achieved by 202101, a significant increase from 202001, 201,901 and the increase in the size of the collection of 201,801 was about 175 million yuan. The year ' s increase in size, taken together with historical data, was a significant complement to the contraction of the previous year, and the company ' s sales were largely restored to normal areas.
In 2020, the company achieved a net return of 2.313 billion yuan to its mother, an increase of $111 million over the same period the previous year; and a net return of 2.22 billion yuan to its mother, an increase of $10 billion over the same period the previous year. In 2020, the company recognized a total of $91.61 million in non-recurring gains and losses, an increase of $11.417 million over the same period last year, consisting mainly of $126 million in government subsidies to account for current gains and losses (year-on-year growth).
The out-of-business income and expenditure recorded is $47.9324 million (a decrease of $73.0678 million in the same year). In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved a net return of $607 million, a significant increase of $437 million over the same period last year and $558 million in non-net return of deductions, an increase of $357 million over the same period last year. Of this total, non-recurrent gains and losses amounted to $48.7467 million, an increase of $7,24.38 million over the same period the previous year.
The project does not exist in the current period, with $114 million recorded in the return on investment of financial assets, and a more recent revenue guideline, in which transportation costs incurred for the distribution of customers are shown as sales costs under the original income guideline and adjusted as operating costs after the implementation of the new income guideline as contract performance costs, which has an impact on the company’s Māori ratio.
The Māori rate for the civilian electric industry was 40.06 per cent throughout the year, a decrease of 1.31 percentage points from the same period the previous year; direct material costs for companies were relatively stable by product splitting, and the Māori rate changed mainly as a result of the relatively low level of Māori, which increased the ratio of Māori to Māori, although the level of Māori in the business itself improved consistently, it was still less than the gross amount of intelligent electric lighting produced during the same period.
The impact of the epidemic during the same period mainly affected the sale of led lighting products and wall switches in the lighting of smart electricians, while the wall switches had a higher level of Māori (with data for 2016-2019 at about 46% - 50%) in the content of the plugs, so that their sales could be recovered.
On the other hand, transport costs recorded during the same period in the previous year amounted to $207 million, and the project accounted for operating costs in the current period; management costs were raised from $51 million to $431 million in the same period in the previous year, mainly as a result of the new restrictive equity incentive scheme, which cost $21 million, in addition to employee remuneration at 10.64 per cent during the company period in the previous quarter, down from 7.40 percentage points in the same period last year, down from 4.06 per cent in the same period in 2019.
The cost of depreciation associated with the plan is approximately $2281.10 million. Consumer demand-oriented product R & D innovations are evident, and effective and systematic quality management and control systems are in place.
The company has built forward research, product design, research and development of three-dimensional product innovation systems and teams, innovative applications of new technologies, new materials and new processes, and has launched a large number of designs, appearances, technologies, and digital accessories around “electric connection”, “smart electric lighting” through continuous micro-innovations.
At the same time, companies have, since their inception, positioned themselves to produce high-quality products in order to achieve a high-quality quality of quality, and through reliable product quality, have built a good brand image and reputation in the market. Companies have strictly applied the criteria for the selection of raw materials, procurement, R & D and control of production processes, product testing, after-sale services, etc.
National standards, relevant laws and regulations, and corporate standards are required, and product planning, product design, procurement, bulk production are established.
In keeping with the changing trends of the times, companies have developed a strong marketing system in the area of civil electric power, based on a network of sub-sub-sub-sub-entity marketing networks covering more than 1.1 million sites throughout the country and a professional online electricity marketing network. The company has developed an innovative sales model of “visit distribution” under the sub-line in the area of civilian electric power, with more than 750,000 established throughout the country.
There are over 120,000 specialized construction materials and lighting outlets and over 250,000 digital accessories outlets, which expand distribution points to a variety of locations in cities, villages, shops, shops, professional markets, etc., and which create under-line marketing networks that are more difficult to replicate. At the same time, the company has established a specialized electricity vendor.
The operational team and the more powerful system of online dealers are now fully integrated into leading power platforms such as Skycats, Treasures, Kyundongs, Trade Councils, More Orchestra, which have effectively opened dozens of online authorized distributors, and have been actively engaged in digital marketing, lending assistance to various traffic entrances to achieve “out-of-site flow, site sales”, intelligence data showing that in 2020, the company converters, walls, etc., were opened.
Both types of skycats are the first. The high quality of co-development, both on-line and off-line channels, has enabled companies to build full-cover, multi-layered, stereo-based marketing networks that are uniquely positioned to support the company’s continued development and its continued competitiveness within the industry.
In addition, for more than two decades, the company has maintained a brand distribution model centred on the point of sale, and has consistently and strongly supported distributors by placing at the end point advertising resources such as the head sign of the bull shop, displays and promotional items outside the shop.
The brand has spread to cities, cities, towns, and cities, creating simple yet effective and unique brand dissemination models, increasing corporate brand visibility and reputation, and becoming a well-known public brand. At the same time, companies have continued to enrich brand content through diversification, intelligence, rejuvenation, and new media outreach on the Internet.
Brands are sticky in different consumer groups. From a product perspective, corporate products are diversified, core electricity connections are relatively mature, and products are growing; innovation and research and development inputs are digging deep into potential consumption needs; home-based landscapes and life-forming innovations; and smart electricians are focusing on lighting.
The pre-renovation of user households can meet the growing demand for a one-stop shop in the current consumer market; the digital distribution business is structured around fast charging and tws headphones. From the point of view of the channel, the company has further established two major marketing systems: Toc (over 8,000), Tob (over 20 top strategic housing companies, nearly 30 nationally and regionally renowned decorative companies).
We believe that companies have become absolutely dominant in the area of converters and have infiltrated the rural market, seeing that corporate channels are open to brand support walls, led, and so on.
1. Comparison of profit projections and valuations Table 3: Gross Bull Group revenue split by business, product, and area, 2020 (in billions of yuan, per cent) Table 4: Gross Bull Group revenue split by product, 2020
Table 5: Progress of the Bulls Group on Major Matters to date in the fourth quarter of 2020 4. Tracking of corporate development strategies and business plans
Table 6: Development strategy and business plan tracking in the Bulls Group's annual report 2019-2020
The company focuses on civil electricians and lighting through continuous transformation around electricity connections, smart electricians lighting, and digital accessories.
Renovation, continuous upgrading of product research and development, marketing, supply chains and goods
For a single product to shift to the provision of intelligent home-wide solutions, and to accelerate the internationalization of autonomous brands, both online and offline, the company adheres to a “business lead strategy” around civilian electricians and lighting.
Now operating globally, creating sustainable value for clients and shareholders, in areas where product innovation has high potential, market concentration is low, no absolute leader is present, and a combination of merit is chosen.
In more than 20 years of development, companies have gained a higher market for switchers, wall switches and plugs.
In the direction of industrial development, the company is steadily moving forward with its “smart electrician strategy” around the home fit-up scene, promoting the intelligence of the existing industry.
The ability to upgrade, speed up the expansion of new products such as smart switches, smart door locks, provide consumers with safe, comfortable, convenient, intelligent electricians and lighting solutions, and strive to become home-grown smart electricians and
Lead in lighting. At the same time, the company will make a major contribution to international efforts - in order to successfully meet the 2020 business goal, the company plans to focus on the 1-electric connection business, and the converters will continue to diversify the landscape, meet consumer demand for power and power, and consolidate the plugs.
On the one hand, the focus is on accelerating the end of the data centre and promoting the full range of product rejuvenations and the breakdown of long-tail product collars.
On the other hand, the product application field, which provides users with a safer, fashionable and high-quality product, expands from home to community home and accelerates the charging of electric guns and power posts.
The development and development of products is on the market, leading to the creation of a new-energy auto connection.
In collaboration with top international industrial design masters, create a light set, time, and a smart electrician lighting operation that follows home-loading trends to systemize.
The new product, the accelerated upgrading of product intelligence, the expansion of product leadership, and the use of smart products to meet one-stop consumer demand.
3.led lighting maintains a user-centred approach that addresses user space, widens the smart switch product line and accelerates consumption, while promoting decorative lights and light settings guided by intermittent, behavioural demand.
(a) The exclusive product of the channel to meet the needs of different clients;
Package development. Make full use of existing hardware channels, specialized construction materials, fashions, and build a home-wide chain of product lines. Light sources continue to promote light sources and basic lamps through the advantages of precision and lighting channels.
The Beneaths continue to build high value-for-money products and further enrich engineering products such as light, industrial ore lamps; and the expansion of appliances.
The definition of a cold heating appliance is based on a more sophisticated and fashionable product experience of temperature, dry humidity, atmosphere. At the same time, it accelerates the development of mini-superstrate, intelligently creates high-quality products that enrich the flow-to-the-show bath.
New channels, such as city convenience stores, provide consumers with more intimate shopping lines, global fan lamps, etc.; circuit breakers are positioned as “safe” and continue to enrich the big amber around power leak protection.
5. To accelerate the development of new businesses and promote the healthy development of circuit breakers, embedded products, bathhouses, etc.
Intelligentity has been upgraded to accelerate the spread of smart door locks and the growth of the bull's mind, and the continued enrichment of intelligent home-to-house products has included hands-on, push-and-pull, electrician ecosystems.
6. Further learning from world-class businesses, building up the listing of new items such as the leading bull industry, smart curtain machines and so on, while consolidating capital.
• Change, organizational change and institutional innovation to continuously upgrade the company's business
3. Digital parts operations, maintaining a third-party strategy of excellence, continuous innovation around numbers, fast-loading, audio headphones, and strengthening of head hands
4. Continue to promote changes in decorative channels and speed up the construction of special stores, conglomerates, with wall-opening plugs and led lighting at its core
To take advantage of opportunities, further channels are being developed to build specialized service capabilities, and to upgrade real estate enterprises, the number of customers of domestic garment companies and the transformation of sales.
The power source continues to open up new platforms, keeping pace with changes in consumer purchasing habits, increasing digital marketing, increasing the frequency of exposure and transformation of the platforms, and promoting co-generation across the whole range.
At the same time, promote full coverage of the crm+ai system distributors and upgrade the digital management capacity of the distributors and terminals. 5. Make full use of the advantages of more than 1.1 million end-points throughout the country.
The marketing ads have further enhanced the promotion of brand-specific precisions such as bull decorating switches, bulls love eyes, lighting, while continuing to enrich brand content through digital marketing and raising visibility and reputation.
6. Continuous upgrading of supply chain quality, efficiency and cost-effectiveness, further strengthening of manufacturing technological capabilities such as molds and electronics, and strong support for incubation and intellectual upgrading of new operations;
Digital change to drive the systemization of off-site clouds to build digital bridges for production, inventory, sales and to enhance market compatibility between demand and production supply; through hedging, supply
7. Further strengthening of talent-building and organizational innovation, including through strategic business cooperation, in order to continuously strengthen the procurement of bulk raw materials, and to reduce the volatility of raw materials into the productive belt of companies.
A multi-base layout that effectively integrates talent, technology and supply chain advantages through the construction of the Shanghai and Shenzhen R & D centres; upgrades the professionalism of the public cattle business management systems and continuously upgrades companies
Business innovation and value-creation capacity.1 The risk of a slowdown in macroeconomic growth;1 The risk of a slowdown in macroeconomic growth;
Risks of new business development falling short of expectations; 4 Risks of new channels opening up less than expected; Risk of new channels opening up less than expected; Risks of new channels opening up less than expected; Risks of new channels developing less than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.