The Bulls Group Annual Report (603195) & q1 comments marketing + manufacturing + managerial capacity continues to be strengthened, 21q1 is back on track, and Tsang is back on track.
The company published its annual report for 2020, which generated $10.51 billion, or 0.11 per cent, over the reporting period, as well as a net profit of $2.313 billion for mothers.
This compares with +0.42%, and the year-round performance is in line with market expectations because companies were more affected by the epidemic in the first half of the year. Of this total, 2020q4 received $2.904 billion (youy+16%) and 714 million of the net return profit was recategorized to the operating costs of the main battalion.
Rapid growth. 2021q1 achieved 2,574 million yuan, or 86.57 per cent of the year; net return to the mother 607 million yuan, or +256.17 per cent of the year, excluding the impact of the low base, and 21q1 yielding sales + manufacturing + three-wheel drive of management.
The company established two major marketing systems, toc, tob, over 20 years, to identify synergies and complementarities between hardware, decorations, digital, online power lines, and to strengthen the construction of end-C, end-C, end-C digital channels based on the consolidation of end-C and end-B client-centred groups in the b-channel.
Weaving patterns, which include the development of shop-based clients, such as Paulie, while actively developing home-loading channels; 2) manufacturing adheres to the concept of sophisticated manufacturing, flexible production, taking full advantage of company size and manufacturing advantages; 3) management promotes organizational architecture and business process innovation and promotes performance management
On the whole, the channels, costs, and efficiency advantages that companies have built up over time have been further strengthened. In terms of product-sharing, electricity-connected products have grown steadily, and smart electricians’ lighting operations have been reduced slightly by the epidemic.
Digital components are growing rapidly, and we expect to grow faster by 21 years of a richer product series. The company has adjusted its income splitting caliber for 20 years.
The company will continue to enrich more sticky hardware-type products in the year, while the layout of the end-of-end distribution of edc lysergic lysers will improve. 2020-10-29 Lighting operations will generate $4.06 billion in 20 years, corresponding to 8.3 per cent, of which walled/led/other products will increase at a faster rate.
ii. The Bulls Group (603195): q2 accelerated recovery, reversible consolidation of corporate product sequences, increasing the share of new track products; 3) digital accessories
Channels, Rich Product Lines 2020-08-19, with a revenue of 420 million, compared with 17 per cent in comparison, will continue to spread around products such as tws headphones and multiple power sources in 21 years, and growth is expected to continue at a higher rate.
Beautiful, equity incentives have fallen, the epidemic is short-lived, profit forecasts and investment ratings: considering the upward pressure on raw materials up this year, we've made a small downward adjustment of 20 years of almost equal returns, which is what we expect. The company published its annual report for 2020, and achieved camping during the reporting period.
10.51 billion yuan, or 0.11% of the year; net profit on return to the mother is 2,313 million yuan, or 0.42% of the year, and the year-round performance is in line with market expectations due to the impact of the epidemic in the first half of the year. Of this amount, 2,904 million won in 2020q4 (the decline in the yoy Māori ratio is mainly due to: 1) lower proportions of high-māori fenced products affected by the epidemic; and (2) heavy freight charges.
21q1 income + 87 per cent, profit + 256 per cent, income from the elimination of base factors back on a steady upward trajectory and profit growth fast. 2021q1 achieved 2,574 million yuan, compared to 86,57 per cent, and net return to the mother 607 million yuan, compared to 256.17 per cent,
Excluding the impact of the low base, 21q1 income/profits increased by 16/51 per cent compared to 19q1 income/profits, while profits
Toc, tob, two major marketing systems have been set up, with clear complementarities between the hardware, decoration, digital, and cable channels, strengthening the construction of c-end decorations and c-end digital channels on the basis of solid c-end hardware channels, building a b-end client-centred organizational form, developing top-based customers, including insurance, inclusive, gold fields, and so on.
Active development of domestic loading channels; 2) manufacturing adheres to the concept of sophisticated manufacturing and flexible production, and promotes enrichment, automation and digitalization, such as the completion of 71 lean production lines for conversion plants and the implementation of 128 sw soft automation units for applications with an overall efficiency increase of more than 20 per cent, taking full advantage of the company's size and manufacturing advantages: 3) management
Promoting organizational architecture and business process innovation, performance management change, various types of equity incentive schemes, special talent-holding schemes, etc., while promoting digital change and management efficiency. Overall, firms’ long-established channels, cost, and efficiency advantages are being strengthened.
The company adjusted its income splitting caliber for 20 years, using converters, continued to strengthen its research and development inputs for connection products, promoted product innovation, launched a new basic series (including wood stripes, bipolar plugs, etc.) and launched a series of home-based innovation products, including an orbital plug for the if-if-design award.
The company will continue to tap into customers’ needs in 21 years, with the end-of-the-end distribution of power solutions, new-energy car connections, and the plate is expected to continue with the smart electrician lighting operation, which is expected to grow rapidly due to a small drop in the impact of the epidemic and 20 years of code-tob layout.
Twenty years of open walls, lighting, etc., end demand and channels are affected to varying degrees by the epidemic, 20 years of smart electricians, 4.06 billion dollars, corresponding to 8.3 per cent, 20 years of industrial demand recovery plus company tob power, with the prospect of a fast wall of 2.95 billion dollars, corresponding to 8.0 per cent, and 20q1 of us, due to the low base of the epidemic last year.
It is expected to grow rapidly. 20 years of high-end Piano series of companies are on the market, with the introduction of the first smart wall, the introduction of voice, app and other controls, and the introduction of the concept of “in situ replacement”; and, in the Tob market, the enhancement of platforming, modular design, product flexibility and outreach, and increasing competitiveness.
The Division will introduce exclusive products for the tob channel and promote products such as compact switches, smart switches, etc., with the expectation that the light will generate $770 million in 20 years, compared to 21.7%, with 21q1, which we expect to grow rapidly. The decorating lights will produce more than 20 chips, and the light sources and standard lamps will continue to enrich the product sequences.
Other smart electrician lighting products, such as appliances, circuit breakers, smart homes, etc., earn $330 million in 20 years, compared to +44%, and 20 years of new products, especially smart door locks, switches, etc. in the field of smart household products.
Digital appliance operations are growing faster, with a layout around fast-loading, tws headphones. In 2020, the company generated $420 million, compared to 17%, and in 20 years it launched a series of fast-loaded products and tws headphones, a multi-powered power source, etc.
Products, with growth expected to accelerate further over the 21-year period, will continue to develop and scale up products around these areas. Management efficiency gains, with a significant decrease in cost rates. Companies ' costs fell by 11.26 per cent to 1,314 million yuan in the same year in 2020, while costs fell by 1.67 percentage points to 13.07 per cent in the same period.
The main reasons for the change in the cost of sales were the re-classification of freight costs into the main operating costs, which generated a positive contribution of $36 million; the strength of the cash flow, q1 advance payments + contract liabilities, which increased at the beginning of the year. Net cash flows from operating activities in 2020 were $3.437 billion, higher than profits; cash from selling commodities was $11.512 billion, an increase of 0.42 per cent.
Net flows of $356 million; cash received for sales commodities of $3.1007 billion, an increase of 66.04 per cent over the same period.