On December 10, the company issued "Signiting shares, issuing convertable corporate bonds and paying cash to buy assets and collect and distribute their assets."
\triangleright \triangleright
Prior to the opening of the project on 29 November, the company issued a "Death announcement on the preparation of major asset restructurings" in which it announced that the Consorts of the Three Gorges were planning to inject Utund and White Crane Beach power plant assets into the company. Given that there were 10 aircraft in progress at the White Crane Beach hydroelectric plant, which was scheduled to start by July 2022, the start was about a year earlier than expected.
The company's domestic hydropower installed will be increased by 57.6 to 71.7 million kilowatts by 45.5 million kilowatts, and the annual average generation of electricity is expected to increase from about 200 billion kilowatt hours to over 300 billion kilowatt hours, with the upgrading of the “four-bureau interface” to “six-bacus” .
The bulletin shows that the net assets of cloud water and electricity in 2019, 2020 and 3q21 are 320, 413,53.2 billion yuan, and the net assets at zero and annual injections are about 65 billion yuan, which is three times the value of the Yellow River hydropower replenishment and a hydropower company ' s valuation level, which corresponds to an estimated $15.5 billion; according to our previous calculations, the annual net profits during the steady production period are about 6.5 billion yuan yuan.
The value of large hydropower assets is 30 times greater than that of comparable companies, taking into account the scarcity of large hydropower assets, corresponding to about US$15 billion. From the Jin Sha River to the whole country, wind and light prospects are “infinite” \triangleright
The Division plans for new energy development to be limited to the Kinsha River basin where existing power plants are located, but the operational layout of the affiliates' tri-gorge power (long power generation) has now been extended to the interior of Mongolia, the Guangdong, etc., the future wind, and the potential for light development.
1. Water volatility in the Yangtze River: 2; power supply structure: 3; market consumption affecting electricity prices: 4; fiscal adjustment, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.