20% a month! The market value is 170 billion giants, the world's number one! What's going on? Today, the company that modeled our valuation is special, a famous case of “pulsive shock”.
There has been much discussion about it. The cumulative capital expenditure on the market so far amounts to $28,255 million, while the net profit is only $16,604 million, a capacity to burn money, perhaps to burn money on the Internet, and in a share it is the "real" burner. And behind high capital spending, it is its continued financing, with accumulated fund-raising amounting to $21,8.3 billion.
It's the world's top liquid crystal panel, the king of the real panel. The stock price is so low, it's so volatile, it's like a lion's mouth, and it's so expensive.
This market is plagued by disease, but it has received a lot of praise in the industry. It is it that has led to the break-up of the monopoly of the Japanese-Korean panel, which has reduced the price of the panel from tens of thousands of dollars to thousands, saving the country’s long-term exploitation of Japanese-Korean companies in the colour power, mobile phone industry.
Recently, the Korean paneler, lgdisplay, announced that by the end of 2020, production of the country ' s icd panel would be halted because of the expansion of the production capacity of the mainland manufacturer, which led to lower costs and compressed profit space (from January to October 2019, lgdisplay lost three consecutive quarters).
And this is just a microcosm of the gradual withdrawal of producers like South Korea from competition in the lcd field. And here, before we do the valuation model, there are a few questions worth thinking about: 1) heavy assets, high liabilities, high financing, low returns, if in terms of traditional value investments, such a business would naturally be
But if it's industrial, valuation and growth, it's worth thinking about: the panel business, with a clear cycle, what indicators should it focus on if the valuation model is to be done? (2) How should the panel cycle be prejudged and how would it affect valuation assumptions?
Since November 2019, when it was added to the list of studies, it's been more than a month, and today we've been working on the modelling logic of the panels. For related areas, we've studied the tcl group, Rainbow shares, Huaxin technology, etc., and we've been able to buy a professional version of the valuation report from the elite team.
The value modelling report we have done, the financial model of some of the focused cases, and the in-depth research of hundreds of companies and dozens of industries to think deeply about the essence of the industry. In Tokyo, formerly the Beijing Electronics Control Plant, the main television cams were initially turned into liquid crystal panels and monitors.
The controlling person is the Beijing City State Finance Committee, which holds 11.68% of the shares. In addition, its institutional holdings include such star agencies as China, Iraq, the Tianhong Foundation, and the Silver China Foundation.
Conning (glass-based panels), udc, Tao-Chemicals, lg (luminous materials), alumni-chemicals (optimal panels), tokki (distillation, encapsulation equipment), Asma (visible etching), etc., is the main focus of national production, such as precision electrons, large-scale lasers. Downstream: representative companies: Apples, Samsung, Mi, Huai, Opo, etc., have a wide range of downstream applications.
It is mainly in television (77%), laptops and computer monitors (17%), mobile phones (4%), and new applications such as vehicles, tcl, Hesin, conjectures, apples, etc.
The top five clients accounted for 41.76 per cent, with a higher concentration, and the top five suppliers accounted for 15.54 per cent, which was relatively dispersed, but were more dependent on suppliers because of the global size of the suppliers. The whole liquid crystal panel chain showed a “smilling curve”
Distribution, upstream raw materials and components have high technical content and therefore higher value added; downstream end-users, because of branding and channel advantages, can also gain a certain value added for their products; and intermediate panel manufacturing links, with a lower Māori rate of about 20-30 per cent.
Profit. Looking at a set of base charts compiled by Merger and Merger: the fall, the loss of the case, the negative numbers of roe, roic. 2) In 2008, the data from the global financial crisis, the LCD panel, see here, we have to think seriously about one thing: where should we start if we want to model the case?
Historically, there have been three high rates of revenue growth in Kyoto: in 2003 (134 per cent), 2012 (102 per cent) and 1 — mainly in that year's acquisition of the Korea Modern tft-lcd portfolio, leading to a sharp increase in overall income growth. 2) 2012 — mainly the heating of the demand for panels depressed by the 2009 financial crisis, and the relieving of liquid crystal television.
(b) The policy of discounting and the increased demand for downstream panels, whose production has reached full capacity on the 6-generation line and the 8.5-generation line in Beijing, with a significant increase in income.3) 2016 — as a result of the earthquake in our Taiwan region, the three-star conversion and the sale or closure of traditional tft-lcd production lines by Korean factories, the price of the 32-, 40- and 43-inch television panels rose by as much as 40 per cent in the second half of 2016;
At the same time, we celebrate the 8.5 generation line, the 8.5 generation line in Fuzhou, which combines the 10.5 generation line production, and the volume rise, which has led to a huge increase in income. Taken together, the case is similar to that of the heavy asset-type companies, such as China-Cholel International, the station-loaded electricity, and so the revenue driver comes from the release of productive capacity.
Their income projections will be driven by volume and price splitting, the formula being: panel income = production capacity * capacity utilization * unit prices. Each of the three key factors, we look at separately. The first two are known defined capacity, so that the key needs judge future additional capacity, so how should we predict it?
Formerly, the dominant panel technology was lcd, but, compared to lcd, it did not need backlight sources, filters, deflectors, etc., and was therefore lighter, and had an overriding advantage in contrasts, outdoor visibility, and color fields, which were new display techniques with greater potential after crt, lcd.
In an interview with the media, Wang Dong-jung, former director of the Tokyo East, also said that Kyoto East is in principle no longer investing in the tft-lcd production line, and that future investment will focus on new-generation display technology such as active organic light diodes.
So we need to focus on the future growth of the production capacity of the oled. On the demand side, because of the low quality of the large-sized oled, which is now mainly applied in the small-sized mobile phone sector, short-term drivers will increase the penetration of the oled from the mobile phone sector. According to His, the global demand for oled is about 22 million m2 in 2024.
According to the manufacturer’s planning, the oled capacity is at its peak in the next three years, with an increase of more than 30% per year, and the supply capacity (about 30 million m2 or more) is sufficient to support demand. So, the Yozo team here assumes that no new low-generation oled capacity will be added during this forecast period.
Production and in-progress capacity climbs up the slopes, of which: (a) production lines have been completed, with three main scenarios: (a) production lines below 8 generations (in relation to four production lines: Beijing, Chengdu, Fertilizer, Ordos), which in the long run will probably be the result of a change in production.
Rates are replaced by production lines above 8 generation, where the cost and size advantages are more pronounced, assuming that in the first five years the capacity continues to be maintained 2) there are mainly four production lines of 8.5 generation (involving Beijing, Fertilizer, Chongqing, Fukuzhou), and according to publicly available data, after 2018, the rate of success is almost at its limit (95%), taking into account the 8.5 generation life cycle.
Longer levels will still be maintained, assuming that capacity will continue at 2018 levels over the next 10 years.3 The 10.5 generation line (combined 10.5 generation line) has been completed and, according to public information, the overall good rate in October 2019 has reached 96 per cent, thus assuming that capacity will reach design capacity in 2019 and will remain unchanged for the next nine years.
There are also two scenarios for building capacity: 1) Wuhan 10.5 generation line, which is expected to be completed in q1 by 2020, and given the experience of the Kyoto East on the Fertilizer 10.5 generation line in this case, it can be expected that the life cycle will continue to be shortened, thus assuming that the design energy water will be reached by 2020
2) The `old 6 ' line, which is currently climbing at a good rate, revealed by the Kyoto Eastern Investor Relations Platform that, as of June 2018, the combined good quality rate was 70 per cent below the three stars, assuming a level similar to that of lcd over the next three years, achieving full productivity and remaining unchanged thereafter.
The end-of-life capacity also needs to be addressed in terms of capacity utilization, prices, and these two factors are indispensable, starting with the development of the panel industry, where the industry has a clear cyclical-cyclical driver, which is the time when capacity is built.
Long, leading to an imbalance in supply and demand. The specific chain of transmission is as follows: new generation inputs - panel manufacturers have taken the initiative to reduce their capacity utilization, using the recent cycle, for example, in 2016, Samsung, lig and so on opted to increase the layout of the oled and to selectively close the part.
Icd’s capacity, coupled with the earthquake in our Taiwan region, has led to an oversupply of liquid crystal panels and higher prices, which have led to a recovery in industry. But with the formal launch of the country’s new high-generation panels in 2017 and 2018, the supply was too high, and the liquid crystal panels were back into the next cycle.
So, judging the cycle, capacity analysis is the key. So, the question is: 1) what is the current cycle in place? What is the future? 2) How should the performance rate be determined? 3) In addition to cyclical fluctuations, there is an overall downward trend in these prices, so what is the way forward?
The core of the cycle depends on the supply-demand relationship. 1) At the end of the supply - divided into additional capacity and exit capacity. In terms of new capacity, there was no new production line in 2019.
In terms of capacity exit, as the continent’s lcd capacity increased significantly, panel prices declined, Samsung moved early, and in June 2019, the power of Korea’s 8.5 generation l8-1-1lcd was shut down, and the lg also carried out its 5-, 6-, 7.5- and 8.5-generation panels.
2) Demand-side - 70% of the demand for television panels from a demand point of view. Against the backdrop of a stable annual delivery in the global lcd television market (maintained at 2-250 million in 2013-2017), the demand for panels in the coming years will continue to be large for television, as noted above, where demand is stable, centralized production or capacity exit is key to impacting the cycle, so with this,
In this case, we can also look at the cash flow (i.e., the cost of depreciation and management, sales, R & D costs) because once prices fall short of cash costs, it means that the panel vendor has very little room for profit, and therefore, for reasons of loss control, the enterprise lowers its capacity utilization and thus improves its supply.
This idea, which we used in our research on the Winch shares, depends on the cost of a long liner, and in the Winch study, the entire chain of industry is turning right after its quarterly losses and that of herds.
At present, the mainstream 32-inch panel, and the faster-growing 55-inch panel, are close to the cash cost line, which is one step closer to the end of the cycle. However, this is only the current cyclical position, so how long will the upward cycle last?
The higher the algebra, the larger the size of the panel, the more numerous the screens are cut, the more efficient and cost-effective.” According to the current plans of the various manufacturers, the future distribution of capacity is concentrated mainly on the g10.5/11 generation, mainly the 11th generation line, the Wuhan-Day line, the 10.5 generation line in the east of Kyoto, and the 10.5 generation line in the state of Sharpguang, according to ihs.
It will be concentrated in 2020-2023. With regard to exit capacity, the continued profitability of the lcd panel has made it difficult for the lg (stopping production of the lcd panel in Korea by the end of 2020) and the Samsung, both of which are pushing the product line from lcd to oled and have started production.
It is possible to convert the 8.5-generation line to an od-led television panel in order to avoid the impending mass impact of the 10.5-generation line on the continent. Japan has also announced its withdrawal from liquid crystal panel operations and will end the production of lcd in 2021 as an important turning point in the development of the high-generation panel industry, and the continental panel manufacturer is expected to produce global capacity.
Over the next three years, the industry will remain relatively rigid, increasing at an average rate of about 30%. Future increases will come mainly from the large size of LCD TV, which in the near future will be the sports year in 2020 (Olympics, Eurojins, etc.).
The demand for television will rise, but it is still expected to grow at a low rate of about 3%. Thus, overall, despite the gradual exit of firms like abroad, there is no significant increase in new demand, and the industry is expected to be less able to absorb the huge capacity releases over the next two to three years, with pressure on excess capacity.
Looking at this, it is still short-term logic, so what should the long-term cycle logic look like? To prejudge the course of the next cycle, it is necessary to understand the determinants behind this cycle – the industrial shift.
Year after year, China’s panel producers, represented by Kyodong, China Star, etc., opened up capacity expansion, which is an important factor in cyclical fluctuations. And the driving force of industrial transfers, we see three ways: 1) technological barriers break through and monopolize.
The bottom core technology of lcd has matured 30 years ago, for example, in this case Kyoto East acquired technology through acquisitions, China Starlight, part of the Euphoria from Taiwan, China, Toyota, Band-Aid, etc. (showing that technological substitution is slowing, a-si, ltps, oled, microled, etc. technologies may co-exist in the future and market size depends on value for money);
The country has a huge global television, mobile phone, computer end-market demand, a complete whole-of-the-board module industrial chain, and a number of television and mobile branders like Haishin, Long-Rong, Hua, and others, with the advantages and incentives of localization. The front-line investment in the panels is huge, and new entrants will suffer a huge loss in terms of their ability to climb at an early stage.
Without industrial support and government subsidies, the short-term semiconductors (tft-lcd, amoled, including flexible displays) will continue, as seen in the 13th Five-Year Plan, the medium- and long-term 2020 Plan. In the short-term, there will be no indication of the beginning of the next industrial transfer, and on the basis of the third point above, we believe that,
With no significant change in demand, supply-side capacity exits, and future panel supply and demand ratios tend to balance. Because government subsidies fall back in the future as certain trends, as can be seen in photovoltaic power, new-energy cars, wind power, and government-owned industries.
This analysis is a long-term logic that takes time to validate, or even beyond, the forecast period. So, the lcd industrial cycle analysis ends. Next, we have to determine the capacity utilization factor.
The combined capacity utilization rate of 93.5 per cent was higher than the industry average capacity utilization rate of 88 per cent. This is mainly due to the fact that Kyoto East has three main advantages: 1) Cost: compared to the Samsung, lig, etc., Kyoto East has a first advantage in cost, mainly in terms of labour, materials.
In the supply chain, the three main raw materials of the lcd are: glass-based plates (which have been produced on a scale in the country by electric rainbows, Kae Sein technology, and East Xin Xiao) and glimmers (the tri-line spectros have become a stable supply), and the national production replacement of colour filters (Tung Xing Xing) has gradually reduced their material costs.
2) Technology: Although the technology in this case is still different from that of Samsung and other Korean companies, its R & D investment has a significant advantage in the country. RMB billion, which represents an increase in income from 6.9% to 7.5%, is at the top of the industry. In 2018, its new patent application was 9585, of which more than 38% of overseas patent applications were made, and according to U.S. commercial patent data.
The U.S. patent authorization rose from 21st in 2017 to 17th in 2018. 3) Operational efficiency: production needs vary considerably due to rapid downstream displays of end-of-pipe technology, different manufacturers, multiple sizes. In terms of economics of production, it is important to adhere strictly to cutting the the theorem, using the 5-generation line as an example, with single glass panels cutting at least.
Twelve screens will be profitable and will change over time. Therefore, production should be properly scheduled in order to increase the basic value of single glass. Starting in 2011, this case introduced sopic changes similar to the China-based Integrated Development System (WAIDS), bringing about the previous six- and eight-generation (mainly for the production of television-oriented non-touch screens) technology, from television screens to television screens.
In summary, although the panel industry is at a turning point in demonstrating technological change, the case has a greater advantage in terms of cost, technology, whether the amoled folding screen, or technology, such as microlled, from the point of view of technology.
Prices are another key factor in this income projection, where we use the sales price per square metre of glass as a projection variable because the panel price varies widely according to the size and size of the screen.
The above-mentioned production capacity leads to price cycle fluctuations; the second is a downward trend in prices as a whole, the underlying reason being that high-generation lines replace low-generation lines, because large-sized panels have economic effects and are less costly to cut only on high-generational lines. Before, we have analysed the production cycle, while high-generation lcd lines are close to the top (11 generations), so it is expected to be in the future.
As the cost of high-generation panels continues to decline, prices continue to fall at an annual rate of -2.63%. In addition to lcd, there are currently four old-age soft screen lines in Kyoto East, of which the Chengdu plant is already in operation.
Quantities of production, but because it is on a productivity slope, the revenue contribution was not disclosed by 2018; the remaining three production lines – the Yang, Chongqing, and Fuzhou – are under construction and are expected to be produced in 2021. And then we'll have to look at the logic of the oled projections.
The oled predictive logic is similar to that of lcd, with two core variables: capacity utilization, prices. 1) Performance utilization is considered first: the oled flexible screen production line, which is at the beginning of the technology life curve, and the core factors that currently affect its capacity utilization are good, because it is an important indicator of cost. Its processes are two types of processes: vacuum thermal plating and ink printing, but because of the latter.
The technology is still immature, so vacuum thermal plating is still the dominant method. For a significant improvement, core equipment will need a vacuum plating machine, which is monopolized by the Japanese Canontokki, with one in the Tokyo East. For example, the six-generation line of the olid, with a combination of about 70% and less than 80-90% of the Samsung.
In 2021, the rate of improvement will reach the level of the Tristar. In 2019-2021, according to the production line in the east of Kyoto, three production lines will be put into operation, so that the gradual completion of the production line, i.e., the ability to climb, will reduce overall productivity.
12 per cent, slowly rising to 40 per cent of the low production capacity of the Tristara3 plant in 2018, and gradually reaching 90 per cent of the current production capacity of the lcd over the next five years as demand rises. 2) On price, as noted above, as a result of a declining cost curve, prices will gradually decline, so the elite assumes that the price of the oled screen will decline at a rate of speed over the next decade.
So far, the business forecast is closed, but in addition to this, there are two operations: Wirtschaftsprüfer, Wirtschaftsprüfer, 1) Softsprüfer business - mainly a downstream application scenario developed around “showing”, with the entire plate operating in 2018 generating $17.499 billion, an increase of 12.03 per cent over the same period (after offsetting internal transactions, net revenue in 2018 was $5.7 billion, the same ratio).
This includes: iot solutions - e.g. retail-oriented electronic tags, vehicle displays, and other scene-scene screens. Innovative services - mainly for sub-employees with television sets, monitors. Digital art - mainly for home-oriented electronic screens, frames, etc.
The penetration rate of life. History shows that technology co-existes in three concentrated infiltration surges: television (to address perceived needs), personal computers (mainly to address production needs) - mobile phone terminals (mobile displays everywhere) and is now permeating into the debris scenes of various industries. In this regard, we refer to what we used to see in television and personal computers as the head of the trade.
In the early years of television and personal computer penetration, it became clear that the speedier technology was still high, with a 10-year compound growth rate of 25,49%, while when penetration peaked, the compound income increase was less than 0%. In the view of the elite, due to the lack of a definitive next scene (car intelligence is likely to lead to the next wave of penetration).
But limited to the fact that the number of car terminals is not as high as the number of televisions and computers, the likely future rate cannot be recreated as the high rate of technology, while the other scenes are too fragmented to generate a sustained high rate of growth. So M&A assumes that the first three years of intelligence interconnections have grown from 5.39% in 2018 to half the combined rate of technology growth in 2000-2010.
2) Smart medical work - mainly centred around digitized hospitals, offering a range of services to families and individuals, including health testing, treatment, rehabilitation, etc., with an overall operating income of $1,151 million in 2018, an increase of 12.5% over the same period. For the purposes of health and medical care needs in the context of future ageing, we refer to the health care per capita of urban residents in the last five years.
As a result, the elite team assumed that, in the first five years of the year, the rate of growth of wisdom medicine workers in Kyoto would remain unchanged at 13.29%. In the next five years, it was reduced to imf’s projection of a 3% increase in China’s forward cpi.
The credibility of the income projections under one analytical method is limited, and we cross-check with them using other angles: method one: monthly income inverts - historical relationship with the annual reports through the tabulation, quarterly reports and the roll-out of the 2019 collection, the fourth quarter of the year's income as a proportion of the total annual income is consistent with history, thus allowing for a total annual revenue of 85,722 million yuan from the east of Kyoto.
71.4 per cent = $12.058 billion, an increase of 23.63 per cent over the same period; methodology II: Intra-natural growth rate — calculated on the basis of the formula for intra-natural growth = net asset return* (1-point red rate), the lower rate of return of nearly five was mainly due to the low rate of capital return in the present case.
Securities, based on the fact that current prices have fallen to cash costs, a greater rebound in the future and the current intensive development of the old production line, have historically been marked by two phases: from 2011 to 2013 — a period dominated by the concentrated expansion of multiple production lines (e.g., manure 6 and 8.5, Ordos 5.5, Beijing 8.5)
Volume (lines, etc.) of production results from improvements in capacity utilization and good rates. From 2013 to 2018 - with the size of capacity, the Māori rate in the Tokyo East has remained at almost the top of the industry for the last five years, or even higher than that of the big lg display, mainly because of the cost of production and the better use of capacity than their peers.
At the end of the price, the recovery of the Māori rate will be driven by the withdrawal of Samsung ' s output and the recovery of the price of the Māori rate; in addition, the higher Māori ratio, which will increase in the future (65% of the 6-generation quality product in March 2018 and a significant 90% difference from the 3-star good product rate), will drive the Māori rate up. At the end of the cost, in addition to the capacity utilization rate, it will lead to an increase in the future upstream material.
With the recovery of lcd prices and the rise in the best-goods rate, the Māori sales rate rose from 33.58 per cent (depreciated depreciation amortization) in 2018 to 36.97 per cent in 2017; the same level remained unchanged for the next seven years.
50.40 billion yuan, or 5.68 per cent and 5.19 per cent of income, respectively. – mainly labour pay and maintenance costs, but benefiting from the high growth in operating income, labour costs have increased (recently, and successively from the Wuhan lcd 10.5 line, the size of the workforce will continue to grow in the long run.
As the entire industry’s production capacity stabilizes successively, its expansion of managers will be phased out without consideration of technological transformation, so the ratio of management costs will decline steadily. The elite team assumes that the management fees from 2019 to 2021 – the panel industry is a highly technology-driven enterprise – has invested $4,139 million in R & D in this case for the last three years.
RMB, $6,972 million, RMB 7,238 million (of which 22.22 per cent, 27.15 per cent and 30.37 per cent are capitalized), the competitive edge of the industry, which is weak compared to mainstream producers such as Samsung, large-scale oled panels, microled technologies are still in the early stages of industrialization, and the transition to physical networking and intelligent medicine is still in the development phase, so it is expected that R&D activities in Kyoto East will continue.
So the elite assumes that the R & D cost rate (excluding capitalization) will remain unchanged at 5.19% over the next decade. Marketing costs — roughly 3% over the last decade, relatively stable — are assumed to be the future, and how much will be spent on the profit table here, and it's been calculated. But there's a question about which other long-term capital will run in the future.
The panel industry is typically heavily asset-driven, and historically, constant high-intensity capital investment is a prerequisite for maintaining the industry ' s position, and it has been largely in the state of lgdisplay and the Kyoto East oligarchs since 2010 (three stars show business without relevant data, where comparisons are not included).
This case has a more balanced distribution of capacity than that of the main panel producers in the country. Both large-sized lcd panels and small- and medium-sized amoled panels produce energy that is far greater than luminous star photovoltaics, deep-sky horses, vitamins, and luminous photovoltaics (only in the field of oled). Back to capital spending, as has been shown above, the traditional lcd fields and low-generation oleds in the future.
In June of this year, the construction progress was 38.08%, and construction is expected to be completed in the second half of 2020. In the second half of 2020, the Mianyangoled 6 generation - completion of construction in the first half of the year. Chongqing 6 generation - 48,000 units/month of design capacity, with a total investment of $44.5 billion, as of the end - 48,000 units/month of design capacity, with a total investment of $4.65 billion, is currently in the announcement phase and has not started work according to the Pine.
On the basis of this, the team assumed that the construction of the Golden Line would be completed as scheduled, it would be able to add the following new construction work in 2019-2022:
Compared to the Republic of Korea, our Taiwan-based plant is relatively new, so it assumes zero maintenance expenditure for the first five years; the next five years, as production lines stagnate, the current 8.5 generation line. The 10-generation period of use has been stagnated by lcd generations, while the length of use has increased, requiring greater maintenance expenditure, so it assumes that maintenance expenditure for the second five years is equal to depreciation for the same period. Depreciation of fixed assets -
Of these, fixed assets are held and, as the net value of fixed assets will decline over time as the useful life follows, it is assumed that the depreciation of the fixed assets held = the net value of prior-year fixed assets* (1 - 16.05 per cent combined depreciation rate); and the depreciation of new fixed assets to take into account the combined depreciation rate of 16.05 per cent of the net value of new fixed assets* over the next decade.
Intangible assets — due to the more stable fixed asset/total income ratio over the past four years, the average value of the last four years has been taken first, with downstream voice rights — receivable income and advance receipts. Historically, the ratio of receivables to receivables has been largely affected by industry cycles: 1) industry has moved upwards, panels have been in short supply, account periods have been shortened and accounts receivable to lower levels; 2) industry
Down, in order to quickly digest inventory, the account period is prolonged, with receivables as a percentage of the income. However, since the panel is also the core of electronics and is more tied to downstream manufacturers, historically, receivables account for the three stars, Kyoto East, which have both a technological and a productive advantage, and the downstream Chinese, apples.
This binding relationship is more pronounced for large clients with a comparable endpower, so this pattern will continue in the future. Thus, considering the cyclical factors, the elite assumes that:
This is followed by downstream voice rights — accounts payable, advances, operating costs — historically, the larger share of operating costs (closing old amortizations) is mainly dues (35.36 per cent in 2018), inventories (costs in 2018 — mainly materials purchased from upstream vendors, and historically, the share of accounts payable is more stable.
This is due to the more stable pattern of supply of products such as glimmers, filters, etc., which are basically Japanese and Korean manufacturers, and to the fact that the supply relationship is more fixed (mostly 60-90 days a month) as a direct link between the quality of the raw materials and the good quality of the panels, which results in a more fixed return method.
The share of accounts payable over the next decade remains the same as the historical average for the past five years. Inventory — mainly completed banks, commodities in stock and raw materials not in production — has remained stable over the past five years as a proportion of production costs, at around 16-21 per cent.
1. The display of panels addresses the immediate need for visual experience, with extensive applications in television, computers, mobile phones and future goods networking, ar and vr, as well as a growing field of application and higher industrial ceilings.2 Income drivers: three factors, namely, productivity, good rates and capacity utilization, continue to increase.
The basic logic in this area is that “scoffs people to death”, so when “xx production exits” appear in the media, it is often a better point of study. This is a classic cyclical industry with a high return on the top and a low return on the bottom.
4. Core moats: mainly productive capacity, technology and cost advantages.5 Competition patterns: the lcd sector is currently relatively concentrated in terms of volume of goods, with 79.8% cr5 and 21.27% in the first case. In the area of oled, the manufacturers are at a stage of seizure of production capacity.
When you look at this, several of the main variables in the valuation model have been identified. When you assume that it's done, the modelling is the water-to-dip process. All of this is for a table to measure the financial model.
For example, Yangjiang Power, Haikangwe.
The modeling part of the valuation is as follows: In the case of Yangtze Power, the balanced balance sheet projection sample: In the next professional and technical version of the report, we will address the following points in this case along the lines described above.
Major problems. Only by thinking clearly about these issues can the company become fully understood, forming a logical circle. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, they can move across the secondary market -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not understood, there will still be a great disaster:
1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies, and what are the differences between the data zones, and whether there are any points to think about?
What are the factors, and where are the factors? If you do a sensitivity analysis, what is the impact of Wacc and the acceleration on the valuation?) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain -- how is it different from the choice of different methods in the modelling of the valuation in this case? How should all the financial projections be combined to form a valuation model?
After the previous surge and collapse, many people may be panicking and dying at night -- so, what is the value of this case, what is the area, whether it's expensive or cheap?
Due to the public details of the report, there will be a conflict with the payee for the M & A report, so the M & A team will be required to make the report by the user, and part of it will no longer be provided free of charge, and gradually try to pay the fee function. Pay a reasonable price for the good product is a way to make the world a better place — everyone will pay for it.
This case will be updated to the “core product one: a professional version of the valuation report” of the elite team.
If you are interested in the [value section] of this case, as well as more other cases, you can scan the bottom two-dimensional code, get details of the valuation modeling of the case, and the financial risks that may be involved. At the same time, many reports that were previously unpublicable, as well as significant risk points, will be included.
In addition, for fee-paying members, the M&A historical studies, and related report ratings, a number of functions not available to the public (including valuation modelling forms for priority companies) will be open for download.
The professional version of the valuation report library, which was purchased to obtain model tables and invoices, please add a staff member's micro-letter: ys_dsj, except for this case.
Valuable lands, security margins, these eight words, can be said to be the true core of the value investment research system, and also the great minds of Barfit, Charlie Munger, Seth Callaman, Peter Lynch, John Neve, Joel Greenbrattt and others.
In both the primary and secondary markets, you can live in the market only if you have skills in financial analysis, industrial analysis, riverine analysis, valuation analysis, portfolio analysis. In particular, valuation analysis skills are the essence of the entire system of value investment research.
However, since valuation is not just a measure of data, it also needs to be based on an understanding of the market, an analysis of industry, and rigorous data computing, a field where the professional threshold is extremely high, often daunting, and therefore a major bottleneck in limiting the career development of capitalists and the breakthrough of the system.
And that's what the M&A team will do for the rest of their lives -- together with us, we'll hit the cards every day, for 10 years, and study 10,000 companies, and we won't be able to save money, and we won't be able to lose material strength, even if it's expensive.
We've been thinking about the research system for almost five years, hundreds of research cases for nearly three years, and hundreds of high-quality valuation reports that have been selected, all of which are in this database, on the one hand, a complete record of the merger and acquisition of the team research system, and, on the other hand, a desire to promote your thinking and not to go any further.
We're a group of researchers that focus on in-depth corporate research. This library, which enriches our research, is a set of research guides for the users of mergers and acquisitions. Hope you'll get what you want: daily mastery, copying, copying.) About content: we're responsible only for financial analysis, industrial research, and the content point of view is for participation only.
It does not support any form of basis for decision-making, nor does it support any form of investment proposal. It is based on public company attributes, organized in accordance with its statutory obligations to publicly disclose information such as financial statements, audits, bulletins, etc., and does not endorse future changes. Any future changes are irrelevant. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee their integrity.
The market is at risk, and research needs to be cautious. 3) On the subject: Financial modelling reports are huge, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and do not guarantee that all the cases you need are covered, please understand. 4) On the platform: All the content of the elite team is exported only from the micro-ICT platform, is not responsible for any other platform content, is not responsible for imitation.
We retain the power to pursue the law.