(a) Eight major financial developments, services and economic development: on 30 March, the Bank of China issued a 2022 report. In 22 years, 61.8 billion yuan was collected, yoy + 2.1 per cent;
Net interest income performed well and performance grew robustly. 22 years of revenue and return to the mother ' s net profit increased at a higher rate than the previous three quarters of \triangleright - 0.5 pct and -0.8 pct, respectively. Net interest income performed well, with a higher rate than the previous year + 8.4 per cent.
The main reason for the volatility of capital markets is the ratio of agency income to 25.3 per cent, although the impact of the volatility of the internal debt market is reflected in consultants and consultants, and the fair value of traded financial assets is volatile. The scale is steadily expanding and net interest differentials are stable. In terms of scale growth, total assets, loans and loans are equal to +8.2 per cent, respectively.
\triangleright extra £ trillion, up to an all-time high, highlights the role of the geese in the big business.
The research assistant is steady in Bowen, and under the “one-wing” strategy, the return on foreign currency assets has been raised to provide support for the steady spread of interest, in which Sino-Hong Kong’s net book balance is higher than at the beginning of the year +19bp.
Deep-farming, “eight big finance”, full support for a stable economy. Financial expansion of wealth. Retailed aum at the end of the 22nd year, amounting to nearly $13 trillion, and silver at the end of the 22nd year, amounting to $1.8 trillion; client structure continued to be optimized, private bank contributions increased, and private aum at the end of the 22nd year, amounting to $2.4 trillion, compared to +11.1 per cent, private.
The Bank of China (6088.sh) reported three-quarters of 2022 with 160,000 clients.
Volatile counter-cyclical stabilizers. 22 years of inclusive micro-enterprise lending, China-China green credit, strategy 2. China Bank (601988.sh) mid-2022 reported a strong negative net interest balance and a high level of new credit innovation - 2022/08/
3. Regional distribution 3. Bank of China (6088.sh) 2021 provides a detailed explanation: above, there has been a more marked improvement in the incidence of poor land in China, with a decline of between 9bp and 1.40% in 22 years compared to the beginning of the year.
Deep-farming “eight big finance”, business quality enhancement - 2022/04/ Investment proposal: a steady net interest margin and robust performance growth \triangleright
Twenty-two years of solid net interest differentials and high net interest income performance; steady expansion in size and continued optimization of asset structures; and excellent asset quality and risk countervailing capabilities. China’s banks are expected to support their business performance by promoting a one-wing strategic landscape with the “eight-largest finance” and by tapping into high-quality development opportunities in the domestic international two-cycles.
Figure 1: China Bank ' s year-on-year performance up to 2022 (cumulative) Figure 2: China Bank ' s net interest income up to 2022, China Bank ' s year-on-year increase (cumulative)
Figure 3: Total assets of the Bank of China up to 2022 and total loans up to 2022, Figure 5: Net difference and split (disclosure value) by the Bank of China up to 2022, Figure 6: Poor rate of the Bank of China up to 2022
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.