Coal + power plate operations continue to be robust, and the cost of income tax increases on the same basis. Events: 25 August 2023, the semi-annual report was released by the Chinese dynasty. In the first half of 2023, the company Xianghua (601088)
In the second quarter of 2023, the company earned $82.4 billion in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 0.89 per cent in the same year and a decline of 5.33 per cent in the ring compared to the first quarter; the single quarter net profit to the mother was $14,667 million, a decrease of 33.89 per cent compared to the previous quarter; the ring was a decline of 33.89 per cent compared to the first quarter Coal plate: a decline in the price of a small increase in sales, resulting in a decline of 16.6 per cent in the total profit for the first half of the year compared to the same period.
2023h achieved 160 million tons of coal production, a 2 per cent increase in the same year, and 217.9 million tons of coal sales, an increase of 3.7 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the same 17 per cent increase in the amount of coal purchased from abroad. In terms of marketing structure, the first half of the year saw the implementation of a guaranteed production supply policy, which resulted in an increase of 7.3 pcs compared to the previous year.
4%. In terms of sales prices, the annual annual price of the Association fell by 2.5% in the first half of the year; the monthly price of the Association rose by 1.6% in the same year by $821 in the same year, and the average price of coal was $601 in the same year, a decrease of 5.1% in the same year, with the cost of self-produced coal per tonne in the first half of the year being 188 in the same year, an increase in the same year.
13.9%, mainly due to increases in the cost of materials and other items such as open-air mining (+9.9%), and production costs (+23.2%). The price of the coal plate falls and the cost of collage rises, profits are emptied.
2023h achieved a total of 10.2 billion kWh of electricity generation, an increase of 18.2 per cent in the same year, and a total of 94.26 billion kWh of electricity sales, an increase of 18.4 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the increase in the production of electricity from fire and electricity in the second quarter as a result of the continued build-up of high-temperature weather and poor power from hydropower, as well as the company ' s new delivery.
In the first half of the year, the average number of hours spent on coal-fired power generation increased by 13 per cent, the price of coal-fired electricity increased to $416/megawatt hours, 1.7 per cent, and the average cost of selling electricity increased by 1.7 per cent.
Itd tiles., ltd tiles from 52 megawatts of additional photovoltaic installed capacity.
Power plate operating income reached $44.190 billion, an increase of 18.9 per cent in the same year, resulting in a total profit of $5.8 billion, a 47 per cent increase in the same year, and a 2.6 per cent increase in the Maori rate.
\triangleright 2023h has achieved 5.3 per cent growth in the operating income of the railway branch, but the increase in the cost of repairs and labour costs has increased by 21.8 per cent, resulting in a 15 per cent decline in total profit on a year-on-year basis; port branch camp
Income from industry increased by a small 1.5 per cent over the same period, while the higher cost of depreciation amortization, labour costs, etc., resulted in a 9.6 per cent decrease in total profits over the same period; revenue from shipping divisions decreased by 14.9 per cent, revenue from operations, and total profit levels decreased by 73.3 per cent, and from the sale of polyvinylene products by the Coalification Division.
\triangleright announced plans to acquire fully owned geese mining and Hang Jin energy from the National Energy Group, including geese mines in south geese and open-air mines on the Zani River, with a capacity of 10.7 million tonnes per year, up to 2022.
Two coal mines had a capacity of 410 million tons, and about 8.7 million tons of commercial coal were completed in the same year; the Hang Jin energy plant, with 10 million tons of capacity in construction, had 920 million tons in 2022. With the infusion of assets and the gradual commissioning of mines under construction, the company's coal business is expected to yield production.
In addition, there are three prospecting rights in the geese mining industry (post-Imin East, Imin East, Imin East, second well, and the eastern edge of the Imin River), which are expected to serve as a backup for sustainable development of the company’s medium- and long-term coal plate.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We believe that along with the marginal improvement in demand as a result of the stimulus policy, coal \triangleright carbon prices are expected to remain medium-high: at the same time, there has been a steady increase in electricity consumption across society and a rise in corporate electricity prices.
The upward trend is expected to continue, supporting a steady increase in profitability. The HIC ratio and the integrated transport industry provide a higher degree of certainty about business performance, adding high cash, high dividends, and a higher future investment value. We expect the company to achieve a net return profit in 2023-2025.
\triangleright Uncertainty in the policies of the coal and electricity-related industries; accident of safe production in coal mines, etc.
Member of the Board of Experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices and former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and conducted research and research on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey Development, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice on hundreds of topics, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
From 2019 to the present, he is responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Nanjing University of Finance, and formerly researched large energy plates such as the Economics of Securities and Gas.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of the Second Sub-Society of the China Coal Industry Group. He worked for many years in coal mining, in technology management for coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 and worked in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, in vanity, applied research in proposed power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry research, Xinxuan, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, in coal.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, July 2022, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the coal sector Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the coal sector Tang Ji-yu, Master of Social Science, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics, April 2023.
Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal sector, which is directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The report is made available only to specific customers, not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial issuance of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Inconsistent studies, no special notice may be given on the credit securities.