The growth hormones have remained stable, and the vaccine for herpes is worth looking forward to, Southwest Securities Research and Development.
Realization of the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company of $2.12 billion, an increase of 10.2 per cent in the same year; net profit of $2.1 billion, an increase of 9.2 per cent in the same year for the non-repatriation of the owner of the parent company; rapid growth in the gold-track pharmaceutical industry and continued growth hormones; operating income of $4.96 billion in the gold-race drug industry;
With a 31% increase in the same year, net profits of $2.19 billion, a 17.8% increase in the same year, the company has taken a series of income and supply stabilization measures to overcome the effects of the epidemic. On the emerging side, the short-term epidemic has had a certain impact on group entry, but the proportion of new patients with long-acting growth hormones has steadily increased; and the company has been approved for entry with long-acting injections.
At this point, it is hoped that new products in the paediatric and adult sectors will be scaled up, that the income contribution will gradually be reflected, and that the new 100-gram strain of the disease will be reduced, and that the vaccine for herpes will be expected. The 2022-h1-100-gram increase will result in a 100-gram drop in income and profits, as a result of the long spring and the nationwide epidemic, but from the q2 ring.
By comparison with q1, the impact of the epidemic is becoming marginal, and the vaccine is expected to be released again in the second half of the year. Newly produced, the nasal flu vaccine is the country's first live dose of nasal inflammation vaccine, which is easy to immunize on a large scale, with significant variations, and is expected to be an effective supplement to the four-priced influenza vaccine, which has now been issued in less than half of the 2022m6.
The product herpe vaccine is in the pipeline and is expected to be marketed by the end of 2022 or early 2023. Herpe vaccine penetration is still low, competitive patterns are good, and companies are expected to achieve rapid release on the basis of a single dose of immunization procedures and a value-for-money advantage.
Real estate and Chinese medicine have declined. High-real estate has achieved operating income of $219 million, a 19 per cent decline in the same year, and net profits of $18 million, a 51 per cent decline in the same year. The Chinese medicine industry has achieved operating income of $305 million, a 0.3 per cent increase, and net profits of $16 million, a 30 per cent decline in the same year.
As a result of this decline, the company’s middle-level pharmaceutical operations remain stable and a steady cash flow is expected to continue in the future.
Long-acting growth hormones are expected to be released, and no direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for, and will not be obtained for, specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.