Equity Incentives Program (EPI) landed to stimulate the core backbone 10,07, 2022 LSI scheme to stimulate the core core backbone: 9 July 2022, released by the company
Implementation of the Test Management Scheme of the Restricted Stock and Stock Incentives Programme 2022, covering three fiscal years, 2022-2024, in order to meet the performance evaluation targets of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, resulting in 10 approved adaptive disorders and further expansion of product adaptive disorders: 7 July 2022, long
Haruhi received a pharmaceutical registration certificate from the National Drug Control Authority (nmpa) of China. Prader-willi (pws) adaptive disorders from the recombinant growth hormone injection fluids declared by the pharmaceutical industry were approved. This was the first time that the domestic growth hormone product was approved for pws, and the gold-synchronous growth hormone adaptation was expanded.
At present, 40 to 100% of pws suffer from growth hormone deficiencies that lead to short body sizes.
Small, recombinant growth hormone treatments for pws have a number of benefits, such as height, weight, motion, behavior, cognitive, etc.
One of the best treatments for the disease is also one of the safest treatments. At present, the country’s miniscule disease is called The Long Spring High (000661); the drug market has a low penetration rate in 2022, and we expect the future market for paediatric drugs to remain open.
Quarterly reviews: growing hormones continue to grow,  R & D progresses, the future of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry: the growth hormone industry competes well, the gold industry competes.
The pharmaceutical industry is currently the only company in the country that has all three types of agents on the market, and it is the first in the country.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: the growth hormone market is vast, penetration is increasing, and rapid growth is occurring.
In the year 2021, growth, growth and growth, we look forward to the company's development. Due to the recurrent effects of the new crown epidemic, I report that income has exceeded 10 billion dollars, and business has grown.
Three financial forecasts for Changchun Gosseng have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.