General automation operations are growing steadily, and the city’s share is expected to increase steadily.
The net profit from the deduction was 3,389 million yuan, an increase of 16.13 per cent over the same period. The revenue from the first quarter of 2023 was increased by the same year by 2,022q4 battalion. In 2022, the company achieved a revenue of 2,3008 million yuan, an increase of 28.23 per cent over the same period; the net profit from the return was 4,322 million yuan, an increase of 20.89 per cent over the same period.
In terms of profitability, the Māori rate is 35.01%, a decrease of 0.81 pc from the previous year, mainly in the case of new energy vehicles.
The rates of sales costs, management costs, research and development costs and financial costs have changed from one to the other, respectively. The rates of sales costs, management costs, research and development costs and financial costs have changed from one to the other, and the rates of general automation operations have increased steadily, and the city share is expected to increase continuously.
The revenue from the conversion system is 11,465 million yuan, an increase of 27.64 per cent, or 49.83 per cent of the total.
21.5 per cent, ahead of the second, Siemens 11.10 pct; low-voltage transformer products (including elevator-specific transformers) accounted for about 14.9 per cent of the country ' s municipalities; small-scale plc products accounted for about 11.9 per cent; universal server systems, general frequency transformers, plc&hmi, liquid systems received $1.260 billion;
885 million yuan, 340 million yuan, and 91 million yuan. In the context of machine change and automation, and intelligent transformation, there is still much room for growth in corporate general automation.
Given the slowdown in demand in the industrial and regulatory markets, firms are now looking for “structural growth” in the new energy sector, the emerging equipment manufacturing industry, and the upgrading of the stock market. In early 2022, companies proposed a new strategy for “cross-the-board internationalization”, plus
Quick overseas operations are deployed to advance the international localization model. Companies are collating overseas distribution opportunities in a number of industries, promoting corporate business to overseas markets, and some industries are breaking up with key transnational customers.
At the same time, there is a strong and sustained push for technology. R & D costs 626 million yuan, an increase of 22.61 per cent over the previous year. Investment proposals: in 2022, companies pursued structural opportunities with a strong edge and a persistent market share.
If demand falls short of expectations, the company’s performance will be stressed: (3) if raw material prices rise significantly, the company’s performance will be put under greater pressure. “positive” investors will be fit only to use studies that are not above the risk level of “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors will be fit to use our division’s various categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.