The share of general automation continues to rise, and the performance of the \triangleright Division is expected to increase steadily throughout the year by $4,782 million, or 0.07 per cent, compared to the previous year; the net return to the mother is $747 million, or the same rate.
General automation: The share of products has risen steadily as a result of the negative growth in the harvest. In 2022, industrial automation as a whole grew weakly, but the company general automation group achieved 11,465 million yuan, a reverse increase of 27.64 per cent, with a breakthrough in the share of major products. General server systems: 21.5 per cent of China ' s market share, rising on a year-on-year basis.
5.2 pcts, with a steady share first; low-pressure transformers, with a 14.9 per cent share in the Chinese market and 2 pcts, with a third place in the overall brand and the first place in the domestic brand; and small plc, with a 11.9 per cent share in the Chinese market and 5 pcts, with a third place in the overall brand and the first place in the domestic brand.
In the larger context of intelligence, the company's accumulation of product platforms and the advantages of industry-based customized solutions, s010521100006
Intelligent elevators: downside demand in the industry, a slight increase in the same harvest. In 2022, affected by the weakening of the real estate market, demand in the elevator industry fell, with 1.1 million elevators nationwide, down 9.1 per cent from the same year. The company as a whole was better off than the industry ladder, generating $5.162 billion, an increase of 3.92 per cent.
A 44 per cent increase in the same year, a 100 per cent increase in the cross-country large accompaniment, and a 30 per cent increase in the control system operations. In 2022, the company sold 500,000 elevators for integrated controllers and transformers in the elevator industry.
As real-estate market sentiment improves and construction accelerates, elevator demand is expected: performance is expected, new energy vehicle operations are fast-growing - a backlash is expected, and company elevator revenues are expected to grow steadily.
New-energy cars: There are plenty of targeted projects, and the share continues to rise. In 2022, the company's entire new-energy vehicle fleets, bev, rev, and phev, all of which have been targeted for mainstream platform products, responded to the rapid growth of oi, and the new forces, traditional and overseas vehicles have been able to harvest priority-type cars.
q1 Quarterly Review: Industrial Automation & New Energy Motors Double Wheeled New Energy Employer Total Automotive & Powered Productions have a 3% share in the Chinese market, with two-bit tops, driven by robust business growth of 2022/04/28
X. The company ' s share of the new energy electrical controllers is 7% in China, after Biadi and Tesla, and the semi-annual assessment of the technology in Hong Kong (300124) in 2021: it ranks first among third-party suppliers. As the targeted projects gradually spread and the company ' s share increases, the company will continue to grow.
The two-pronged status of the industrial control, new energy automobile business continues to be consolidated - 2021/08/24 The new energy automobile business is expected to grow steadily.
Quarterly reviews: Accelerating import substitution for industrial controls, conducting a methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, and producing this report independently and objectively, and being responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.