Multi-operational co-opportunities, profit prospects, south-west Securities Research and Development Centre production and outbreak impacts, elevator service supply chains damaged, and elevators were 27 per cent Māori, down 1.4 pp from the same year.
The net interest rate for companies is 18.8%, down 1.7 pp from the same year. At the cost end, the distribution of the company’s sales/management/financial costs is expected to improve the domestic economy, and the related traditional market demand in oems is expected to return upwards, driving the company to 27.6% from the same year, while the Māori rate is 45.6% from the same year.
General-purpose server/plc&hmi/hydride system generated income of $43.3/49.9/131.1/45 million, respectively, of which plc universal-server share increased further to 21.5 per cent in the domestic market, leading significantly to second-place Siemens (10.4 per cent); low-pressure transformer market share of 14.9 per cent; and small-scale market share of plc increased by 2 pp on a year-on-year basis.
11.9%, an increase of 6 pp over the same period. With the increased penetration of plant automation and the continuing trend of machine replacements, the demand for automated products is expected to remain high and the market share is expected to rise further under the domestic subsector, where the company is the leader of the domestic capital.
• Power electrons accumulated and storage pcs was rapidly developing. On the side of power generation and distribution, companies cumulatively ordered 3gw. In 2022, companies ranked third and fourth in the world in terms of the volume of high-capacity pcs in domestic storage. Large storage power plants have been working with a number of top systems in the country to propose follow-up growth in performance.
In addition, the company has a 20kw light storage inverter platform to explore the overseas light storage market; a 200kw set-of-line storage program has been launched to complete the test. The company uses the power-consortium co-opt energy pcs to boost corporate demand downstream, with a diversified layout that provides new performance gains.
Segawa Technology (300124): a slight pressure on profits, further expansion of the mastery advantage, acceleration of the national production replacement process, more and more operations, maintenance of “possession” plc rapid business development (2022-10-28)
(b) The risk of increased price increases (2022-08-23) and increased competition in the new energy car market, resulting in lower levels of profitability.
3. Segawa Technologies (300124): Operations go hand-in-hand, positive digitalization + bicarbon energy generation has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.