South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Quality Performance Summary: H1 achieved business income of $3.34 billion in 2020, an increase of 67.1 per cent over the same year;
Net return to the mother, $1.81 billion, an increase of 107.7 per cent over the same period; operating income of $1.65 billion in the q2 quarter, an increase of 54 per cent over the same period and a slight decline of 2.3 per cent in the ring; net return profit of $940 million, an increase of 92.8 per cent over the same period, driven by a leap in which Internet retailers rely on the portal for the advantage of high flows and low commissions
Over the years, the flow of wealth securities to the East and the flow of liquidity have led to an increase in the size of the securities business. In addition, the company’s continued investment in finance (phone end-apps, etc.) and the availability of wireless financial and information services have complemented the Internet’s financial information, enhanced user experience and enhanced user stickyness.
• The Fund’s surrogate business boosted performance. The market boom led the Fund’s market boom, with sales revenue increasing by 102,3% in the first half of the year, amounting to 56,844 million yuan, an increase of 83.9% in the same year, and faster growth of both the base and the non-account. The company’s portal’s daily network of funds and its users made it possible for the company to grow faster.
For the next three years, the net return profit will remain at a compound growth rate of 51.9%. Given that companies are leading Internet retailers and are scarce, the flow capacity is high, with a 65-fold estimate for 2020.
The company was founded in 2005 and subsequently set up the East.
The wealth network, the stock bar, and the three financial network platforms of the Sky Fund network provide vertical information services, community interaction, and fund information services, respectively. They maintain an advantage in terms of the number of users and their stickyness, creating a complete flow system.
In 2015, companies acquired Tibetan securities to expand further into the securities industry. The company’s initial build-up of current flows and the flow-disposal system provided a solid basis for the growth of follow-on securities and fund sales operations, which now form four major businesses: securities operations, financial e-commerce services, and financial data services.
Figure 1: A three-step strategy for the layout of corporate operations (1) Securities operations: the company has been actively expanding its licensing over the past two years, relying on Internet service platforms and all over the country
Branches, as well as multi-year portals, have accumulated flows over the years, channeling to corporate platforms such as Eastern wealth securities, Eastern wealth futures, East Treasure International securities, and providing services such as securities, futures brokers, etc. for users. (2) Financial e-commerce services operations: mainly on-line fund sales.
The SkyFoundation Network relies on the Internet service, which is centred on the Eastern Wealth Network, and the accumulated sticky and huge flow of users and brand image, to provide one-stop Internet self-fund transaction services to users through the Financial e-Commerce Platform for e-commerce.
(3) Financial data service operations: specialized financial data services are provided to large-volume users via pc end and mobile end platforms, mainly on the FDS platform. (4) Internet advertising services operations: mainly clients in the “Oriental Wealth Network” and professional channels, interactive communities, etc.
Internet advertising services are available on the page in the form of text chains, pictures, multimedia, etc. Corporate performance: in 2019, companies received $4.23 billion, an increase of 35.5 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $1.83 billion, an increase of 91 per cent, attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
Over 90%. In terms of revenue from businesses and their share, securities revenue was 2.75 billion yuan, or 65%; financial electronics, business services, 1.240 billion dollars, or 29%; financial data services, $160 million, or 3.73%; advertising clothing, companies officially entered securities in 2015 to buy Tibetan securities, and the Fund ' s sales led the company ' s performance.
High growth, 378% in the same year. In 2017, for the first time, securities went beyond fund sales, and we expected a higher Māori-driven growth in portfolio operations and fund sales-led performance, high-flow + high-user sticky patterns created by corporate portals, strong flow liquidity in securities operations.
The Internet dividend drives the rapid development of mobile smart ends, and as the best complement to Internet finance and information services, companies pre-positioned WiFi accurate cards, with $6.46 million at the end of June 19 and $80 million at the end of pc. In April 2020, FAFIS recorded a second-largest share of Eastern wealth in the stock class.
The securities business accounted for 62% of the total revenue in the first half of the year, a 57% increase in the same year: the net income from the securities brokerage business was $1.27 billion. The 45% increase in the same year. The sales business of the 20h1 fund accounted for 34% of the total revenue, a 108% increase in the same year, from different types of fund sales.
A loan fund of $27.84 billion is sold on a non-capital basis, an increase of about 85 per cent over the same period. Business growth is clearly influenced by the apparent upturn in capital markets, which adds up the flow drivers. The stock-brokering market share of companies is expected to continue to rise, and performance is expected to grow further.
The business share of Māori is still on the rise. Companies are Internet retailers whose strong Internet attributes entail low international costs, and companies are superior to their counterparts in tariff control. In 2019, the operating cost was only 56%, compared to 40% in 2020h1.
Assumption 1: the capital markets will be in the calf market in the second half of 2020, securities and equity markets will be active, and sales in the fund market will be on fire. We expect that the company’s performance will benefit from the market’s high profile, with continued high growth in securities and fund sales in 2020;
Assumption 2: A firm adheres to the strategic positioning of high-flow + high-user viscosity + low rates + multi-value-added operations, further increases its commitment to financialit, upgrades the Internet service platform, keeps an eye on user experiences, improves user stickyness, flows realizations
By 2020, the company will maintain a low fund sales rate of around 0.19%, and the company will be able to convert its user holdings with a high flow of capital, which is expected to grow at a high rate. Profit will remain at a compound growth rate of 51.9%. Given that the company is the leader of the Internet retailer, accumulated flows and regulations over the years.
Model advantages, additions to the low marginal cost advantages of Internet companies, high growth in portfolio operations and fund sales, expected to be sustained with a high liquidity rate, and a further increase in the share of brokers in the market, to be valued 65 times as high as 2020 for Table 3: Comparable corporate valuations
Subtract macroeconomic risks; stock market volatility; risk of systemic decline in stock markets; increased competition is not expected to lead to an increase in market share rates; it is not, and will not receive any form of compensation directly or indirectly from specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.