Eastern wealth (300059): The mid-2020 report points double the net profit of the mother, looking at the space for long-term development $1.81 billion, an increase of 107.1 per cent over the same period, corresponding to an exchange rate of 0.22 yuan per share.
▪ The company doubles its net profit from the parent and continues to grow: the company ' s reported high growth performance, achieving gross operating income of between +67.1 and 3.34 billion yuan per annum, and the net profit from the parent increased between €107.1 and $1.81 billion per annum for the reasons we believe are: 1) the high growth in the performance of the securities business (the securities business income is the same)
Driven by a two-fold increase in the rate of return to the market, the stock exchange balance increased from 55 per cent to 45.8 billion at the end of the 19th century. (ii) Revenue from the Fund's operations increased in line with the equity market situation.
More than 70 per cent of the proceeds of the gold business are contributed by the sale of tailings and sales services of the Fund, resulting in the collection of additional securities operating capital from the Fund's operations, which is expected to continue to rise as a result of the transferable debt, and the market share of brokerage and blending operations: 1) The net income from securities brokerage fees and commissions achieved by companies in the first half of the year was between 45 per cent and 1.27 billion yuan,
In the first half of 2020, Eastern wealth is expected to be ranked first in the industry in terms of net interest earnings of 75% to 640 million yuan (the combined balance of the deep market is higher than in the same period last year).
On 13th, a revolving debt of $7.3 billion was issued, and up to $6.5 billion of the funds raised will be used to supplement the portfolio’s operating capital. According to the latest announcement, the company’s stock was closed for 15 consecutive days on July 17, when the conversion period began.
The company’s capital is expected to be replenished, and the two-mix business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. The flow of cash continues to rise, looking at a new era of wealth management: 1) Eastern wealth as an Internet platform
There has been a more visible scale effect. Corporate cost increases have been declining in recent years, although in the first half of 2020 the total cost recovered as a result of an increase in bank settlement charges for third-party sales services operations (the rate will continue to decline and remain relatively rigid over 19 years).
The IMF and cash-management product returns will continue to fall short, pushing equity performance ahead of expectations, looking at long-term development gains, and increasing the Fund’s allocation.
The marketing platform is better at 2020-07-27. 3) Corporate wealth management business 2 and Eastern wealth (300059): interconnectivity as the fifth fund product goes online.
Upgraded, the third tier of flow realization was accelerated, and companies were expected to demonstrate the three natural core advantages of wealth management, stock management, platform systems, operating costs, in the future, in the creation and investment of the Fund's products.
Top 2020-05-11 Consultant, customer asset allocation will be promising.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: equity as a company moves into a conversion period, capital is strengthened
Year after year: full distribution of equity funds will expand further, build on the Fund's top flow to the third tier and accelerate the start, see hard to zero, and replenish capital stock to be released.
Le Wu Xinjun, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board