Brokering and fund sales are two-wheel-drive performances. Eastern wealth was reported in mid-2020, with companies earning 3,338 million yuan in the first half of the year, 67.09 per cent more than in the first half of the year, and a net profit of 1,809 million women, 107.69 per cent more than in the second half of the year.
In the second quarter, the company achieved revenues of 1.649 billion yuan, an increase of 54.01 per cent over the same period; and net profit returns of 935 million yuan, an increase of 92.74 per cent over the same period.
There was a positive performance in corporate brokering. Net revenue from brokering was achieved during the reporting period of 1,431 million yuan, representing an increase of 49.75 per cent over the same period; net interest income was realized of 639 million yuan, resulting in an increase in net revenue from disciplinary operations at the same rate as interest income, reflecting an effective increase in company-to-market ratios.
As the number of new accounts opened and the volume of transactions increased during the year, corporate brokerage and blending operations are expected to continue to benefit. Fund transactions have increased significantly, and financial e-commerce operations have been developing well: during the reporting period, it has been possible to increase the number of bank accounts.
As of 30 June, a total of 8729 funds were online, representing an increase of 21.59 per cent over the same period. The e-commerce platform together achieved a cumulative e-commerce growth of the Fund, with revenues of 1,143 million yuan over the reporting period, an increase of 102.25 per cent over the same period.
As the equity market re-emerges, adding to the dynamic of the Internet platform of the Eastern Wealth Network, corporate e-commerce is promising. Bonds are issued to supplement Eastern wealth securities, and securities are becoming more competitive: at the beginning of the year.
In July, Eastern wealth securities were to be issued on a non-public basis with no more than RMB 5 billion in bonds and no more than RMB in public.
Both bond distribution schemes are designed primarily to supplement Eastern securities operating funds, which are beneficial in terms of broadening access to finance and optimizing the funding structure, reducing transaction costs to one.
To build a financial base for improving the competitiveness of securities operations.
Xu Jibing, the expansion of the company’s retail securities business and the optimal structure of the fund’s sales business will be resonant with high performance elasticity. As the securities business grows and the company’s size effect is gradually emerging, the company is added to the stock market.
The flow effects of Internet platforms will increase steadily for the company. Companies are expected to have a compressed flow at the company ' s mobile end; and corporate brokerage, and mixed markets, will not rise as much as expected.