The stock exchange and sales business performed well, and the stock market share increased further: Eastern wealth was reported in mid-2020, generating operating income of $3.34 billion, yoy+67.09%, net profit of mothers of $1.81 billion, yoy+107.69%.
>Secret operations and fund sales drive a net profit of 1h20 on a year-on-year basis. Eastern wealth published its semi-annual report in 2020, with a gross operating income of $3.34 billion in the first half of the year, compared with +67.09% and a net profit of $1.81 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies, compared with +107.69% in the first half of the year. q2 achieved a gross operating income of $1.65 billion, while the net profit ring under the same line still recorded a single-digit increase, reflecting an upward trend in market participation.
In addition, the company has better cost controls and the advantages of size are evident, with administrative costs ranging from 1.97 pct to 6.6 per cent, administrative costs from -10 pct to 19.18 per cent and financial costs from -0.12 pct to 1.39 per cent. \triangleright
The advantage of financing costs has contributed to the accelerated realization of platform flows, and market shares are expected to increase continuously, drawing on the experience of overseas Internet voucher dealers’ share of head-to-head concentration. In the case of blended operations, the delayed effect of the early release of $7.3 billion in convertable debt to supplement the two-consolidated capital pool and two-combined operations is expected to support the rapid expansion of the two-consolidated operations.
Both the base and the base have grown faster, each occupying half of the wall. Of this amount, the “real treasure” has been sold at $273,398 million, i.e. +82.5 per cent, and not the currency, 28,996.5 million, i.e. +85.3 per cent, i.e., Euro28,996.5 million, i.e., Euro85.3 per cent.
The company’s recent announcement that it is about to issue 13 billion yuan in corporate bonds, with no more than 5 billion yuan in non-public corporate bonds, no more than 8 billion yuan in public corporate bonds issued by \triangleright, raises funds to supplement the flow of Eastern wealth securities, and helps to broaden the financing of Eastern wealth securities.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: companies are leading Internet bond dealers, with a strong advantage in flows and scale effects. Securities operations are expected to increase further, depending on online flow advantages, low commission rates \triangleright and low financing costs. Corporate bonds are expected to strengthen capital strength, help companies develop innovative business, and a two-pronged expansion of business size is expected.
Figure 3: Number of Fund sales books and sales (billions, thousands) Figure 4: Number of sales agents and number of Fund products
Figure 5: Eastern wealth income structure, Figure 6: Eastern wealth rolling p. Wang Qing Dynasty, Master ' s degree, Graduated from Business International Finance, University of Duren, United Kingdom, as Deputy General Manager, Naval Capital Leasing Industry, and General Manager, Yonghai Leasing Operations, formerly employed in China Xin Xinjian, Chinese Xinjun Securities.
Judining, a master’s degree in finance at the University of Glasgow in England, worked in Taiwan’s rich state securities and silver securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, a master’s degree in finance at Boston University in the United States, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.