There has been a marked increase in performance, and both the securities broker and the fund agent have performed well, the Eastern wealth (300059.sz) and Wuping.
Our analysis and diagnosis 1) Significant growth in corporate performance, with net gains up to 107.69 per cent on a year-on-year basis
2) The return of beneficial markets and the growth of revenue from securities brokering activities far outpaced the industry 2020h1, with corporate securities earning 2,070 million yuan, an increase of 56.87 per cent over the same period; revenue collection has reached 62.00 per cent. Companies insist on focusing on the needs of large-scale users, making full use of the one-stop Internet service platform as a whole.
Synergy, significant warming effects in beneficiary markets, significant increases in stock turnover, and rapid growth in brokering revenue. 2020h1, market accumulated equity base turnover of 94.7 trillion yuan, an increase of 28.29 per cent over the previous year.
At the end of June of that year, the company had a book value of $19,626 million, an increase of 53.34 per cent in the same year and an increase of 53.34 per cent in the same year, compared with the beginning of the year.3 The revenue and share of financial e-commerce services increased significantly, and industry leadership was further consolidated.2020h1, with companies achieving revenues from financial e-commerce services of $1,143 million, an increase of 102.25 per cent in the same year;
The performance of financial e-commerce services has been excellent, mainly in terms of regulation leading to lower market interest rates, lower rates of return on bank finances, and increased attractiveness of public funds products. The Department has actively seized the opportunities for industrial development, accelerating the development of the Fund’s third-party sales operations and enriching the products.
By the end of June 2020, 140 public fund managers and fund managers were on the line to increase research and development technology inputs, enhance product and service innovation, enhance user experience, enhance user stickyness, and strengthen industry leadership.
Some 76,751 thousand (US$ 56,833.6 billion) in sales of funds, of which non-monetary funds have been recognized for a total of $4 billion) to complete the listing of $7.3 billion in debt swaps and to further strengthen capital strength
It is used entirely to supplement Eastern wealth portfolio operating funds, expand credit transactions and portfolio investment operations, and replenish fully-owned subsidiaries of Eastern wealth innovation capital at the same time. To benefit from debt-transferable issuance, the capital of companies can be effectively supplemented by enabling market opportunities to expand the business space, optimize business structures, and increase resilience to risk.
The company is the leading Internet finance platform in the industry, with a significant flow advantage and a wealth of customer resources. Markets are at stake, corporate securities are at a premium, relying on low-server strategies and flow to realize market share gains. Regulation leads down market interest rates, banks manage lower returns, public funds products become more attractive, companies third parties become more attractive.
Fund sales have increased and industry leadership has been consolidated. We look forward to corporate development, combining company fundamentals and shares.