August 12, 2020 Eastern Wealth (300059.sz)
1h2020 performance rating: high growth in securities operations, doubling of income from fund sales, semi-annual performance of Eastern wealth release, 67 to 3.3 billion in corporate revenue gain of 1h20, with a net gain of 108 per cent
To 1.8 billion. With the advantage of the Internet, companies have been able to outpace the stock market, and corporate securities are growing fast. In terms of fund sales, they have benefited from good markets, and the income associated with fund sales has nearly doubled. In terms of valuation, the current valuation is relatively reasonable. On the whole, we have invested in the "buy-in" investment.
Securities subsidiaries perform well: they have benefited from capital market turnover since this year, and corporate securities-related revenues have performed well. In terms of the company’s published securities-related subsidiary performance: Eastern wealth, rich securities, 1h2020 charges and net commission revenue (mainly for brokering) have increased by 42%.
In view of the current pressure on bond dealers in terms of commission rates, net income increases are still faster than the market equity base.
At a two-fold rate of increase in the balance, reflecting the firm’s strong growth capacity in its securities firm’s operations, the corresponding market share rate will increase further. Overall, the equity subsidiary’s total revenue will increase by 51 to 1.9 billion, with net gains on institutional investors’ share of the liquidity a.
72 to 1.1 billion more than industry averages (based on industry data previously published by CSA, sales revenue from the Fund ' s operations doubled: in the context of market turnover and high investor enthusiasm, revenues from corporate finance e-commerce services operations (revenues related to sales of major daily fund funds, etc.)
According to the accounting branch of the company, corporate e-commerce services revenue increased by 102% to 1.1 billion. In addition, Internet advertising revenue from 1h20 increased by 37% to 41.85 million, and financial data services by 7% to 83.91 million.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The current corporate Internet + voucher model is now gaining market certification, and companies are continuously strengthening their core strengths in the one-stop Internet service platform and large-volume users, further upgrading the overall service capacity and level of the Internet platform and bringing about better synergies
It should (e.g., convert financial information users into voucher users). In addition, benefiting from capital market dynamism and the continued roll-out of follow-on capital market reform policies, Eastern wealth as an Internet voucher dealer will also be at a reasonable level in comparison with the valuation of business companies (like smooth, constant electronics) and will continue to be given to companies.
“buy-in” investment proposal, subject to expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificate (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The company may use or make any action based on information or research prior to receipt of the report. A group voucher (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any loss or loss resulting from the use of the report.
This report is not intended to promote or induce customers to trade in the certificates mentioned in this report. _Capitalgare#2iii2Taibei Hong Kong Shanghai 12 August 2020