Events: Eastern wealth announced its semi-annual performance report for 2020, yielding a total of $3.34 billion, an increase of 67.1 per cent, and mother ' s net profit of $1.81 billion, an increase of 107.1 per cent.
▪ The Eastern Wealth Report has outperformed expectations, continued high growth performance, and the Fund has performed well: 1) Business Income in the first half of 2020 was +67.1 to 3.34 billion yuan in the same year, and Mother ' s Net Profit was +107.1 to 1.81 billion yuan in the same year. q2 of this +54.0% in the same year in 2020, Ring
This continued to increase, driven by a 57.3 per cent to 27,357 million increase in the securities trading balance of securities agents over the same period, and a continuous increase in the Fund ' s daily holdings (more than 70 per cent of the Fund ' s operating income is contributed by the Fund ' s sales tailings and sales services fees), resulting in a rapid increase in the Fund ' s operating income.
▪ Debtable Supplemental Portfolio Operating Capital, Brokerage and Merchant Business Markets are expected to continue to rise: The net revenue from fees and commissions in the first half of the year was equal to between +42.3 and 1.260 billion yuan, clearly better than the market performance. We judge that with the growth of market activity in the second half of the year, corporate capital has increased, and the brokering sector has increased.
The net interest income achieved in the first half of the year was between +95.8 per cent and $490 million (which is significantly higher than 1.60 per cent in the first quarter of the year), and our judgement is that strong corporate development of the two-way business helps to increase the stickyness of high-quality households (with higher risk preferences and relatively more dynamic transactions), and that the market share of the two-way business will accelerate.
The portfolio’s operating capital, of which up to $6.5 billion will be used to expand the size of the business and raise the market share, is expected to continue to grow at a high rate as capital money is replenished. The basics are good, the funds are growing smoothly, and a new era of wealth management is envisaged: 1) the efficiency of the company’s operations is high
High, declining cost of Eastern financial securities (from 59.0 per cent at the end of 2018 to an outstanding flow advantage in sex and product distribution channels in the first half of 2020), smooth growth of fund sales, further optimization of income structure, and revenue from commissions and sales services as a percentage of financial e-commerce services operations
Keeping up with high growth, looking at long-term growth, raising the proportion of income. 3) As the EDF products get online, companies formally move into the wealth management room 2020-07-18.
Markets, third tier of liquidity, accelerated start-up, looking forward to companies demonstrating three natural core advantages of customer capital, platform systems, operating costs in the area of wealth management, future creation of fund products, investment clients, coupons, retail wealth management poles.
Question: Client asset allocation will be very promising.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the equity industry will expand further as the company moves into a stock transfer period, build up capital strength, add up to the third tier of the Fund’s upward flow to speed up the start, and stay firm to zero.
The company is expected to return to its mother's net profits in 2020 and 2021, respectively.
Figure 7: Net profit and increase in Eastern Bank securities 2015 - 2020h1
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board