July 28, 2020 Eastern Wealth (300059.sz)
1h2020 performance rating: Internet coupons hit, 1h20 net profit yoy up by 108%; Eastern wealth semi-annual performance forecast, with companies projected a 67 to 3.3 billion gain in 1h20, net
In terms of valuation, the current valuation is relatively reasonable. Overall, the growth in revenue from the 2q seasons was between 54% and 1.7 billion, with a net gain of 93% and 900 million.
Securities subsidiaries perform better than industry: they have benefited from capital market turnover since this year, and public securities-related revenues have performed better. In terms of securities subsidiaries’ performance, previously published by the company: Eastern wealth securities 1h2020 fees and net revenue from commissions (mainly as a contribution to brokering)
In view of the current pressure on bond dealers in terms of commission rates, net revenue from Eastern securities and commissions has continued to grow faster than the market equity base. In addition, net interest income has increased faster.
And it's also faster than the two-fold balance, reflecting the firm's strong growth capacity in its securities business, and the corresponding market share is expected to rise further. Overall, the equity subsidiary's total revenue increased by 51% to 1.9 billion, with a net gain of 72% to 1.1 billion, which is better than the industry average (based on the number of industries previously announced by the CACCP).
According to the report, the securities sector in 1h2020 achieved a total revenue of $213.4 billion, an increase of 19.3 per cent over the same period; net profit realization nearly doubled the income from sales of the Fund's operations: in a context of active market turnover and high investor enthusiasm, revenues from corporate e-commerce services (revenues related to sales of major daily fund network funds)
Prospective earnings and investment proposals: The company’s Internet + voucher model is now gradually being market-tested.
In addition, companies have benefited from capital market activity by strengthening their core strengths in one-stop Internet service platforms and large-volume users, further upgrading the overall service capacity and level of the Internet platform and bringing about better synergies (e.g., by converting financial information users into voucher users).
As well as the continued roll-out of the follow-on capital market reform policy, Eastern wealth as an Internet voucher dealer will also be at a reasonable level in comparison with the valuation of business firms (as in the case of smooth, permanent electronics) and will continue to offer investment proposals for “buy-in” as well.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is given as follows: Chinaresearchdept. This report is prepared by Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions on the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will either have an opinion or stand on the certificate described in the report i@ or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf or on behalf of others. This report is not used to sell or induce customers to trade the certificate mentioned in the report.
_capitalgare#Taibei Hong Kong Shanghai 28 July 2020