The 22-year deduction of non-mortality net profit increased by 30.86%, business performance re-innovated by Shinko Semiconductor, and the 22-year deduction of non-mortality net profit increased by almost 31% over the same period.
The net profit from the non-mortality is 1.996 billion yuan (yoy+30.86%). The company has accelerated the growth of its new equipment operations in the 4022th quarter, reaching a 10gw mark for its photovoltaic reverse transformer for 22 years.
S098012080002 transformer orders are growing rapidly. According to photovoltaic tender data, the median capacity of the 22-year capricious transformer was 10gw, with a concentration reverse, with a significant increase in the share of the country’s municipalities, ranking fourth.
The company’s power-drive system continued to grow in 22 years. In the context of spare parts shortages, the company’s auto-drive system was expanded rapidly and its products were widely available in high, medium and low terms, thanks to the autonomous supply of power devices and sensors.
Three power bands. According to Ne-era data, the number of new domestic energy vehicles on board the car igbt module continued to increase in 22 years, with a supply of 63.28 million units in 22 years using the vehicle igbt module. In 22 years, approximately 63.28 million sets (12.4 per cent) of new domestic energy vehicles on the vehicle igbt power module were installed.
4th place. For 23-24 years, the company, based on becoming a supplier of the Fareoigbt module, is expected to deliver more than 2.5 million units, which are expected to be phased in. In addition, to match market demand, the company has set up an 8-inch low-pressure device extension project with an annual capacity of 720,000 pieces to support power after 24 years.
The track market is growing steadily, and the company's business base is being consolidated. The company's 22-year track is moving steadily, looking forward to 23 years, with the acceleration of construction in the city after the epidemic and increased demand for high-iron replacements, the business is expected to increase.
Rapid growth. Prior to that date, the cumulative revenues of the company ' s railing operations in 1-3022 had been 7.2 billion: 5,703 million yuan for the transit of electrical equipment and 783 million yuan for the orbital engineering machinery; 374 million yuan for the communications signal business; and $342 million for other orbital transport equipment.
Investment proposal: We take a look at the company's leading technology and core of high-pressure gbt, sic, etc. power devices.
Time Electric (68817.sh) - Power-driven systems and power devices double-wheel drive, new figure 1: Company operating income and growth over the last five years (billions, per cent) Figure 2: Company net profit and increase over the last five years (billions, per cent)
Figure 3: Company collection structure for the last five years of sub-products (%): company Māori rate for the last five years, net interest rate (%): company cost rate for the last five years (%)
Figure 6: Companies ' R & D inputs and their share of revenues over the last five years (millions of yuan, %) Authors ensure that data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future