In the first three quarters of the year, the main industry continued its high profile, and the China-South tour began with the opening of Wangjira, the social services/tourism and landscapes, which grew by 69 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters of the year 2023, with net profit on a year-on-year basis and loss on a year-on-year basis.
The deduction of the non-net profit of $630 million, which represents a positive gain of 37.2 per cent for the same period, affected profits of approximately $2 billion in the first three quarters of the year, and the deduction of the non-net profit of $160 million, which was the result of a significant increase in the same ratio of non-net profit, mainly due to the high turnover of passengers at the airport and the upgrading of property.
s098020060003 airfields/passenger throughput/mail throughput by 127 per cent/174/155 per cent, respectively, with overall recovery continuing at q2. At the same time, the company ' s real estate business moved forward and q3 real estate sales continued at q2.
During the National Day (29 September - 6 October 2023), Sanya airport is expected to continue to grow.
Flight landing/passenger traffic grew by 18% and 17%, respectively, in 2019. With the start of the new winter/spring season for civil aviation, Hainan is expected to move gradually into the traditional season, and it is expected that the flow of passengers at Sanya airport will continue to rise above its highest level in the past.
In September this year, the Sanya Airport II trial was opened free of charge, raising the overall area of operations to 6800 square metres, and raising tax-free earnings. In addition, Hainan is moving ahead with the pre-containment phase, the fall of internationally renowned brand names, and world-class leisure.
The company is expected to benefit directly from its core advantages, such as a key airport position at Hainan and a commercial resource for tax-free poles at Seagate Square. Hainan Airport (600515, sh) – the main business back in the first half of the year, Hainan Self-Trade Card
Heinan Airport (600515.sh) 2022 under pressure, Port of Trade Port, Hainan Airport (600515.sh) - Restructured Focus “Airport + Tax Free”, Key Card Gas, leading to good growth in company airport ownership, and Heinan is expected to enter the traditional season in November to support passenger flows.
As a central beneficiary of the construction of the Hainan autonomous port, companies are expected to enjoy a certain certainty premium on their scarce cards, such as airports and cities in Hainan. Combining their current valuation levels with the company’s advantage of the flow card as the leader of the construction of the South autonomous port, they maintain an “uptake” rating.
In 2023, income increased by 69 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the three quarters alone, with net profits and losses on a year-on-year basis. In the first three quarters of 2023, $1.17 billion, or 372.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the company achieved revenues of $1.17 billion/+69.4 per cent in the three quarters alone; net profit on the return of mothers was $210 million/-87.4 per cent, and land concessions and taxes on the South China Sea affected profits during the same period last year.
About 2 billion yuan; the net profit from withholding is 160 million yuan, which represents an increase of 158.4 per cent over the same period, and the non-recurring gains and losses are attributable to government subsidies of 50 million yuan. Since this year, the significant increase in corporate income and net profit from withholding has been mainly due to the impact of high airport passenger flow and the upgrading of property.
Three-quarter passenger flow at Sanya airport remained high and real estate operations continued to de-escalate. q3-owned seven airports registered an increase of 127/174/155 per cent in landing/passenger throughput/mail throughput, respectively, with July-September passenger throughput returning to 118/123/114 per cent in the same period in 2019 and an overall recovery of q3 continuing at q2 level.
At the same time, the company ' s real estate business moved forward with the de-diversion of the q3 real estate sales project, with 33,000 square metres/+23.12 per cent of the area contracted and $50 million/+25.42 per cent contracted; the property delivery is expected to be smooth this quarter.
During the national holiday (29 September-6 October 2023), Sanya airport flights started with a drop/passenger abstinence of 18% and 17% respectively in 2019. With the start of the new winter spring season in civil aviation, Hainan has also begun.
In September this year, the Sanya airport opened its second phase of a tax-free trial, raising the overall operating area to 6,800 square metres, and helped raise tax-free earnings. In addition, Hainan is moving ahead in an orderly manner with the closure.
The project, which is expected to further enhance its global profile, includes internationally recognized brands and the creation of world-class recreational resorts. With the company’s central advantages, such as card posts at the key airport in Hainan, and tax-exempt commercial resources at the Oceanic Moon Square, the median line is expected to benefit directly.
The company’s airport owners are growing well, and Hainan is expected to enter the traditional season in November, which will support the flow. As a central beneficiary of Hainan’s self-port, the company’s scarce positions at Hainan airport, city, etc. are expected to enjoy a certain premium.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.