In the event of the company's release of the 2023 quarterly report, the company collected $4.54 billion in the first three quarters of 2023.
The Hainan tourist market has experienced good demand, the airport business climate has continued, benefiting from high demand for summer trips in the country, with the q3 company flying flights to and from the airport/passenger throughput/mail throughput increasing by 127 per cent and 174 per cent and 155 per cent, respectively, from the core airport, San Phoenix Airport.
The drop-out/passenger throughput/mail throughput increased by 135 per cent and 174/260 per cent respectively, returning to the traditional season, with more than 108,000 flights planned at the company ' s airports, and the prospect of faster passenger flow recovery beyond the highest level in the winter and spring season. In addition, San Phoenix Airport has been expanded in three phases.
The construction of Phoenix Airport, which is scheduled to begin at the end of November, will meet 30 million annual demand for throughput and further expand the airport load.
q3 Hainan Island has achieved duty-free sales of $8.64 billion per year +44 per cent, shopping items of 10.664 million per year + 300 per year + 27 per cent, shopping people of 1.52 million times + 92 per cent per year, and the rise in passenger flow has led to an increase in duty-free sales off the island.
In September, cdf Three Phoenix Airport Free Shop II opened with an additional 0.5 million square metres of duty-free operation, which is expected to boost the company’s tax-free business. At the same time, the company’s real-estate business continued to de-emerge, and q3’s real-estate sales were awarded an area of 33,000 square metres per year + 23%, with a contract value of $50 million/+25%.
In the first three quarters of the year, corporate sales/management/finance costs will be about $2 billion in profits from land concessions in Mingju Island in the South China Sea for the same period.
The company ' s core assets at Hainan Free Trade Port, with multiple traffic hubs and deep-seated duty-free operators, are expected to perform well at Hainan Airport.
The company is expected to return to the mother-in-law in 2023-25 for the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute, which has committed itself to producing this report independently and objectively. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Union securities, joined by China’s Galaxy securities in July 2022.