Hainan Airport (600515.sh) 23q3 rating: airport height, accelerated de-mining of property, loss of value: 4.537 billion yuan per year + 53.6 per cent in the first three quarters of 2023
A total of 335,000 aircraft sorties were flown, an increase of 135 per cent over the same period, with 5.28 million passenger throughput, an increase of 174 per cent over the same period, and 139,000 tons in mail and mail, an increase of 93 per cent over the same period. Although the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers has gradually recovered in the third quarter, the attraction of Hainan as a tourist destination continues to be considerable, with a strong push for corporate revenue and gain.
The company is deeply involved in off-island duty-free operations, including stock-free and Melanes airport stores, which are tax-free, rent-free, rent-free in-house in two city stores in Oceanic and Day Square, and rent-for-carrying stores.
Tax-free sales of $8.64 billion were achieved on the island of Hainan, 23q3, a 44 per cent increase in the same year, purchases of 10.64 million items, a 27 per cent increase in the same year, and purchases of 1.52 million people, a 92 per cent increase in the same year. Although per capita contributions declined, as a result of consumer power and counter-purchases, the growth in passenger flows remained steady.
With the subsequent recovery in consumption and the rise in the Hainan tax-free supply, duty-free sales off the island are expected to continue to grow and contribute to the company’s growth in performance. The company will accelerate the process of delocalization of property, focusing on high-quality core business in the future.
(b) The company rents 478,000 floors and 23q3 rent revenues of $135 million. With the return of the main business landscape, the liquidation of the debt, and the disappearance of the property, the company’s profitability is expected to continue to improve:
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: As important players in the construction of Hainan Free Trade Port, we expect to benefit from policy and development dividends, and look forward to long-term growth in airports and duty-free operations.
Risk factors: less than expected passenger flow, more productive capacity, less than expected sales of tax-free shops, policy risks.
General Manager. In 2022, he joined the SUD, the second in a new wealth zero suit, the crystal ball, in 2021. He joined the SUD, in November 2022. He covered cosmetics, medical beauty, social services. Li Bong Jing, Master of Champagne, University of Illinois, Bachelor of Economics, University of Finance and Economics, in November 2022.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting granted by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.