Howell Group (603501.sh) net profit grew by 48% in the first half of the year, and vehicle and emerging markets increased significantly.
Annual report for the first half of the year, business income of $13.95 billion (yoy15.42 per cent), mainly applied to smart motor drivers and image sensors in emerging markets, increased considerably in size; huhui2@guosen.com.cn
The net profit is 2,028 million yuan (Yoy48.34 per cent) and 1,951 million yuan (Yoy zhangdawei1@guosen.com.cn Automotive Infiltration Rates are accelerating, Carborne Cis releases new dynamic growth.
Sensor operations generate revenue of 3,789 million yuan (yoy3.04%) and continue to consolidate the company’s leading advantage in this area. The company’s latest generation of car image sensors based on theiacel technology is s098052508004.
Keeping industry in the lead and gaining broad client recognition; and introducing new sensors using nyxel near-infrared technology, which are widely applied to driver surveillance systems, further enriches the matrix of car regulation products. Smart cellular demand for old products, new products start a quota-up cycle.
Sensor operations generated $3.920 billion (yoy-19.48%), mainly due to the near end of the life cycle of the high-end image sensor ov50h, which led to a gradual reduction in product demand. In response, the company accelerated the development of new products with a 52-week maximum/minimum price.
The company’s 200 million pixel image sensor product has been certified for import. Emerging markets have increased significantly, and are expected to become a new growth point in corporate performance.
Sensor operations generate 1,173 million yuan (yoy249.42%), mainly benefiting from rapid expansion in the landscape and motion cameras, smart glasses, etc. Corporate image sensors can still provide clean-up in high-speed motion scenes, with the advantages of high pixels, high resolution, wide range, excellent low light performance and low power consumption.
Clarity, stability, and fluidity provide critical support for the image quality and stability of the panorama and motion camera. The company ' s lcos-related products have the advantage of high resolution, compactness, low productivity, and low-cost competition, which can provide an integrated, single chip for smart glasses to show solutions.
Investment proposal: maintain a “better than the big market” rating. We look at the company's leading edge in the field of cis, and look at the strong growth dynamics of vehicle-borne and emerging market image sensors, which are expected to run in 2025-2027.
Welle shares (603501.sh) - net profits increased by 545 per cent in the previous three quarters, high end mobile phones, Well shares (603501.sh) - profits increased by 793 per cent in the first half of the year over the same period, smartphones, Well shares (603501.sh) - high-end smartphones and car electronic applications,
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and rate of increase (billion yuan, %) Figure 2: Corporate quarterly operating income and rate of increase (billion yuan, %) Figure 3: Corporate net profit return and rate of increase (billion yuan, %)
Figure 4: Quarterly net profits of the company to the parent (billion yuan, %) Figure 5: Share of the company ' s sub-products in revenue, Figure 6: Māori rate of the company ' s sub-products (%)
Figure 8: Corporate Mäori Rate, Net Interest Rate, Cost Rate (%)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject