Howie Group (603501.ch): Second quarter profits grew robustly, looking at the long-term growth space of companies — reiterating the Howie Group's “buy-in” rating: second quarter of the Howie Group and first half of the year's financial returns
First, the company’s car ciss grew strongly, with 37% of the income in the first half of the year, almost equal to the income of the machine cis. Second, mobile phone cis products are expected to enter the new product this year.
Third, companies enjoy the double dividends of industry growth and share enhancement in the fields of iot, including sports cameras, panoramic cameras, etc. At the end of the day, companies invest heavily in vehicle-borne analogue products, which are expected to open up the growth space again.
• Second quarter performance is largely in line with market expectations: in the second quarter of this year, the Howie Group generated income of billions of yuan, all of which saw a significant increase in the same ring ratio. In the first half of this year, automobiles, medical care, and others
• Performance highlights and outlooks: 1) maintain strong R & D inputs and maintain technological leadership and product overlaps. 2) The company has achieved global leadership in cis targets. With the introduction of new products and customers, there is room for growth for both cell phones and automobiles. 3) Robust auto simulations.
The size of the market is expected to be close to the size of the camera chip demand. 4) Positive layout sideai. • Valuation: we use dcf valuations, with a risk-free rate of 1.8 per cent, and assume that Howie collects investment risk: global macro-policy volatility affects national economic growth: smartphones, new energy
The demand for end-points, such as source cars, has grown less than expected, and the demand for mobile phones or high-end car cameras is weaker than expected. Upstream cost increases have resulted in insufficient action on the price of the company’s products.
It's not enough to meet demand. The semiconductor cycle goes down and the company's business growth is weak.
Figure 5: Howell Group Free Cash Flow Forecasts Chart 6: Howell Group dcf Valuation Forecasts
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected.
(b) The growth of end demand, such as smartphones and new energy vehicles, is less than expected;
(c) Increased competition in the industry and pressure on the company's Māori ratio;
(a) Companies have a competitive advantage in the industry, with a continuous increase in the city's share;
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report, Pilgrim International, states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Group Information and other publicly available information of the Cards Group, which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) (Systems Trading) and the Fourth (Providing Comments on Securities) Group-Poo-Silver International Securities Company Ltd. (collectively “Poo-Silver International Securities”). All information is collected from persons considered to be unauthorized.
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters and shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any of the transactions covered in this report.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not make any investment, withdrawal or other financial decisions or actions based solely on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements, with multiple risks and uncertainties, in addition to statements of historical data.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Poo-Bing’s international securities. Poo-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, affiliated companies (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described in this report or related companies, and may from time to time be bought or sold.