Renovation of the Silver World Global Market's Wise Investment Corporation, Howie Group (603501ch) with robust performance in the first half of the year; maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
Currency, driven mainly by double-digit growth in analog solutions (year-on-year + 21 per cent) and distribution (year-on-year + 42 per cent) (11.3 per cent over the same period last year). The sales of corporate core business cis (image sensors) were worth $10.3 billion to the Chinese semiconductor.
The new height of the currency (11 per cent over the same period), in which cars, security, the network of new and emerging goods and medical ciss were growing, Yang Tianwei, ph.d. had a favourable position in the cis market, especially where cars and medical ciss were among the leading players.
Jang Won-sung is still the main driving force behind the company’s growth. Car Chis earns $3.8 billion, compared to Chiang Ka Ho.
This business growth was driven mainly by a rise in adas penetration and a strong demand for cabin imagery. With about 30% of global market shares (techinsights) driven by China’s “brain power” policy, we expect company car cis sales in 2025/26.
▪ The first half of the year was under pressure from cell phones (income drop of 19 per cent on the same year). This was mainly due to the shift in the product demand cycle, the average circulation in March (million yuan) (the end of the ov50h product, resulting in a decline in demand), and the Chinese smartphone market.
Field recovery has been slow (with a 3.3 per cent increase in domestic cellular output in the first quarter, driven by subsidy policies; however, demand has fallen in the second quarter, with the same volume, the ring, falling by 4 per cent and 4 per cent). We believe that smart cellular market demand will increase in the second half of the year due to seasonality, but Howie's mobile phone is expected to earn the same income throughout the year.
Xiao Xing Weihouse Equity Investment Fund — Emerging Property Networks and Medical Cis — has seen an outbreak of growth and a gradual recovery in market demand.
Cameras, xr, boosts of machine visual needs, and revenues from new and emerging items networked in the first half of the year increased significantly by RMB 249 to RMB 1.2 billion. Medical cos increased by RMB 68 to RMB 443 million in the same year. Security cos increased by RMB 17 to RMB 827 million in the same year, benefiting from high-end products (nyxel technology) gradually becoming clients.
Acceptance and a recovery in market demand. We expect that in 2025, we will maintain a high growth rate of 230 per cent and 50 per cent, respectively.
We look forward to a slower growth in the cis, a pressure on the Maori ratio (distribution ratio, resulting in a change in product structure), taking into account next year's incremental upswing in cell phone cis and improved profitability (cmbination 2026).
Figure 2: Howell Group Dynamic Market Gains
Figure 4: Silver Fund International Forecasts vs. Bloomberg Unanimously Projected