In the current reporting period, total operating income reached $23,198 million, an increase of +52.7 per cent, and net return of $4,947 million, an increase of +12.09 per cent;
This represents about 49.9 per cent of the net return (including taxes) for the current year, and only one bonus for the year.
The first major shareholder, Jiangsu Transport Holdings Ltd., has a share of 54.44 per cent. Main company operations, investment in toll bridges in Jiangsu province, construction, operation and management of total stock/flow (billion shares)
The company is the only listed road bridge enterprise in Jiangsu province with a total market value/flowing value of hundreds of millions of yuan, focusing on the continuous improvement and integration of high-quality road bridges in the Sunan Road Network.
The highest/minimum price in 12 months, in addition to the Sanang sector, is found in the Ningang, Ning, Yui, Ning, Ning, Ning.
The Yangtze River Bridge and the Toll Road Bridge in Jiangsu Province along the river highway, the River Shaan Bridge, the Sugahang Highway and the Changka Highway are all or part of their interests. > The main road bridge business, in terms of volume, is a weighted average flow of the company-controlled network, 24 years old.
Roadbridge Masters: In terms of revenue received, toll revenue was approximately 9,528 million, an increase of +0.17 per cent, or 41.07 per cent of total revenue; gross profit realized was $5,608 million, a rise of > > new energy power generation business: second-profit industry. 24 years, affected by wind resource factors,
There has been an increase in the amount of electricity on the Internet, resulting in electricity sales of around $720 million, or about 5.98 per cent of the total. The plate has been built around the generation of electricity access patterns, including a new landscape of new pathways that can be integrated, and strategic aspects such as the deployment of a clean energy industry across the road.
The gross profit contribution of the two major industries has reached 97.95%, representing the company’s core profits, dividends from financial assets, etc. Of this total, the return on investment was 1.78 billion, an increase of 21.5%.In recent years, companies have been actively exploring and developing transport + new energy operations to further expand the profits.
At the end of this report, there were 19 bridge projects directly involved in operating or investing, with a range of about 1,000 km of bridge controlled or equity participation. The total asset is about RMB 89,886 million, a direct equity subsidiary, as shown in the following graph:
The road industry continues to expand. According to the annual report, which revealed the “open bridge mileage”, 840 km in 19 years, 910 km in 23 years, and 1,000 km in 24 years, the company’s road output has increased year by year, and profits have increased.
The expansion of capacity must be accompanied by investment in new and re-enlarged projects, and the annual report discloses an overview of 22-24 years of investment, whereby companies rely on scientific and technological tools to manage operations such as magnification, charging, inspection, blockage, cross-fertilization and ensuring efficiency and efficiency.
Sustainability of performance and dividends. For the first time we covered, we gave an “enhanced” rating. Industry policy risks; risks of changing competitive patterns; risks of project investments; Pacific Securities Inc.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies referred to in the report, and may also offer licences for any of these companies. ]