Performance in the first three quarters of 2023 met expectations, profitability-related events: in recent days, companies have issued three-quarter reports in 2023, companies have achieved 160.47 in the first three quarters of 2023, their performance in the first three quarters of 2023 met expectations, and profitability has remained high.
2.23 pct. In the first three quarters of 2023, the cost of company sales, management fees, and financial fee rates were split.
The company contributes $100 million to the Hunan Eye Public Interest Foundation, mainly for screening for visual health in schools, communities and rural areas, informing about eye health, creating eye health files, and providing shelter for patients.
Medical assistance is provided to pupils and students with impaired vision and to the population in need, with a view to improving the health of the public's eyes in general, consolidating the results of the fight against poverty and effectively linking them to the rural renewal strategy, and contributing actively to the realization of “common wealth”.
\triangleright corresponds to 49.77, 38.79, 31.7 times, respectively, and maintains the “buy-in” rating, taking into account the success of the company's chaining model and the continued growth of demand in the market for ophthalmological diseases.
Risk factors: medical risk, human resources risk, goodwill risk impairment.
The seller's team has been working for over nine years in the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro at ppccjem and paraexel, joined in 2021.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, 2 years of experience in securities practice. Worked in research at the Minya Foundation, joined in 2022.
Sindam Securities, in charge of research in the pharmaceutical consumption and raw materials industry; Sindam Securities, in charge of research in the Chinese medicine and bioproducts sector; Zhao Chang-Sung, team member, Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University; Master of Information Management, Carnegie Melon University, 2 years of securities practice
In 2022, she became a member of the Cao Jia Lin, a member of the team, a master ' s degree in quantitative economics from the Linnan College of the University of Nakayama, two years of research experience in the pharmaceutical and biological industry, and in 2023 she became a member of the Cindera Portfolio, which was responsible for research in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, and icl.
Song Dan, member of the team, Master of Basic Medicine, Nakayama School of Medicine, Nakayama University, two years of experience in securities practice, two years of work in the innovative medicine research and development industry, Zhang Jong Tao, member of the team, Master of International Investment Finance, University of China and South, one year of research experience in the pharmaceutical biology industry, cpa (professional phase), former member of the Congzheng securities, joined the Sunda securities in 2023, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, vaccines.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.