El ophthalmology (300015.sz) Wang Wiescheol 23q3 plus 20% net profit per annum, buybacks add value and maintain a "buy-in" rating
\triangleright Corporate Performance: 3-quarterly reports issued by the company, with the company 2023q1-q3 receiving $16.5 billion, i.e. +23.0 per cent, net profit of the mother of $3.18 billion, i.e. +35.0 per cent, net profit of the deduction of $3.10 billion, i.e. the same amount
Dollars, yoy+20. Non-recurrent gains and losses are mainly due to off-the-shelf expenditures and the impact of fair value changes, which are about $400 million and $107 million less, respectively.
Continuing the steady growth trend. O3 combined Māori rate was 56.3 per cent, an increase of 0.1 percentage points from the same year to an increase of 25.4 per cent over the same period and an increase of 0.1 percentage points from the same year, of which the administrative cost rate fell by 1.3 percentage points, the sales cost rate increased by 0.1 percentage points and the R&D cost decreased by 0.1 percentage points.
The financial cost rate increased by 1.4 percentage points, mainly as a result of exchange gains and losses. Overall, the company’s gross interest rate was more stable and robust during the period. \triangleright
Repurchase of shares (part of which is used for equity incentives or employee holding schemes), approval of the maximum purchase price for repurchase, and a return of subsequent prices. \triangleright
Profit forecast: The company has steadily advanced the construction of regional ophthalmology centres in the central city and in the capital city of the main province. By the end of the first half of 2023, 229 hospitals, 168 outpatients and 123 ophthalmological centres and clinics in the United States and Europe have been outside the country, with a growing network of companies.
The chain advantage and scale effect will continue to emerge, and we look forward to a steady increase in the company’s future performance. Don’t be 44-fold, 36-fold, 29-fold.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... it is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in all or part of the report.