El ophthalmology (300015): three-quarters high performance increases, and extended M & As continues to advance 26 October 2023
The performance of the three quarters maintained a high rate of growth of 2023q3, with the company achieving operating income of $5.79,540.84 million, an increase of 17.22 per cent over the same period, or 20.07 per cent. Overall, there was a steady increase in the revenues of health-care institutions, which was added to the growth of the company ' s internal output.
The company announced on 26 October that it intended to trade through a centralized pool of its own funds.
In terms of the amount of the equity buyback, the company has indicated that the total amount of money to buy back the shares will be 200 million to 300 million yuan, the repurchase price The continuation incentive program will be located and will further lock in the company’s core talent and motivate the company’s employees.
On 20 September, the company indicated that Tianjin would be acquired through cash payments through its own funds.
China Air Securities Company: El ophthalmology (300015) Nashin Enterprise Management Partnership (NSC) has limited Henan El New Hope Eye Hospital 2022 and 2023 I: needs released
The company has a 50% or more interest in 19 ophthalmological institutions, such as the date-palm Al ophthalmology hospital. The company's outreach has been growing rapidly over the past quarter, long-term eye medical uniforms are growing robustly, mergers and acquisitions continue to advance, and medical institutions are being incubated continuously through in vitro culture, and
Quality medical institutions will be acquired with a good performance.
The ability to be more robust, with the epidemic re-inhibiting performance in the second quarter, will be accompanied by a further refinement of the company's chain layout to achieve a “1+8+n” hierarchy in the company's country, and to enhance the company's performance.
The therapeutic services industry maintains a high profile, and the company, as a leading ophthalmologist, expands and continues. As the demand for ophthalmological care continues to be released, the company's main business is expected to continue.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.