Mid-2023 Reported high returns on investment, rapid breakthroughs in industrialization of advanced processes Keyword: #importsubstitution
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2023. The corrosion equipment continues to be released, with 2023h1 revenue ends growing steadily by billions of yuan, or +33% of the year. The company’s corrosion equipment is growing in both the domestic and foreign markets, and the ccp equipment is at its disposal.
The most advanced international 5nm chip production line and the next generation of more advanced production line etching equipment have achieved multiple bulk sales, while the icp equipment has rapidly expanded its market and continues to receive bulk orders from leading customers.) Mocvd: 209 million yuan, or +24% of the new company ' s mocvd product.
The company is expected to continue to grow at a high rate of 2023h2 as orders continue to be delivered. The net profit from the non-repatriation of the company is $519 million, or +18%, and falls over the middle of the performance forecast, with 46.16% and 37.90% respectively for corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment.
Revenue of $484 million, an increase of about $457 million over the same period, a marked increase in the company’s net profits in the first half of the year, the main change to be the net gain of $406 million from the tax on the sale and disposal of the shareholdings in technology.
Quarterly reviews: steady growth in performance, contracts. While consolidating the competitive advantage of existing products, companies actively promote new product R&D and open up market space. 1ccp devices: in the logical field, most of the ccp etchings have been applied to more than 28nm
And most of the ccp etching applications up to 28nm form a more comprehensive coverage. In the storage field, hyper-high-wide carving machines have proven the ability of a 60:1-deep-wide structure on the client. 2icp Medium and Micro (688012): 2022
Equipment: Primonanovačp etching products have been certified on more than 100 icp etching processes on more than 20 customer production lines, covering 3dnand, dram and logical chips, and are continuously being evaluated: new orders are growing at a high rate throughout the year.
Internationally advanced 3dnand customer bulk orders. 3mocvd equipment: active layout of third generation semiconductor equipment, mocvd equipment for developing g. power-forming applications, continued enrichment of product lines from leading domestic and international customers.
The down payment key storage client validation assessment is currently progressing well; significant progress has also been made with the company ' s development of ald nitrogen titanium equipment for advanced storage and logical devices, which is expected to be delivered to client households at 2023h2. In addition, the company ' s pi equipment is entering the process validation and customer validation stages.
5 Measuring Equipment: The company’s stock participation in science, pre-positioning/testing equipment, and continuously increasing the shareholding ratio. With regard to capacity, in 2021, the company launched successive construction projects, such as Nanchang, the Hong Kong industry base, and the Hong Kong R & D & H headquarters, to lay the foundation for the company’s medium- and long-term growth as it accelerates its release.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.