Summary of events: On August 24, China Micro released its mid-2023 report. In 2023, the company achieved a robust increase in profits from revenues from its revenues. Thanks to the domesticization of semiconductor equipment, the company’s share of corrosion equipment continued \triangleright
On the other hand, in the first half of 2023, the company sold some of its holdings of high-tech shares, generating a net gain of 406 million after tax. In the second half of the year, H1 achieved a gain of 1,722 million yuan in corrosion equipment, an increase of 32.53 per cent in the same year, and mocvd equipment, an increase of 132 million yuan, a decrease of 34 per cent in the same year.
Research assistant Zhang Wenyu continues to break through advanced process capabilities.
In logical device manufacturing, the company's ccp equipment can effectively respond to Damascus etching requirements, and in storage device manufacturing, the company's ultra-high-height-wide corrosion machine has demonstrated on its client that it has the capability to carve 60:1 deep width structures. In the case of the icp corrosion device, the company's new product, Nanovavehp, is a new product.
1. China Micro Corporation (688012.sh) 2022 Annual Report Review: and Nanovalux roll-out, expanding the icp process coverage capability, cutting-edge dram profits at advanced logic, promising new products progressing by 2023/04/04
The process coverage in 3dnand reached 50-70%, and new applications, including the multi-crystal silicon mask in dram as opposed to the 12-inch 3d chip (tsv), were proven successful.
In addition to the strong growth performance of the main industry, the company has deployed multiple membrane equipment \triangleright 3. Medium and Micro Co. (688012.sh) in mid-2022:
1) lpcvd: The company ' s tungsten filling lpcvd equipment for high-end storage has been tested by key client laboratories 4. Medium and Micro (688012.sh) for advance testing in 2022, and the first volume machine has been tested on the client;
Review: strong order growth and higher profitability - 2022/0.2) ald: significant progress has been made on nitrogenated titanium filmald equipment for high-end storage and logical devices, which is expected to be delivered to clients for certification in the second half of 2023;
Breakthrough on the etching product, sediments are being imported in an orderly manner.)epi: Epi equipment developed with advanced process of silicone excavation is well under development and in process decomposition and -202/04/04
\triangleright Good company leads the process of nationalization of semiconductor equipment, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.