The performance of 2023h1 has improved significantly, with the etching of +mocvd being a double-wheel drive — the incident evaluation report of Sino-micro Inc. (688012.sh). Sino-Micro has published its semi-annual report for 2023: 2,527 million revenues in the first half of the year.
Iuzy@cfsc.com.cn etching +mocvd led to growth in revenue and increased profitability.
At the profit end, the company's overall Māori ratio was 45.89 per cent, an increase of 0.53 pct.
The Māori rate for corrosion equipment was 46.16 per cent, and the Māori rate for mocvd equipment was 37.90 per cent.The increase in Māori rate, combined with a non-recurring gain of $406 million from the sale of improved technology shares by the company, resulted in a 114.40 per cent increase in the net profit of the company's parent in the same year.
Increased R & D investment, expansion of the new integrated circuit equipment, increased R & D, deep-farm integrated circuit critical equipment, 460 million yuan in the first half of 2023, an increase of 32.96 per cent in the same year, as a percentage of income
18.22%. (1) Erosion equipment: For a continuous breakthrough for a single unit of 28nm and the following logical devices, film + optical detection equipment has not been used to modulate the ccp electrodes spacing of the modifiable electrodes developed by the Damascus etching process.
Reckoning 2023-04-24 Primosd-rie has entered the customer certification phase; ultra-high-height-wide corrosion machine 2 and China Micro Company (688012): new signature
The ability to carve 60:1 deep width structure has been validated on the client; the icp single has continued to increase, the mocvd device has entered the harvest and the silicon puncture etching process at the 3d chip of the 12 inch has been successful.
Period 2022-10-28, icp (6880112): rapid release of icp corrosion equipment in full compliance with 55nm, 40nm and 28nm logical chip manufacture,
Building on the requirements of the etching process, applications in the manufacture of chips such as advanced logic, advanced dram, more multi-line research and development, which continue to drive the development of the layout industry, multilayered 3dnand storage chips and unique devices have been expanded.
(ii) Sediment film equipment: the company ' s first cvd tungsten equipment has completed multiple process validation as scheduled and more applications are being validated; new critical equipment types, cvd tungsten and ald tungsten, for the production of high-end storage devices, have been tested by key clients
The first volume machine has been tested on the client; the ald titanium nitrogen device for advanced storage and logical devices is expected to be sent to the client for volume certification in the second half of 2023.
Actively expanding equipment in the panconductor area, enriching the product matrix Companies actively expanding their applications in the semiconductor key equipment area and exploring opportunities in other emerging areas. Prismounimax equipment expands the company’s mocvd equipment
Product lines, companies are working with more customers to evaluate equipment and expand the market. Companies are also following market trends, and specialized mocvd devices are being developed for micro-led applications.
A third-generation semiconductor equipment market, mocvd equipment prsmopd5 for the production of nitride power devices, has now been delivered to leading domestic and international clients for certification and is developing a new generation of nitrous power devices for the manufacture of nitrous power devices.
Mocvd equipment. The company has also initiated the development of equipment for the extended production of carbide silicon power devices, and preliminary progress is being made on the laboratory prototype, which will be delivered to the client for production certification in 2023.
The business layout of critical area equipment maintains a “buy-in” rating. Downstream clients expand below expected risk, upstream supply chain capacity stress risk, trade and friction risk, technology overlap risk, etc.
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Kyotan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Seok, with four years of experience. 2023 reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor would I be taken into account in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.