Erosion +mocvd continues, new items such as film equipment progresses well, etching +mocvd continues to advance and harvests increase steadily. Company 23h1 achieved a revenue of 2,527 million yuan, compared to 28.13 per cent, of which corrosion equipment/mocvd equipment/requirements and spare parts and
On the most advanced 5 nanochip production line and the next generation's more advanced production line, the company's ccp etching equipment has achieved multiple bulk sales, more than 200 stations have been properly operated on the line, and the icp etching equipment has been continuously authorized for more etching applications and rapidly expanding.
Large markets also continue to receive bulk orders from leading customers.
Increased profits on a year-on-year basis, as well as the sale by the company of a portion of its holdings in 23h1 of the shares of Takutech Ltd., resulting in a net after-tax gain of about $406 million (non-recurring gain).
23H1's Māori rate for corrosion equipment/mocvd equipment is 46.16%/37.90%, and the Māori rate for combined sales is 45.89%, with increasing profitability compared to +0.53pt. Keeping high R & D properties, new items such as membrane equipment are progressing well.
Manufacturing links, 12 inches of high-end etching equipment developed by the company has been used on the most advanced production lines of internationally recognized households and in emails: wuwenji@cnpsec.com for a number of key steps in devices up to and including 5 nm.
Processing. At the 3dnand chip manufacturing stage, the company's plasma etching equipment should have been used for volume production on the 64th and 128th floors, while the company is developing very deep-wide etching equipment and processes according to the needs of the storeware customer: the company is also based on the logic device customer.
As of 23h1, the company has applied for 2,359 patents, of which 2,359 have been issued. The R & D investment of 23h1 is $460 million, or +32.96%, compared to the revenue earned.
At 18.22%, the company always emphasizes innovation and differentiation and maintains a high level of research and development input. The current progress in the company’s film equipment is as follows: 1) The company’s first Cvd Tungsten equipment was delivered by the end of the year to deliver a critical storage client validation assessment.
The certification process is now well under way, with multiple process validations completed on schedule, indicators met the target date, and more applications are being validated. At the same time, companies are taking on more logic and storage customer-to-customer validations, and the market continues to expand.
2) On the basis of the original cvd tungsten equipment, the company developed a new type of cvd tungsten and ald tungsten equipment to achieve higher depth-wide structure material filling, and the new type of cvd tungsten and ald tungsten equipment is the key equipment for the production of high end storage devices and has passed through key client laboratories
The company has also made significant progress with the development of ald nitrogen-based titanium devices for advanced storage and logical devices, many of which are internationally leading, and the laboratory of key clients.
The test yielded good results and it is expected that a volume validation will be carried out on 23h2 to the client. 4) Based on existing metal cvd and ald equipment products, the company plans to improve the advanced cvd and ald equipment product lines in order to provide advanced metal cvd and ald
Facility-wide solutions, further strengthening and logical storage of customer partnerships, full-scale expansion of the advanced metal cvd and ald equipment product market. 5) Epi equipment research and development team formed by the company, through basic research and adoption of the key
Clients’ technical feedback, pre-processing and expansive cavity designs that have developed autonomous intellectual property rights and innovations.
Risks of uncertainty in the external environment; risk of technology overlap; corporate governance risk: risk of energy stress in the upstream supply chain: downstream expansion less than expected. Data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is currently publicly available and, through independent judgement and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.