In addition, there has been an increase in the three main lines of activity and a net gain of $400 million in tax revenue from the sale of technology shares. In terms of revenue collection:
186.51/81.48 (1) Erosion equipment: Corporate corrosion equipment continues to gain greater customer approval both domestically and internationally, and market penetration is increasing. On the most advanced 5nm chip production line internationally and on the next generation of more advanced production lines, the company ccp etching
The equipment was sold in multiple batches, and more than 200 stations were operating properly on the production line. The company ' s icp etching equipment continuously approved more etching applications, rapidly expanding the market and receiving orders from leading customers.
This continued to be an absolute leader, with $2023h1, mocvd equipment earning $299 million, a year-on-year increase, mainly due to non-net profits net of current revenue and Māori growth over the same period of the previous year, and a net tax gain of $406 million (non-recurring gains) resulting from the sale of part of the company ' s stock holdings in technology in the first half of 2023.
During the year, the company ' s R & D expenditure totalled $460 million, the government grant was offset by R & D costs of $30 million and R & D of Sun Peak of $430 million net. As of 30 June 2023, the company had applied for 2,359 patents, of which 2,359 were patented.
Inventive patents 1,991; authorized patents 1,425, of which patents 1,202 were invented. (1) Erosion of Wang Haivey equipment technology; in logical chip manufacturing, the company developed 12 inches of high-end etching equipment to sustain international acquisition.
At present, the company is working to improve etching equipment performance to meet a number of key steps below 5 nm technology processing requirements, and has obtained and paid for duplicate orders. At the chip manufacturing chain, the company's plasma etching equipment has been used extensively for advanced three-dimensional flashes and dynamics.
Medium and Medium Micro Corporations: Performance depth rises with wide application, etching, random memory product. The company is committed to providing ultra-high-wide coverage (#40:1) and ultra-high-high-wide medium.
A full set of solutions for etching (60:1) and corresponding development of ultra-low-frequency fracp carving machines for ultra-high depth diaphragm etching, and ultra-low-frequency high-voltage radio frequency ccp corrosion machines for ultra-high-high-frequency radiation media etching, both of which have been field tested and are progressing well. (2) mocvd equipment technology:
The company's Prismoa7 equipment for blue lightled has taken a leading position in the global market for nitrazine eledmocvd; the high-temperature mocvd equipment for deep ultraviolet lightled has been used by industry's leading clients to certify and obtain duplicate orders for deep UVled production; and for Mini-led production.
The mocvd device prsmounimax has been produced on a large scale on the front end of the client: the mocvd device prsmopd5 for silicone nitrifying power has been validated and duplicated on the client production line; the equipment for the extension of the carbonated silicon power device is being developed and the prototype will be tested on the client side.
(iii) Evidence testing. (iii) Blank Sediment Equipment Technology: the company has achieved in a short time a number of significant breakthroughs in the development of the rpcvd equipment, delivery and ald equipment (atom deposition), and the development of a number of new products is moving fast. (iv) Bulk optical detection equipment: chip processing usually requires ten major types of equipment, including corrosion equipment, film deposition, light
Carving, testing equipment, which is the four types of semiconductor with the highest total value in the line of production, has fully covered the corrosion equipment and some of the film deposition equipment, as well as the optical detection equipment through the investment layout.
Post-sale services for equipment manufacturers are related to the ability of equipment to operate normally and steadily on the customer’s production line. With the technical and service advantages in the field of corrosion and mocvd equipment, the company has successfully entered the offshore and offshore semiconductor and led manufacturing enterprises, creating a stronger customer resource advantage.
At the end of the supply chain, firms build a global purchasing system and establish stable linkages with some 40 suppliers around the world. At the same time, they focus on the localization of parts and components, fostering a large number of home-grown parts and components suppliers in the country.
The level of supply of spare parts and services for the company ' s products has continued to rise. * Investment proposal: We maintain a profit forecast, with the company ' s operating income projected for 2023 to 2025 being 56.2/44.5/37.1. Given the company ' s leading position in the domestic corrosion of equipment and its four main product performances
Reciprocal chain risk; offshore access is less advanced than expected; product development is less than expected.