Bulls Group (603195.sh) Leadership in the Civil Electric Industry, Efficient Co-ordination of New and Old Business Research & In-depth Report
Light-work manufacturing: household goods (s098005201100004 □ Bulls Group: Leader of the Civil Electric Industry
• The Bulls Group was founded in 1995 and has gradually expanded from the plugs into electric power industries such as electrical connections, wall switches, light-led lighting, charge posts/guns, etc., and is an absolute leader in the country's civilian electric industry. Corporate revenue and profits grew robustly, with a compound increase of between 17.4 and 14.1 billion in 2016-2022 and a compound increase of between 14.6 and 3.2 billion in profits. □ Converter & Wall opening operations: traditional strong operations, solid growth pressstones.
• The conversion industry, which reached its maturity level of $15.3 billion in 2022, is expected to achieve a modest increase of about 2% in future sales, driven by product upgrades. It is expected that the conversion business will continue to grow steadily, following the upgrading of the product structure and the opening of overseas channels.
• The post-natal cycle properties of the wall switch are clear, with the industry expected to be close to 25 billion in 2023, and the subsequent scale is expected to remain stable. Bulls have successfully replicated the growth path of the converter (product-channel) through a card "design switch", with a projected 20% of the city in 2022. Following this, the market is expected to be further strengthened by upgrading the channels and expanding the product matrix.
At the end of the channel, the company continues to optimize its distribution channels, subject to rigorous screening and deep binding through high Maori, creating a network of more than 1.1 million channels across the country, with wide coverage. □led lighting & eco-goods: re-enhancement of scenes, re-use of channels and slamming of headlights
• Led lighting industry reached 274 billion in 2022, but the industry pattern is fragmented, with a projected 10%. The bull lighting business earned 1.4 billion in 2022, and will work together in the future through new and dynamic operations such as powerless lights, the creation of differentiated products, and the enhancement and renovation of the company, taking into account the development of the converter business, and it is expected that there will be more than double the growth of the company’s lighting business. □ New energy business: wide industry space, and increasingly the bull cloth bureau.
• Thanks to the rapid development of new energy vehicles, the boom in the power-filling stump/gun industry, which grew rapidly in 2023 over $50 billion, and is expected to maintain a 20% compound growth by 2026. The bulls have moved into the power-filling stump/gun industry in 2021, earning 150 million/+639% in 2022, and it is expected that the company-filled stump/gun business will continue to grow rapidly as channels continue to develop. In addition, the company has also moved into the fast-growing portable energy storage industry and is expected to move its advantages in the future, in synergy with technology development, brands, and channels.
□ Investment proposals: to watch new and old businesses and new and old channels work together, maintain the “buy-in” rating — firm cores are in the forefront of the industry, create strong branding effects and channel layout, watch companies move into more civilian electricians, smart households in related areas, achieve long-term sound operations and the 01 Bulls Group: leaders in the civilian electric industry
02 Translator & Wall Open: Traditional Strong Business, Steady Growth Voltage Voltage 03led Light & Ecology Class: Scene Reconsolidation, Reuse of Channels, Surrounding with Unowned Light 04 New Energy Business 04: Industry Spaces Wide and Bull Layouts Growing
Bulls Group: Leader of the Civil Electric Industry Bulls Group: Lead of the Civil Electric Industry from Homeworks to the Civil Electric Industry □ leader of the Civil Electric Industry Company for Years of Deep Farming Productions
1995-2007: Rise phase. Established in 1995, the creation of a lasting advantage in the conversion industry, from the manufacture of “high-quality” plugs to “safe” plugs. 2007-2020: nurturing phase. Formal entry into the area of wall switches in 2007; innovative implementation of the “visit sale” model in 2009; advance electric power suppliers in 2010; entry into the field of led lighting in 2014 on the basis of trust channels and brand advantages; development of digital components in 2016 in response to consumer electronics industry trends; introduction of external investors in 2017 to optimize corporate governance.
(a) To accelerate the opening of new lines of business by enabling traditional niches in marketing excellence, while actively promoting the deployment and digitalization of the Bulls Business Management System (bbs).
Digital fittings for power connections with weak power connections are then extended to products such as charge guns/posts for new energy sources (bottom technology is the same and brand knowledge and product relevance is high) Electrical extensions of wall switches to pre-loads such as led lighting, circuit breakers, bathhouses, dryers, etc. (consumption scene overlaps, in response to one-stop purchase needs) Electrical connections, smart electrician lighting and three main operational layouts for new energy sources: 1) electricity connections are mainly converters, digital accessories, etc.; 2) Smart electric lighting includes wall switches, etc.
Leed lighting (intelligent headlights) and ecological products such as circuit breakers, bathhouses and smart door locks; 3) new energy products are predominantly new-energy vehicles charge poles/guns, outdoor portable storage, etc. The company has now formed three major business plates, with a ratio of income by category: electricity connection and smart electrician lighting products
The year was marked by strong and strong management, with a high concentration of equity, relatively adequate incentives, management experience, a strong organizational structure and efficiency, and a decisive leadership in embracing smartness and Internet play, successfully defending the vanguard of transformational change.
(b) A well-organized and relatively flat management team, with a clear division of labour across departments, short decision-making guidance and efficiency, which underpins long-term business development.
The management team is professional and experienced, the management is solid, the equity is highly concentrated, the incentives are relatively adequate, and there is a high concentration of oral equity, with a clear family business identity. As of 20233, the real control of the combined shares of Nguyen Liping and Nguyen Xingping reached 84.0 per cent, the equity is concentrated and stable over time, and the security is stable.
The company has issued a number of stock incentive schemes and special talent-holding schemes since it was listed, covering a wide range of subjects and low target setting, building confidence, mobilizing motivation, and empowering companies to develop robustly in the long run.
Since 2020, a number of incentive schemes have been issued covering a wide range of subjects, family business characteristics, with the total shareholding of the realist to 84.0%, founder.
Nguyen Xueping, Nguyen Liping, good opportunity business.
Energetic lighting and new energy operations are growing rapidly.
Profit splits: profitability is excellent, Māori is still structurally upscaled Rapid growth in net profits, cost is well regulated, high Māori rates, high net interest rates Direct materials are dominated by copper and pc/pp plastics, which account for about 80 per cent of the cost and Māori rates are more affected by the price of bulk materials; structural smart electrician lighting (41.9 per cent) >electric connectivity (34.3 per cent) >New energy sources
(32.3%) The overall Māori ratio of 2023q1-q3 has recovered to 41.9%, and with the upgrading of traditional business structures and 2) the scale effect of the new business stability is expected to remain high, with the impact of rising prices, with product matrices well developed since 2021, price drops and multiple expansions of channels, and net profits sustaining double-digit growth. High Māori rates, high net interest rates, and higher corporate profitability.
Rates are better controlled over the period, sales rates are climbing up, and the rate of Maori for the smart electrician lighting product is the net profit of the mother (millions of dollars)
• Cost of sales — administrative rate — R & D rate
(b) Business model: high net interest rate and low-asset highroe, with higher alpha platinum available under the fast-discharge operating model
□ Civil Electric Industry: Product Properties: 1 does not have manufacturing and technical barriers; 2 products are more homogeneous to non-differentiated mass consumer goods, low unit prices, weak premium margins: on-site experience and near-purchase, with 20 main terminal channels dispersed, and the range and depth of channels determines the market's ability to store □ Bull's highly profitable alpha source: managed in fast-discharge mode of operation
1 “Admission Visitor” down in the millionth terminal; 2 “Advertiser” for low-cost marketing; 3 “Different Positioning” (e.g., Safety/Quality) for brand premiums Conversion & Wall Open: Traditional Strong Business, Steady Growth Ballast
Converters: Large discs are mature, products are still upgraded, converters (plugs, plugs) are used primarily for power switching, connecting power plugs, etc., are common items of energy safety and personal safety. Our converter industry is now in maturity: data from the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry show that our converter market was about 15.3 billion yuan/demand 510 million yuan in 2022, and in the last five years cagr, respectively.
Converters are predominantly for domestic use: by field of application, the proportion of household use is high, with the proportion of converters used in residential households/industrial enterprises/office space and other areas in 2021 being 70 per cent/23 per cent.7 per cent respectively. Converters products continue to evolve: as the demand for electricity products increases and fast-loading increases, the converters expand up to usb plugs, fast-filled mojos, nitrogen-melt plugs, screen plugs, etc.
New products, such as orbital plugs, are also more diverse in form, and we have a home-based approach to the insertion industry (2021) Converters: expected sales are stable in the stock age and prices remain on a small upward trend.
Volume outlook: By field of application, assuming that all households use 3.5 and that products are replaced every five years, it is estimated that in 2030 530 million households in our country will be added to each year; in 2030, taking into account the relatively high level of commercial losses, it is estimated that the average number of users will be greater than domestic use for a period of four years, and that in 2030 190 million business owners are expected to be sold at an annual rate of 190 million. Thus, it is projected that 560 million will be sold in our country in 2030 and a compound increase of 1.0 per cent in 2022-2030.
Price outlook: New product patterns are beginning to emerge in recent years, such as the Usb plug, the fast-filled cube, orbital plugs, and prices have increased significantly over the previous ones. It is expected that future prices will continue the previous growth trend and maintain the previous compound increase of 2% +. The average price of our plugs is projected to increase by 2.3% to 36 yuan per annum by 2030.
In 1995, the Translator Industry led the way by products, medium-term marketing, and later-stage barriers.
In 2001, companies became industry leaders at a rate of more than 20% of the market. In 2001, companies announced advertising, and brand brands moved to the country: after standing firm, companies concentrated their marketing resources in 2002 and took the lead in promoting advertising and increasing brand awareness.
In 2007, the public department made up more than 60% of the city in the area of outlets. In 2008, the company flattened the distribution system, eliminated the provincial generation, and unified terminal prices. In 2009, the company upgraded its “trader” to “visit sales”, regularly delivering supplies to the terminal and ensuring that the production of the bull is visible.
Bull plugs are becoming industry leaders, continuing to lead.
Upgraded in 2009 to `Carriers' in 1995 to `Innovation' in 1998 with 3 usbs at $49.
Colours, personality, out-of-box buttons, first in the eye.
For the comptoir, and the mouth plug, three months later, the press switch solves 20% and becomes the ad.
And it's also expanding, like, for hardware stores, groceries, cattle, imitation of millet.
An excellent store of demand and pricing as a city leader.
There's a wide range of bull markers, terminal controls, and it's in a prominent position.
Cows are now in absolute leadership in the converter industry, which is expected to be more than 70 per cent offline.  Cow converters earned about $6.7 billion in 2022 (state-based electricity connections of $7.1 billion/of which digital accessories are about 300-400 million), and companies increased their prices by about two times by 2020 (workshop prices of $14.8).
The top of the gap is the company’s 46% conversion gmv in 2023 and the rest of the brands below 8%. Trends suggest that the company’s upturn in online listings is also the highest in 2023, with gmv exceeding 5 pct in 2023 and foreign brands and tails being squeezed.
□ Development prospects: the converter industry is relatively mature and has a high market share, and firm converter operations are expected to maintain robust growth. Growth points are expected to: 1) product upgrades drive higher average prices: new products such as orbit plugs, overfill plugs, conversion plugs and so on have continued to be introduced in recent years, leading to higher converter holdings and a marked increase in average prices; 2) international market opening: the country is the main production base for global converters, while companies account for less than 2 per cent of overseas operations (0em-dominated), and future South-East Asia, etc.
It is expected that the overseas market will continue to contribute to this increase. The bull industry on-line with the platform converter industry leads and is in the process of upgrading.
Wall switches plugs generally refer to electrical switches and plugs used on walls. As a decorative item for electrical power, the wall switch plugs industry has benefited directly from the past developments in the real estate market, the developments in the renovation market and the upgrading of electrical holdings, and the post-real estate properties are more visible.
The number of real residential buildings/100 square metres/sets is calculated in towns and villages, and stock updates are calculated on a 12-year updating frequency, with household needs calculated at 35 households per year in 2015 and an annual increase of 1 per cent thereafter. Business needs are calculated in the same way. The price of the fenced-out plant is calculated at an average price of $7 per unit per plant disclosed by the company in 2020, assuming a modest increase thereafter.
In 2007, we opened the wall, successfully copying the growth path of the converter (product-channel) The product card "design switch": the company moved into the area of the wall in 2007. At that time, our wall was opened in two main categories, namely, ordinary white switches, mostly produced for domestic manufacturers, decentralized bureaus, highly competitive prices, decorative switches, mostly foreign or joint branding companies, and the market was concentrated in one or two-line cities at a price of more than $100.
In order to obtain more end area, the company upgraded its “visiting and marketing” to “boss marketing” and asked the distributor to visit the marketing point in person and obtain more goods.
In 2015, the opening of the company’s walls became industry’s number one. The company’s walls are relatively independent of the converter distribution system, with about 1,600 distributors and 120,000 terminal points.
The number of bull wall dealers is the largest: the city of bulls continues to rise, with a current rate of about 20%. In 2022, the bull walls were opened with revenues of about 4.5 billion dollars. According to previous estimates, the size of the fence was 23.3 billion yuan in 2022, and the company’s share of the city was about 20%.
Some foreign brands, such as Siemens, Schneider, and tail brands, have declined significantly, and the share of top-country brands has increased.
In addition, companies are building brand shops, which are expected to transform the converter’s share advantage into a walled share, and to boost the volume; and retail-based bull channels, with more demand for replacement, are also expected to benefit.
Competing advantage: strong supply chain management, cost advantage strong supply chain, build cost advantage: based on size and supply chain capacity, a company can maintain its own Māori ratio at a higher price than a larger market for its products. In the converter sector, rice's converter supplier's power future converter costs more than $30, while the bull's cost of manufacturing is $7.4 and the Māori rate is also higher.
In the area of walls, companies rely on parts and components to automate their own production, guaranteeing high value for money and a high Māori ratio through synergies with converters to purchase raw materials (all copper, plastic, etc.). Core business research and development has accumulated, with a large number of products: companies are investing continuously in R & D and technology has accumulated.
Cows develop better-priced and same-type products within four months and successfully resist competition in the industry. In the product type, the company’s product is being updated quickly, the product line is more complete, the price is large, and the demand for the various consumers is fully met.
A bull converter's Maori rate, power future converter's Maori rate, competitive advantage summary: branding precision, full marketing.
□ Brands: Precision, shop calls, building powerful barriers, taking advantage of the consumer's mind Precision: when a company opens a class of goods, it selects a different location and matches the consumer's needs, the seat is “safe”, the wall is “upholstered” and the light is “Eye.” Through continued product and publicity enhancement, the brand of the bull is gradually becoming a converter, a wall opener, thereby creating brand recognition.
In 2022, the company’s sales cost was only 5.68%, which was significantly lower than that of competitions such as Oprah Light, Raz International, and the efficiency of the marketing input of the bull was significantly better.
The bull shop is reaching out everywhere, and the sales show is striking, and the competitive advantages are summarized: the channels are constantly upgraded, the distributors are sticky, and the network is wide-ranging.
The distribution system is constantly being optimized, with strict screening: 1) there were three major upgrades to the distribution system by the company, from “sitting” to “trader” in 2005, to flattening channels in 2008, and “visiting” in 2009. 2) There is a flexible channel system for different categories of goods, with block-opening operations using county-level distributors, as well as block-opening and converter distributors, to ensure that the dealer's energy is assured. 3) Strict examination of distributors, which are tested annually by the company, with a turnover rate of about 15-20 per cent for company distributors in 2016-2018.
The company makes concessions to distributors, while the company makes concessions to distributors, the company/distributors/terminator network has about 35% Māori levels, respectively - depth and breadth: the company forms over 750,000 hardware outlets, over 120,000 professional decorations and lighting outlets, and over 250,000 digital accessories outlets, covering various urban and rural outlets, outlets, shops, professional markets, etc., with wide coverage and deep cooperation through the cultivation of distributors.
The number of bull terminals is far ahead.
Onstatezilli and push it up, reset the scene, re-placing with a lightless light, lighting industry: 300 billion sizes of common lighting, extremely fragmented industry patterns.
□led lighting has matured, the industry has grown to nearly $300 billion, and in 2022, the general lighting industry, with a GDP of $274 billion, accounted for one third of the total, and a business share of two thirds. With a combined growth rate of 1.4 per cent in 2017-2022, the general lighting industry has been largely stable, influenced by, for example, the high penetration rate of the led + the downside of the property.
The pattern is extremely fragmented, the head business is large and not strong, according to csa data, the lighting industry has been integrated in recent years, the head business market is concentrated, but it is expected to remain at around 10%, and the head business has an annual revenue of about $3-7 billion in lighting operations, but because of the low frequency of lighting consumption and low technology thresholds, the flagship brand is weak, the overall size of the brand is not strong, and there is no absolute dominant brand.
Low concentration in the general lighting industry, around 10% incr10 Low concentration in the common lighting industry, about 10% incr10 Near 300 billion sizes, more stable
Bull lighting: 1 billion + income scale, Māori to industry 1 billion revenue scale, Māori to industry to industry to industry _ 2014 to light industry, early in 2014 with light-source + hardware channel, mainly for standard items; better-designed, front-loaded lighting + decoration channel, Bullled lighting
The scale of the business is fast breaking by 1 billion, +31.3% to 1.4 billion in 2022. At the profit end: bull lighting has reached the industry headline level (about 35%), of which one base light source has already earned more than the lighting tap; two decorated lamps are growing more than ever; three lightless lamps are small but are standardized and have a higher unit price and are expected to be more profitable than traditional lighting.
- Classes: light-source operations continue to focus on the business sector; lamps strengthen the branding of “Eye” with differentiated product layouts around different channels of demand; and focus on headlight operations. 2) Channels: lamps are designed to combine the decorative channels, which are mainly sold and imported, leading to associated purchases, shop efficiency and guest stockings. In 2022, the company also stepped up its efforts to establish collaboration with some 200 head-loading companies and platforms, such as B-channels such as the Peak of Business, St. Paul, and Shells.
In 2022, the revenue from the bull lighting business reached 1.4 billion.
Lightless lamps are the type of light upgrades, and it is expected that the current retail size of the end market will exceed 10 billion headlamps will be used as the main source of light in the form of a combination of light, light and linear lamps, increasing the spatial dimension and being the type of upgrade of lighting products.
Cloudnet and the Shell Institute project that the current stock renovation rate is close to 58 per cent and will continue to increase steadily; 2) Price: The full houseless lamp for the Kecent Holy Light is budgeted at $4000-10000, taking into account design and installation costs, etc. The total flat price is estimated at approximately $10,000, assuming an increase of 3-4 per cent per year. 3) Permeability: Considering the requirement of the headless lamp for channels, hydroelectric cords, it is assumed that the penetration rate of the second renovation is lower than the rate of the new building.
No headlights: No headlights are still in import, no headlights are changing, no headlights are starting late, no headlights are scattered, the industry is still in import, the concentration is scattered and the competition pattern is fragmented. Participants include traditional lighting taps such as Opu/Rath/Stomapolar Lights, professional headlight brands such as Xi/Tevo, small
Smart home businesses such as Mi/Wawa/Orebo, and electric companies represented by bulls, among which smart lighting (with no headlights) from head brands is sold at less than 1 billion. □ Bulls have no headlights: bulls and beams are running, diffusing lights are operating in a secure and stable manner, and the products were hatched in 2021 and were launched in March 2022 at about 100 million sizes, and the supply chain base is fully operational, working together with industry and manufacturing advantages.
The two brands of the bulls operate differently from the one of the two brands of the luminous. 1 Bulls has been positioned as a standard item of high value value, circulating and promoting through existing marketable outlets, such as decorative channels, making use of the elite management and scale manufacturing capabilities of the bull's back-end supply chain, 2 Photolanding professional headlight brands, favouring a customized product of relative modular standardization, positioning a two-line urban high-end market, using the two-track driving model of the brand flagship + experience shop, close to 300 shops opened in 2023, and the door shop operation is gradually moving into a state of good quality, with a focus on improving the efficiency and quality of the door shop's operations.
The lightless industry is mainly involved in the distribution of players and price bands.
According to data on idc and cshia, China’s smart home market was more than 220 million units in 2022, with a volume of more than 600 billion yuan; and idc expects that smart households will continue to grow rapidly in the future at a combined rate of 15%. By 2025, the market is expected to reach close to 540 million units, amounting to 800 billion yuan. Smart households have more areas to break down.
In 2022, the company collected about 1.2 billion smart eco-products. Bulls built smart home ecology and solutions around the headlights, cut into eco-products similar to existing consumer scenes, eco-based layouts in the field of front-loading appliances, regularizing the search for white and black horse products, such as baths, circuit breakers, and emerging, low-intensity smart dryers, smart door locks, with full re-entry channels and supply-chain advantages, promising to sustain the dividends of industry growth.
Smart households are faced with different competing players in the sub-areas: re-enhancement of scenes, re-use of channels, full synergy of bulls □ as back-enterors of led lighting & eco-products, why should bulls break out of new business?
At the industry level: 1) companies choose to cut into the hundreds of billions of high ceiling markets, both in the led lighting industry and in the intelligent home; 2) in terms of competition patterns, led lighting patterns are extremely fragmented, and new low-infiltration industries, such as headlights, have not yet stabilized, and the firstcomers have not established an absolute brand power advantage, and there is still the possibility that they will run out later. Central is the full synergy and reuse of the traditional advantages of the bulls. 1) At the same time, the lowest advantage is the ability to create synergies and make the company’s back supply chain in terms of its smart management capacity and size, making the product different,
Prices and quality control; 2) reuse of channels for the sale of light sources, basic headlights and eco-type restorations through hardware channels, making full use of the widely distributed channel capabilities of bulls in the low-cost, widely reaching ant market; 3) synergy of scenes, in response to one-stop purchases, the integration of terminal points and the upgrading of specialized sales to provide support for intelligent pre-coalitions.04 Industry space is wide, and the bulls bureau is increasingly perfected.
New energy charge poles/guns: The industry is growing rapidly, and the future space is expanding rapidly to over 40 billion, with sufficient potential for future growth.
We have a fast growth in the power-filling pillar industry, with a new energy charger/gun in size (millions of dollars): the concentration of the public post market is high, and the private stake market is suitable for entry.
In 2023, according to the China Charging Union (CCU), there were 8.6 million charging posts, of which 5.87 million were held, 2.73 million were held and about 68 per cent were held.
There is room for entry into the private pillar industry: in the context of the rapid growth of the private pillar industry, the branding pattern has changed considerably, and there is room for entry into traditional brands, such as the bulls. And as some car companies are no longer going with their cars to fill the electric poles, it is expected that there will be a trend towards triangulation of the private stake market.
Bulls are in the top three sectors of auto charger equipment online, bull charge poles/guns: the product layout is getting better and it's getting better with high quality, and the company's product matrix is getting better in 2021.
In 2021, the bulls launched a new energy charger/gun product, building a full product matrix around a variety of electrical settings. Different products and solutions were introduced for end- and end-of-end users, ranging from power to price-rich. In 2022, revenues of 150 million yuan were increased by 639 per cent, while in 2023h1 revenues of 130 million yuan were increased by 195 per cent.
Thanks to synergies with previous operations in technology and supply chains, companies ' new energy charge guns/pumps have a certain advantage at the end of the price and are of excellent quality. 2) Charging poles/guns as safe electrotechnical products effectively extend the brand influence of bulls.
Bull chargers/guns are more expensive. Bull chargers/guns: the channel is gradually expanding and the channel is being infiltrated □ the company perfects the layout of the channels at end c and b
In 2022, the company set up a new Ministry of Energy, led by the head of the digital component industry, to develop an accelerated network of sub-c points using the distribution and distribution strategy, and to develop small b-channels such as 4s, auto mechanics, gas fittings, and small and medium-sized operators. As of 2023h1, c-channels have expanded to nearly 10,000 new energy truck vendors, auto beauty shops, etc.
At the end of the block, the bulls have now established a partnership with the National CyberWeb Technology Company (NCN subsidiary) to speed up the community’s landing of the bull-filled stump products by integrating the bull’s technical advantages and the operational capacity of the national network. At the same time, the bulls are working strategically with the Gilly New Energy Commercial Vehicle, which is expected to open further public charge boards and overseas cities.
The bull's pegs/guns on-line are equipped with specialized outlets, such as the New Energy Truck Retailer, and so on.
Small b: communities, industries, businesses Future directions: Portable storage can take hundreds of billions of races, bull advantage is expected to move, bulls are cut into the fast-growing portable energy industry, patterns are not yet in shape, bulls are expected to move.
With the growth in demand, such as outdoors and emergencies, industry is expected to reach $99.7 billion in 2027, with a 40% compound increase in 2022-2027. Overseas is the main source of demand, and our country is the main producer: man-portable storage could be sold mainly to the United States (47%), Japan (30%) and other regions in 2020, with a share of about 5%.
The industry is relatively fragmented: the portable storage energy sector is the first with a market share of 16.5 per cent, while the remaining enterprises have a market share of less than 7 per cent, the industry is relatively fragmented, and new entrants are growing at a high rate of power supply for the world's portable storage power source Distribution of demand for portable storage (2020) Portable storage area distribution (2020) with a decentralized pattern of output (2020)
In the future, the company is now selling portable power products ranging from 300w to 2,500w, and in 2023, the combined gmv of naughtying, kyoto and shivering amounts to $1557 million.
The advantages are expected to shift: 1) the advantages of scale, which will create a value for money for products: the firm ' s strong supply chain and production platform will make it possible to have a significant cost advantage for the company, with the bull ' s value for money highlighted through the Skycat platform, in comparison with products of the same type. 2) The technological capability leads the industry: the bull takes full advantage of the technology in power connections and digital fast chargers, constantly studying the key technologies such as battery management systems, low-power, efficient fast charging and reversals. The company participates in part 1 of the Distributive Storage Use of Lithium Ion Cells and Battery Performance Code: Household Storage Energy.
When more than a dozen national or industry standards are revised or drafted, the company’s technical strength is fully demonstrated.
Profit projections: smooth growth of converters and walls, light and new energy sources, smart electrician lighting, including walling, lighting, and smart household eco-products. Corporate fence operations are expected to achieve a robust growth rate of 10% plus lighting, driven by an increase in city occupancy.
It is expected to benefit from lower costs of raw materials and product structural upgrading, and the Māori rate is still relatively low in size, with the current high speed expected as product matrices and channels expand and the Māori rate for new energy products is expected to rise faster as scale increases.
Overall, it is expected that the corporate converter and wall core operations will continue to grow robustly, with lighting. A fcfe method is used to calculate the company's reasonable stock value valuation, while the key assumptions for each equity cash flow model obtained through sensitivity tests are the following, given that the valuation process is influenced more by the constant growth rate and discount rate:
• Sensitivity analysis of absolute valuations (in dollars) Bulls Group is a leading electrician business and is scarce in listed companies; since the business sector is part of the home-based industry, we choose to compare business with the home-based one, and Ming's head, i.e. Opo Light, Fuoshan Light, Euroland, with a wide network of channels based on core competencies, channel layout and financial characteristics.
Among comparable companies, the Bulls Group, because of its leading roe, currently values a relatively high premium on the market. On the one hand, the company’s main product plugs and wall switches are mainly sold through offline retail outlets and online, with excellent cash flow performance and strong consumer-goods attributes that guarantee firm’s steady annual growth cash flow; on the other hand, the company acts as a firm provider.
In particular, the calculation of free cash flows for companies over the next few years, the calculation of weighted average capital costs (wacc), the assumption of tv and the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies have been integrated into a very multi-person judgement, which has led to the risk of deviations in valuations, particularly as a result of optimistic estimates of the growth rates of company earnings and profits over periods of exposure and semi-domination.
The high value of the annual free cash flow calculation leads to the risk of an optimistic valuation; the weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm ' s absolute valuation, assuming that the risk-free rate of 2.5 per cent and the risk premium of 7.5 per cent in the calculation of Wacc may still be at risk of underestimation or recovery of these parameters, resulting in an overvaluation of the company ' s valuation; and I • when compared with the valuation, we compare companies close to the company ' s business, taking into account the company ' s growth and high Roe, and eventually giving the company 24-28 timespe, which may not take the market fully into account.
• Our performance projections for companies are based on assumptions about value for volume, product expansion, access expansion, and financial ratios. The assumptions involved are somewhat subjective, with possible and actual deviations in terms of profit forecasts for companies being higher than they actually are.
• The risk of increased competition in the civil electric sector. Markets are well competitive, involving a large number of domestic firms and internationally recognized brands, and products such as converters, wall switches, etc., as important control portals for future intelligent interests, attract many new and powerful firms to join the competition. In the future, the civil electric power and lighting industry is expected to remain more competitive, and there is uncertainty about the evolution of market competitive patterns, such as companies’ inability to adapt to new competitive situations and to consolidate and expand their previous competitive advantages, and they will face a loss in market share.
• The risks of new business not developing as expected. While consolidating and expanding their pre-existing competitive advantages, companies have built up power-filled cars, home-up homes, etc., around electric cars.
New business such as lamps, breakers, bathers, smart door locks, smart dryers, smart curtains, etc. But taking into account uncertainties about trends in related areas, competition in markets, changing consumer preferences, etc., does not preclude the risk that new business will not develop as expected. • Price volatility of major raw materials. Companies need raw materials for production, mainly copper, plastics, components, hardware, packages, electronics, etc.
The price of raw materials for purchases has a significant impact on the cost of the company’s main business. If future prices for raw materials are significantly higher or volatile, this will affect the company’s cost control and consequently the company’s performance. • Industry demand is not as high as expected.
Disposable income levels, consumer income structures, and consumer confidence indices affect consumer demand for consumer goods, including electricity connections, and smart electrician lighting. A slowdown or decline in macroeconomic growth in the country could lead to a decline in disposable income and consumer capacity, reducing consumer demand and purchasing capacity for corporate products, thus affecting the company’s business development and performance growth.
There are instances of stock-based commodity depreciation, stock-market price declines, etc. When product prices fall beyond a certain range, the company’s stock may be impaired, with adverse effects on the company’s performance and profitability. • Companies may lose their non-recurring revenues, such as government subsidies, and have a negative impact on profitability.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality through reasonable judgement and conclusion without any third party ' s approval or influence; author ' s past, present or future absence