The country’s market is growing at a high rate, new products are expected to grow, and the country’s market is growing at a high rate. 2023q2, the company has earned 2.969 billion \triangleright.
The sub-regional market shows that companies in Guangdong Province continue to pursue a strategy of intensive farming, with a marked improvement in regional imbalances, focusing on weak areas, with q2 reaching $1.037 billion, compared to +20.23%, ring q1 rising at a rate of 35%, corresponding to the same rate.
By comparison to 2.8 pct; outside the province, the north and southwest of China performed well, and, thanks to the ongoing completion of the distribution system and the opening of the terminal, 23q2 north of China achieved revenue of $273 million, compared to 45.10 per cent, and southwest of the country income of $295 million, compared with 69.79 per cent.
Another highlight of the company's product structure is the high-speed increase in other beverages. The decomposition drink, "Tung Pin", has grown better.
In the second half of 2023, the company owned 2,796 distributors, covering 100% of the local market and selling the terminal network.
With 3.3 million households, the same ratio as +32%, new products, such as the East Poon Cafe and the East Poon Rehydration, are expected to grow better through existing channels, building on the company's “energy plus” matrix. Cost pressures are reduced, and Māori rates are improving.
\triangleright, 23q2 cost trends have split, white sugar prices have risen by about 10-20% over the same period, and spot prices have fallen by about 20% over the same period.
The pressure of the price increase in sugar, with 23q2 companies operating at +28.8 per cent, Māori at 42.7 per cent, increased freezer input and roll-out, sales at +30 per cent, and sales at a scale effect remained stable at 0.1 pct to 15.9 per cent lower than in the same year, with a cumulative return on investment at +1.4 pct,
With less external interference in the company’s nationalization, continued deep farming in Guangdong Province, and continued optimization of the distribution system and improved business teams in the provinces, we believe that the company’s energy beverages are expected to grow better in the country’s markets. And the rapid growth in new products became a highlight of the company’s mid-2023.
We think East Poon will be able to use its price advantage and the channels that the company already has.
Risk factors: Nationalization of energy beverages is less than expected, new items are not on the market, raw materials are not priced
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic, two years in law, economics, two years in the financial sector, then entered the White Wine industry, 13 years in first-line sales in the Cedars, Dukang, and Shedd, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive view of the trends in the White Liquor industry.
Dom, a bachelor's degree in engineering at the Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-density industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has a unique insight into high-end white wine. He's good at driving the future market for alcohol based on available data and market moves.
Li Qing Feng, Master of Arts, Graduated from the Central University of Finance and Finance, two years of experience in food and beverage research, two years of experience in bond research, covering pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, acupuncture chefs, high-quality foods), and spices (in-depth study of Angie yeast mothers, familiar with seafood, milligram cooking, natural foods, Qinghai International).
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science and Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, USA, followed by two years of research, development and operation in the dairy giant Saputo, and one year of experience in food and beverage research.
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering the beer industry (Deep Studies on Chongqing Beer, Huayun Beer, Qingdao Beer), low-drinking wine (Deep Studies on Hun), beverages (Deep Studies on Farmer Springs).
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.