Accelerating nationalization of energy beverages, second-curveable event: company ' s release of business data for the first three quarters of 2023, preliminary accounting based on the company ' s financial sector, beverages (60549.sh)
In our view, while companies are moving forward with the process of nationalizing energy beverages, developing and breaking through weak areas in Guangdong Province, and improving distribution systems outside the province, we expect the 2023q3 north and southwest regions to maintain a high growth trend of 2023q2. The company’s second-growth curve products are expected to continue.
A distributor, 100 percent of the city's coverage, 3.3 million sales endpoints, with the company's excellent channel, is expected to achieve a better growth through the already available channels, building up the company's energy plus product matrix.
The cost pressure is reduced, and the Māori rate is better. White sugar and pet are the main components of the company’s cost \triangleright, with 23q3 costing trends split, with white sugar prices rising by 20-30% over the same period.
Pet's spot price fell by about 15-20% on the same date. So we think the fall in Pete's price will ease the pressure of rising white sugar prices, and the Māori ratio of 2023q3 is expected to improve on the same date; and the marketing and management rates are expected to remain stable and, overall, 2023q3 is expected to return to the mother's net profit.
Investment proposals: The country’s market is growing at a high rate, and new products are more than expected. The company continues to grow in Guangdong Province, while the distribution system and the business team are being optimized in the provinces, and we believe that the company’s energy beverages are expected to grow better in the country’s markets.
Risk factors: Nationalization of energy beverages, under-marketing of new products, prices of raw materials
Building No. 1 of the 9th City Street in Beijing City West Side, where members of the food and beverages team are trained mainly by senior industrialists and leading students. Zhang Wai-hyun graduated from Wuhan University of Technology, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, then entered the white wine industry.
For 13 years, the industry has done first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Tang, a bachelor's degree in engineering from the Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-discharge industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has an insight into high-end white wine. He is good at promoting the future of alcohol based on available data and market moves.
Pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, multi-chefs, high-end foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeast mother, familiarization with seafood, millet foods, smelt foods, Qinghai International). Zhao Lei, Master of Food Scientific Research, graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and left beauty in milk for the next two years.
Capt. Saputo is engaged in research and development, with one year ' s experience in food and beverage research.
To cover recreational foods (in-depth study of odious foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant, refined foods, saline shops, glycerine foods, ginseng foods), and white wine in Anhui region (known as Guai Goon, glorified wine, golden seed wine), Zhao Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor (in-depth study of Guo Dai, Five Grains, Penang State cellar, Shanxi Wine, Sherry, Wine, Ocean River shares, Consort, Wine plate), Wang Snowy, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, B.A., covering beer (deep depth)
A study of the trades of Chongqing beer, Huayun beer, Qingdao beer, low-drink wine (in-depth study of the shares of the Peon), beverages (in-depth study of the farmers' springs) etc. Part of the study is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.