The company ' s diversified product matrix strategy and nationalization strategy are continuing and are expected to move forward in the future.
Three years of performance can be sustained at a faster rate, maintaining a higher rating. East Plum beverages are reported in mid-2023 for quarterly round speeds. (1) On the product side, 1h23's core product is $5.13 billion in proceeds from the sale of East Pants.
The second-largest sales revenue was $320 million, or +92.9 per cent, and the second-largest sales income was 5.9 per cent. The company ' s second curve was not limited to a single product, but was currently dominated.
The company based its new product on existing active terminals, first in Guangdong, then in Guangdong, and then in the country, the new product is becoming more sophisticated. (2) On marketing channels and regions, the cost of 1h23 raw materials has declined, costs have been better controlled, non-recurrent gains and profits have increased significantly.
(1) 1h23 Māori ratio increased by 0.4 pct to 43.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, although the price of white sugar purchases increased on a year-on-year basis, the overall Māori rate increased slightly due to a greater decline in the procurement price of other raw materials such as polyester slices. (2) The company enhanced cost control, with 1h23 selling cost rates equal to 0.57 pct and administrative cost to 0.05 pt (3).
The decline in rates and the increase in non-recurring gains and losses contributed to a 2.7 pct increase in net interest rate of 1h23, of which the product matrix for the beverages rose by two quarters, the product matrix for the beverages was enriched, new ideas were gaining ground, the national market continued to expand, the costs were refined, and the performance was expected to increase faster over the next three years. On the basis of the latest financial reports, we adjusted it.
The market for energy beverages has become more competitive, using the market price of 11 September 2023.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for securities investment consulting business Food beverages: dairy beverage