Company review report - Food and beverage industry - September 28, 2023
Incidents: On 27 September, the company issued a business announcement, which expected to achieve a harvest in the first three quarters of 2023, with large monolithic channels sunk and new items paved for accelerated growth in the first three quarters. The 23q3 battalion received about 30.1 - fee capacity was stimulated; 2) outdoor consumption scenes, such as the movement, recovered; 3) the channel sunk, continued, and the web site continued.
Continued penetration; (4) high growth of new electrolytic water “rehydration” and consolidation of sports scene repairs and cost inputs; increased push for rapid pre-connection and faster growth of single-store revenues; (5) company sponsorship of sports events such as the Hangzhou Asian Games, or catalyzing end sales.
In the short term, income ends, as the industry moves down, and while the previous task has been better, the core work of 23q4 will shift to control to maintain good pipeline stock for the coming year, but the Asian Games will catalyse and start school after school.
At the end of September, the price of white sugar remained relatively deep at 300, but the price of the pet bottle dropped more than ever, with the company ' s overall cost pressure.
Controllable. For the long term, the Great Gold Bottle: successful product demand validation in the southwest and north markets, gradual construction of the front channel structure and sufficient market sink space; new rehydration: electrolysis water is expected to build a second growth curve, mainly thanks to: 1) days: the post-epidemiology sports scene recovery, with end c
There has been a marked increase in awareness of electrolytic water; 2) benefits: there is a better pattern of competition for electrolytic water and there is no absolute leader, but overseas bountiful mineral water, Giartler has proven that pan-motion beverages are likely to give birth to nationals; 3) people and: sports beverages are closer to product properties, brand image and energy beverages, and public
The company’s nation-wide production of new products, with less certainty and growth in performance, maintains a “recommended” rating.
Table 1: Key financial indicators forecast 23q1 smooth opening, year-round or higher, half-yearly review of East Peng's beverages in 2023: q2 performance ring
Bitiq, actively nurturing the second curve, I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Class blocks (catering supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft beverages, dairy products, etc.) are good at deepening the value of industry investments through historical disks and comparative perspectives from overseas.