The company's review report, the beverages, the beverages, the beverages, 605499 - the semi-annual reviews of 2023.
+27.2% of the same), net return to the mother of $1,108 million (+46.8%), operating net cash flow Liu Xinjiang, continuing nationalization + new products, 23q2 income end-end ring speed. Overall, 23q2 is collected
The growth of the end-of-the-end ring is expected to be mainly due to the recovery of outdoor consumption scenes and the continuation of the low base effect. The product expansion, with 23q2 Eastphthalm/other beverages revenue, was equal to +24.4% and 192.8% respectively, of which the new electrolytic water “rehydrated” increased, mainly from the playing field.
The increase in the cost of site restoration and the increase in the cost of the pre-connection is also driving up the fast-paced roll-out of pre-nets, while single-stores revenues are growing faster. The channel sunk, with 2,796 distributors at the end of 2302, achieving 100% coverage of the city at the local level, with 3.3 million web sites, +30%. The regional expansion, with 23q2 Guangdong/Guangxi revenues, is equal to the same amount.
+20.2/5.8 The core market is growing at a steady pace, but more importantly, nationalized expansion logic does not result in structural cost improvements and cost-efficiency gains, and 23q2 profitability is improving. Net home country interest rates, which are larger, add up the monolithic scale effect, together contribute to a small increase in the Māori ratio. Cost ratio:
After the crisis, the company increased its downside costs, but the scale effect of the big monoliths gradually released, pushing the costs. The core monoliths still have a sink space, electrolytic water, or a second growth curve. Vision 23h2, inbound, expected accelerated macroeconomic recovery, catalytic sports events such as the Asian Games in the state of Callang, and company terminal movements.
The likely sales rate continues a strong trend, but given the better performance of task h1, h2 or pre-controlled goods to maintain good pipeline stock for the coming year; at the cost end, the white sugar ring was slightly higher than at the end of July, there was a fall, while the price of the pet bottle was more down than it was, and the firm ' s overall cost pressure was manageable.
For example, the Great Gold Bottle: successful product demand validation in the south-west and north markets, gradual construction of the front channel structure, and sufficient room for the market to sink: new rehydration: the electrolytic water is expected to build a second increase in the long curve, mainly as a result of: 1) days: the post-epidemiology sports scene recovery, with c-yes.
There is a marked increase in awareness of electrolytic water; 2) benefits: there is a better pattern of competition for electrolytic water and there are no absolute leads, but the dynamics of the overseas mineral waters, Giatry and the domestic pulses have proven that pan-motion beverages may be born into national brands; 3) people and: motor beverages are in product properties, brand image and energy beverages
The 22nd and 23rd year editions of East Peng's beverages, which were successfully opened in 2301 and were on a year-to-year basis or more.
Performance certainty and growth are scarce, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Liu Guangmi: Master of Economics, joined the Institute of Human Security in 2020, joined the Institute of Galaxy Securities in 2022, focusing on non-drinking plates (drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, etc.) and is good at deepening the value of industry investment through historical rediscoveries and comparative perspectives abroad.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.