On 27 September 2023, the three-quarterly newspaper from 2023 released the East Plum beverages predominantly run the sanss@cfsc.com.cn  performance in line with expectations and maintained a better growth rate
The growth is accelerating, the second curve products are recognized by consumers, the product structure is optimized, and the company’s revenues are growing faster. Moreover, the firmness of the company’s revenues and the net return profits of the previous three quarters will continue to grow.
In terms of energy beverages, the 500-ml gold bottle is still strong, especially empty.
The company’s market share and brand influence in the energy beverage track will increase steadily as the number of grids increases and markets sink. In the second growth curve, the market feedback for electrolytic beverages is better.
Well, the end-buyer rate was more prominent; on September 1, the company launched the "U-Lone Tea" and followed the previous value-for-money strategy to set up a sugar-free tea track, which this year is expected to contribute incrementally. The company speeds up the layout of other beverages, campus channels, etc.
1 East Plum Beverage (605499): Effective replenishment of profit statements, reuse of channels, product differentiation, branding and promotion of brands are now more than expected, second-growth curves.
We watch the company continue to raise its market share on the energy beverages main track, while the distribution of electrolytic water and coffee are growing faster. According to the company's first three quarters, East Peng Beverage (605499): one quarter.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, less than expected sales of eastern pontoon, less than expected sales during the season, higher-cost risks, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific comments or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.