The profit performance was higher than expected, and the second growth curve was faster than the second growth curve, and an incident evaluation report for East Ping Beverage (605499.sh) was released on August 6, 2023, the semi-annual report for East Peng Beverage.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Cost-end dividend showing, profit performance exceeding expectations. Effective recovery and performance against expectations; benefits from raw materials such as polyester slices
Prices fell over the same period last year, and profit performance was higher than expected. 2023h1 Māori ratio.
In the first half of 2023, Sam 1q reported that the market for East Peng was higher than in 2022,3 and East Peng beverages (605499): a slight performance.
At the same time, the company is actively setting up the "Energic Power Plus" product, such as the East Poon Rehydration, the East Poon Curry, which grew at a remarkable rate in the first half of the year, and the second curve is being constructed well.
100% coverage at the local level, with sales terminal sites increasing to 3.3 million, or 32%, insisting that “freezing is the best display” to increase single-point output. Subregion, 2023h1 Guangdong/Waodong/China/Gangxi/Southwest/North China Camp
Channel farming strategy, sustained growth and declining ratios; continued nationalization, with faster growth in the south-west and north-west regions. 2023q2 Guangdong/Changedong/China/2023h1 east platinum sales of 120.7 million tons (28 per cent increase) and other beverages
As of 2023h1, there were 2,796 distributors, an increase of 17 from the beginning of the year, and we thought that the company would continue to raise its market share on the energy beverages main track, while the distribution of electrolytic water and coffee products increased faster.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, less than expected sales of eastern pontoon, less than expected sales during the season, higher-cost risks, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.