[AG/MC] Mandarin chemistry: not stop at mdi taps, petrochemicals, new materials and special chemicals will continue to erupt.
The average monthly domestic price of pure mdi rose from $15,700 per ton at the beginning of the year to $21,500 per ton at the end of the year.
The increase of 95 per cent was mainly due to supply constraints caused by domestic and foreign installation failures and accidents, which caused a 40.62 per cent increase in the Māori rate, or 7.50 per cent over the same period; sales of PUR series products and Māori growth were the company ' s company ' s petrochemical series of products, which generated $8,261 million, a 1433 per cent increase in the same year, mainly in the tobacco industry.
Partly manufactured petrochemical devices forming the chain of propane-propylene-propylene-propyl acid and ester-high-water-sorting resin industry. 1,497 million yuan and 1,235 million yuan respectively were collected for special chemicals and functional materials, respectively, increasing by the same year.
The mdi threshold is high, and the major firms abroad are Bassfe, Taul, Hensmay, etc. The company has 1.8 million tons of mdi production per year, the world’s highest, accounting for more than 50% of domestic production and nearly 30% of global production. In the last three years, polymer mdi imports have been reduced, exports have increased, and net exports have multiplied, while polymer mdi exports have been exported in February.
In addition, the rate of withdrawal for polymer mdi exports rose from 13% to 17%, which is good for export.
Procurement is extremely important. The company has established good cooperation with suppliers in the Middle East, North America, etc., and has become the first Chinese enterprise to obtain a Saudi-Amécp price recommendation, and the contract with Saudi-Amé-Amé has entered into force, which is conducive to a stable supply of lpg and guarantees the steady operation of the petrochemical device.
The project to build 300,000 tonnes/year tdi of a smoke station industrial park will be completed in June 2018. The company also hosts the Hungarian bc Company, a subsidiary of the vast majority of shareholders, which owns 250,000 tonnes of tdi production capacity.
In 2016, the price of tdi rose dramatically, and it is expected to remain above $25,000/ton in the future.
The tpu market is mainly for consumer goods such as cars, electronics, etc., and the company’s share in the market is a national leader. The sap is used mainly for baby and adult paper diapers.
With the liberalization of the second-child policy, urbanization and ageing, the penetration rate of paper urinary products will continue to increase. The company has 30,000 tons of sap capacity, which will be added to it in 2018.pc is used mainly in the areas of automobiles, electronics, optical devices, packaging, etc.
The company’s first set of 70,000 tons will be put into production in the first half of 2017, and 200,000 tons will be produced by the end of 2018. A special chemical business with high barriers and high Maori is expected to become the company’s new moat.
The company ' s special chemical series consists mainly of special icylates, special meds. Special icylates are the crown jewels in the field of iocyanate, i.e., fat and fat cyclic diocyanate (adis), which cover mainly hdi, h12mdi, and ipti, three of which account for more than 85% of global production inadi.
About two-thirds of them are widely used in high-end areas such as auto paints, wood paints, orbital traffic coatings, high-performance elastomers, hydro-polyurethane resins, polyurethane glues.
The industrial chain will break the monopoly on Bayer and the Derggard race. Special-amphetamine products are in the fields of epoxy securitizers and Pu-support agents, and demand is expected to grow rapidly over the next five years as high-end high-end areas of epoxy, such as wind power, electrical appliances, accessories, etc., continue to develop.
We believe that the medium-term price of mdi is still moderate and that the company is guaranteed to make profits as a mdi tap; that petrochemicals have increased overall profitability under the projected rise in crude oil prices and on the basis of upstream and downstream integration; and that the company ' s special chemicals and functional materials have higher barriers, are more competitive and are emerging.
These two areas have the greatest potential for growth if released. Based on the company’s many advantages, we predict that public raw material prices are highly volatile, downstream demand is low, and new projects are not as fast as expected.
Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree from the People ' s University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute. For 20 years, in the seller ' s research industry, the author of the sales team of the Institute of Securities and Securities has been qualified or qualified in securities investment consultancy by the Chinese Securities Association and has ensured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.