(b) Investment rating: Purchase (first) □ Polymdi and petrochemical series were the biggest drivers of performance growth
Polymermdi became the main contributor to the profits of the company ' s polyurethane series: during the reporting period, the company ' s polyurethane product series achieved operating income of $16.42 billion, with an increase in revenue of 0.25 per cent over the same period, while the Māori rate was 40.62 per cent, an increase of 7.5 percentage points over the same period, and the price of mdi was subject to domestic and foreign competitors in 2016.
The impact of the installation anomalies and the continued upswing of the downstream market demand continued to rise, with the domestic pure mdi rising from $14,500 per ton at the beginning of the year to $20,500 per ton, and the aggregate mdi increasing by only 0.25 per cent from the total cost of $9,200 per ton at the beginning of the year.
This represents an increase of 826 million, or 1433 per cent, in operating income, and a Māori rate of 14.2 per cent, or 13.54 percentage points more than in the same period last year. This is mainly due to the full commissioning of the pyrochemical plant in the tobacco industry during the reporting period, while the company was only partially trading in petrochemical products during the same period, with the project coming into production, the company achieved acryne production capability.
Seven hundred and fifty thousand tons, leading the country. At the same time, based on the technological innovation of companies, there are finely refined products of acrylic acid, butyl alcohol, epoxypropane and other acrylic primary derivatives with unique advantages, with an increase of 22.3%, 53.9% and Māori rates of 25.4% and 46%, respectively, with an increase of 100%.
□ Excellent cost control is the protection of the company's performance growth. Corporate sales, administrative and financial costs incurred during the reporting period amounted to $1,165 million, an increase of only 17 per cent, which demonstrates the company's excellent cost control capacity.
The industrial landscape is still good for 17 years, and performance is expected to improve continuously.
The ability to release sufficient elasticity, the volume of overseas sales has increased steadily, and the company’s polyurethane series still has room for improvement. The installations in the petrochemical series have been on track for mid-16 years, with a 75.2 per cent start-up rate throughout the year, driving up the growth of petrochemical projects, with the company’s main products in the petrochemical series being acrylic acid and acrylic acid.
Acetylene level I derivatives such as butyl esters, epoxypropanes, and data from the Beichuan data on prices since 2016.
The performance of the industry’s high Māori landscape continues to improve. The petrochemical series is looking at the director of the company’s petrochemical project’s industrial chain, the high value added of the economy, the leading science, technology and innovation, and the steady rise in oil prices, where the profit contribution of the company’s business continues at an accelerated rate.
The company's functional materials and special chemicals are well developed, and excellent cost-control capabilities protect performance growth with no rating - it is impossible to give a clear investment rating because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are provided for information purposes only.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.