Huanhua Chemistry (600309): The high performance growth mdi climate has increased significantly and the company's performance (600309) has improved as expected. The high growth in corporate performance during the reporting period is due mainly to mdi.
There has been a significant increase in profitability, the price of mdi has been gradually rising since the beginning of the year, and there has been an increase in overseas sales. According to market data, the market price at the beginning of the reporting period rose by 98% from $14,750/md/t. The price difference between mdi and benzene has been increasing continuously since the beginning of the quarter.
There has also been a gradual expansion, which has contributed significantly to a significant increase in corporate profitability. In addition, the rapid growth in the production of tobacco-smoking plants and other new business sections has also been positive, with significant increases in the collection of petrochemical products, special chemicals, and functional materials over the same period.
Companies are currently the world’s largest producers of autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs) for mdi manufacturing technology, with more than a quarter of the world’s capacity, with a strong voice. Firms will be strengthened by increasing their market expansion abroad, based on their comparative advantage over overseas competition in terms of product quality, cost control, etc.
It's competitive in global markets. Since it entered the quarter, mdi has continued to keep up the upward trend, considering that in the future, mdi has less capacity to add to the world, and it is expected that later mdi prices will either remain high, with a clear strategic layout for the company, with smoke stations, Ningbo, etc., radiating the entire country, with tens of thousands of them.
The Chinese Smoking House Industrial Park combines the main industry mdi products with petrochemical industries such as epoxypropane, acrylic acid and esters, and gradually develops downstream functional products to extend and improve the company's industrial chain layout, six major departments, and urban gates, five floors.
Open Source Securities Co. Ltd. is developing at a fast pace, bringing new performance growth points to companies that are expected to become the major international chemicals industry in the future, looking at the prospects for corporate development.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner, with a clear and accurate view of my research. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.