The rise in the price of chemical and chemical products and the concentration of petrochemical products, which led to a significant increase in performance last year, are expected to exceed expectations in a quarter with a cash dividend of $5 (including taxes) and 2 shares per 10 shares of red stocks, with a total share of total profit distribution.
The rise in the price of major products and the accumulation of petrochemical products have led to a significant increase in performance.
Tons, the net mdi rose from 14,500 to 20,500 tons. The petrochemical product benefited from pdh devices with a total equity/flow (millions of shares).
Total market value/flow (million yuan) Full-line increase in the value of the works, with the firm ' s petrochemical business plate showing a flat increase in the second half of the year.
Polyurethane still contributes 70% of the profits, petrochemicals and new materials have been added to the poles.
The average start-up rate is expected to increase this year due to the 920 accident in the smoke station industrial park. - 2016/09/28
A 13 per cent increase in income and little increase in cost of polyurethane series products has led to an increase in the Māori rate.
It's 1433% long, thanks mainly to the full postpartum dose of petrochemicals, contributing 1.17 billion Maori, or 12.5%; and the company's bright performance of two new sections of functional and specialized material, its ability to make a profit.
Out, it contributes almost equally to the level of less than one-third of petrochemical products.
The three-fee control was excellent, the rate dropped significantly from the year to the year, and the management cost rate was the lowest since the market. Corporate sales cost fell by 0.48 percentage points last year. The management cost rate reached the highest level and financial costs decreased by 1.36 percentage points. The overall rate decreased by 3.68 percentage points over the period.
The next multi-project approach, sap, pc, tdi is expected to be a new growth in performance, followed by new products, such as mibk, mma, pmma, and so on.
The rise in the prices of major products and the spread of petrochemicals have led to a significant increase in performance, with a quarter expected, and in the process of industrialization, hema and cdt medium-testing devices have been successfully driven, and will all become supportive of the growth of corporate performance. In the short term, the 30,000 tons of sap phase was completed last year.
The product is being marketed, with 70,000 tons of pc coming into production in the first half of the year, and 300,000 tons of tdi coming into production in mid-year next year, all of which are expected to improve performance in the coming two years. Profit forecasts and ratings: the prices of mdi, the company’s main product, are still high, from oil prices.
But price volatility in mdi is less likely to mean that the company already has greater control over the price of the product, and performance is still expected to outpace expectations for the season. At a later stage, as competitors release the company’s new capacity, oil prices, though adjusted, remain on the upward trend.
The rise in the prices of major products and the spread of petrochemicals have led to a significant increase in performance in the past quarter.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report