The price of mdi rose, the petrochemical project went into production, and the synergism of the plate grew at a very high rate. 10,000 watts of chemistry (600309) were evaluated in the annual report.
The polyurethane series benefited from an increase in the price of mdi, which expanded the performance base, and from April 2016, there were repeated stopovers for domestic and international mdi devices, as well as a Dow chemistry, which increased the Asia-Pacific polymer mdi disk, controlled the supply of goods from the source, and the mdi market was tight, folded and folded.
The market price of mdi has been rising steadily. Pure mdi in the east of the country collected $16.4 billion from the annual polyurethane series at the beginning of the year, making a profit of $6.7 billion, an increase of 12.9 per cent and 22.3 per cent, respectively, respectively.
\triangleright In 2016, the company ' s Pyropropane and Acetate (po/ae) integration project, designed to produce 1.79 million tons of production capacity at a yearly rate of 75.2 per cent, achieved a revenue of $8.26 billion in 2016 from the company ' s petrochemical plate, was fully operational.
In February of that year, the company became the first Chinese firm to obtain a cp price recommendation, successfully entering the Middle East lpg benchmark price decision board. The petrochemical series, as the second largest operating block of the company, is closely linked to the polyurethane chain of industry, and is expected to continue to grow steadily in the future, contributing to faster growth in corporate performance.
The functional material plate, polyurethane plate, is planned to add new production capacity and further extend the existing industrial chain. In recent years, the company has invested considerable R & D and marketing power in the functional material plate, which was achieved in 2016.
The company built on the existing industrial chain base to develop diversified and functional material products, mainly surface materials, tpu, sap, pc, etc., to further increase its performance. Of this amount, 30,000 tons of the sap phase came into production in 2016, and the company plans to increase its capacity by 30,000 sap in the next three years.
At the same time, the company plans to produce 300,000 tons of polyurethane series tdi production capacity in 2018, and the commissioning of additional production capacity in each of the plates will further extend the existing industrial chain vertically/horizontally, with the prospect of efficient integration.
1. “Multi-Wald Chemical (600309) Research Brief: The Company’s Benefits Mdi Increases, New Materials Growing Space 2. “Men-Way Chemistry (600309): The Price of mdi Falls
3. “Men chemistry: developing a pc business”, mdi 4. “Men chemistry: fine tilling, looking forward to the economy”
Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Department of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lear, France, rubber, titanium powder, new materials, compost, civil explosives, etc.
In October 2015, an analysis of the basic chemical industry was carried out, and in May 2016, the author joined the civil securities industry. With the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, he ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking to be objective and impartial through a reasonable judgement and conclusion, without any third party giving any opinion or influence.