In the future, the price of mdi remains high. 10,000-cent chemical (600309) company dynamics remain unchanged compared to June. Direct market listings are 23,000 yuan/tonne (no change compared to June); pure mdi.
See that future mdi prices remain high, that the planned volume is being supplied to the vendor, that 350,000 tons of UGC installations are still being tested, and that the rest of the domestic foreign firms, such as Barthoff and Kostov, are running at a low capacity. The company's listing in July was held in June.
Ping, at the same time, remains at the planned four-fold drop, showing the firm's strong ability to control prices, and we think that for the second half of the year, the price of the country's polymer mdi remained high, with the price range between $23,000 and 25,000 per ton, and at the current 24,000 ton price, the sum of mdi single ton more than $11,000, with the Māori rate at its level.
The unit, compared to the depth of 300 years or so, will gradually enter the closure and overhaul cycle, and we will watch the vast export market of the country’s polymer mdi, which will remain high.
Special chemicals, functional materials became a new performance growth point The construction of the tonstdi project is well under way and is expected to be operational by mid-2018; the Sap project has been launched in 30,000 tons and is now fully operational, with a further 30,000 tons of capacity in March 2018, and a further 300,000 tons is planned in the future
Models; water resin project of the Ministry of Surface Materials Industries, with 50,000 tons of Ningbo installed and 100,000 tons installed in Pearlhai completed, with further improvements in the future; projects such as company tpu, polyethers are also well under way, and 18 projects of the company ' s six major departments will be fully ready for harvest, and we expect new materials for the company for the next 3-5 years.
The petrochemical sector is expected to grow at an average annual rate of over 30 per cent.C3/c4 petrochemicals, based on pdh, successfully started production in 2016, selling 12.783 million tons of products.
The average price of acetate butane and epoxypropane increased by 13 per cent, 31 per cent, 22 per cent and 9 per cent, respectively, compared to the average price in 2016, and the price differentials for the corresponding products increased to varying degrees, with the company ' s petrochemical business plate being sufficient to increase the price of the product and increase the rate of start-up.
Market prices of products are regulated by high and low prices, which allow for a good cyclicality of prices of impulsive petrochemical products.1 MS (600309) research briefs: the risk of a significant decrease in mdi mdi prices; and the risk of a significant decline in the price of petrochemical products.
Summary of data projections for the financial statements of the company alterautotheeitis Yang Lin, Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering and Technology, Master of Science, Certified Accountant, China, formerly a member of PricewaterhouseCoopers, State Securities, Taiping
Director of the Chemical Industry at the Institute of Ocean Securities, the first author of which published two papers in the international prestigious Sci journal, joined the Chemical Corps at the Institute of Civil Securities in April 2017. Jing Song, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering at the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer at the Central Polytechnic University of Lille, France. Rubber, titanium powder, new materials, composite fertilizers, civilian explosives, etc.
In April 2015, work began on the basic chemical industry at the Shanghai Transport University. In May 2017, he joined the industry team of the Institute of Chemical Studies of the People’s Solidarity Institute.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,