In recent years, we have conducted research on the company and in-depth communication with the management of the company on business and future developments.
We believe that the rise in the price of pure benzene from raw materials has contributed to the increase in the price of mdi, that up to the present time in 2017, the tons of pure benzene had been parked for up to one month due to the gas problem in March, the 250,000 tons in the Basve plant in Korea had been under-repaired for synthetic gas, the 200,000 tons in the third well in Jinhu had been underloaded because of the raw material problem, and the intentions of the domestic and foreign installations.
External parking and centralized repairs have affected the industry’s start-up rate. After entering the second quarter, as raw materials prices have fallen, domestic and foreign devices have been regenerated and downstreamed, the price of mdi has reached the bottom of the season, down to about $20,000 per ton at the end of April, and with the 800,000 tons of Ningbo Wanhua installations and 350,000 Shanghai League.
In the short and medium term, Saudi sadara’s 400,000-ton mdi device is gradually becoming operational, and we believe that domestic mdi prices may fluctuate in the short term, but due to increased global market demand and the instability of the mdi device, mdi
Prices will remain relatively stable in the medium to long term, and corporate products will continue to be profitable.
The average price of acetate butylene and epoxypropane increased by 14.7 per cent, 29.7 per cent, 21.5 per cent and 9.1 per cent, respectively, compared to the average price in 2016, and the price differentials for the corresponding products increased to varying degrees, with the company ' s petrochemical business plate being divided into higher product prices and higher rates of start-up.
The cyclical nature of the prices of tdi and pc products can be well regulated by the high and low market prices of the respective products. tdi, pc projects are progressing well, special chemicals and functional materials become new performance growth points. tttdi projects are progressing well and are expected to be operational by mid-2018; tsap projects are already in production by 30,000 tons.
At present, 30,000 tons of capacity will be available in March 2018, and the future is planned to reach 300,000 tons of capacity; the surface materials industry ' s water resin project, the Ningbo 50,000 plant, has been put into production, the construction of 100,000 tons of equipment has been completed and will be further enhanced in the future; the company ' s tpu, polyetherics, etc. are also well under way.
Business plate performance is expected to increase by more than 30 per cent per annum.
III. Profit forecasting and investment proposals Risk of a significant decrease in prices of mdi, resulting from an increase in the benefits of mdi, and a significant increase in the growth space of new materials: the risk of a significant decline in prices of petrochemical products.
Summary of company financial statement data projections: Yang Lin, Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering and Technology, Master of Science, Certified Accountant of China, former Director of the PricewaterhouseCoopers Institute of Accounting, State Securities, Taiping, Director of the Chemical Industry, Ocean Securities Institute, first author, 2 papers published in the international leading academic sci journal, joined the Chemical Corps of the Institute of Civil and Political Securities in April 2017
Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineers, Central University of Technology, Lear, France, rubber, titanium powder, new materials, compost, civil explosives, etc.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,