Quarterly reports continue to exceed expectations Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
The opportunities for growth, the active targeting of production to meet market demand, are projected to be more than 100,000 engines sold in the first quarter of the year, with a further increase in market share; the firm ' s elastic performance is evident, with net profits increasing at a significantly faster rate than sales.
The heavy-carat industry continued through 2018, with overloaded governance and renewed demand being the main drivers. Since last third quarter, excess governance has affected the overall capacity by about 20%, adding up to four quarters of the coal transport season, stimulating rapid growth in the demand for logistics vehicles.
In the run-up to the season, there was an increase in the volume of engineering vehicles; we believe that infrastructure construction has accelerated, macroeconomic growth has recovered steadily, and the increase in the volume of engineering vehicles is expected to continue. The ban on coal from the port of Tianjin has had a limited impact on demand in the industry.
IDRC, the Ministry of Finance, the National Energy Authority and the Governments of Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Shanxi, Shandong and Henan provinces issued the Work Programme for the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution in and around Kyunjin 2017, which states that the port of Tianjin will no longer receive diesel trucks by the end of July
Coal; by the end of September, all ports in Tianjin, Hebei and the Ring Sea banned all coal from receiving diesel trucks. In 2016, the seven ports of the North were estimated to be about 70 million tons of coal, followed by 7,200 tons per year, thus measuring the impact of the port ban on the overall demand for heavy cards.
Overseas M & As support strategic transformation, leading to domestic equipment production. Prior to 2010, the public department was supported by engines, whole cars and gearboxes, and became the leading industry in the country for heavy cards and engineering equipment. In August 2012, Xin Chai acquired 25% of Quehu's company for €740 million.
On June 22, 2016, Keisu acquired DeMartek, and entered the logistics super-expected, with a high degree of sustainability.
In the field of chemical equipment, the company is gradually becoming more numerous in engines, hydraulics, forklifts and logistics equipment.
In addition, global equipment production leads for balanced development at home and abroad.3 In the Mid-2016 Mid-Year Review of the Leafwood Dynamics: Recovering the Benefits, Recovering the Gains, Recovering the Full Gains.
4- " The firewood engine tracking report: a reversal in industry recovery, which has increased the decline in corporate market shares; and the merger consolidation process, among other things, have not been as successful as expected.