The performance continues to be higher than expected, with high-end domestic equipment leads Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
The company achieved a net profit of $1.18 billion in the first quarter of 2017, with net profits projected for the first half of the year, sales in the heavy-carat sector amounting to 276,000 vehicles, an increase of 88.3 per cent over the same period. The company seized the opportunity of high industry growth, actively cutting production to meet market demand, and its market share increased further.
The realization of business income of $35 billion (+84.1 per cent of the same year) and net profit of $1.18 billion (+158 per cent of the same year) resulted in a net profit of $1.10 billion from the parent engine business, close to 200 per cent of the same year ' s growth, further increasing profitability.
The heavy-carat industry continued through 2018, with overloaded governance and renewed demand being the main drivers. Since last third quarter, excess governance has affected the overall capacity by about 20%, adding up to four quarters of the coal transport season, stimulating rapid growth in the demand for logistics vehicles.
In the run-up to the season, there was an increase in the volume of engineering vehicles; we believe that infrastructure construction has accelerated, macroeconomic growth has recovered steadily, and the increase in the volume of engineering vehicles is expected to continue. The ban on coal from the port of Tianjin has had a limited impact on demand in the industry.
IDRC, the Ministry of Finance, the National Energy Authority and the Governments of Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Shanxi, Shandong and Henan provinces issued the Work Programme for the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution in and around Kyunjin 2017, which states that the port of Tianjin will no longer receive diesel trucks by the end of July
Coal; by the end of September, all ports in Tianjin, Hebei and the Ring Sea banned all coal from receiving diesel trucks. In 2016, the seven ports of the North were estimated to be about 70 million tons of coal, followed by 7,200 tons per year, thus measuring the impact of the port ban on the overall demand for heavy cards.
Overseas M & As support strategic transformation, leading to domestic equipment production. Prior to 2010, the public department was supported by engines, whole cars and gearboxes, and became the leading industry in the country for heavy cards and engineering equipment. In August 2012, Xin Chai acquired 25% of Quehu's company for €740 million.
On June 22, 2016, Keisu acquired Dematek, entering the logistics system, expecting a high rate of growth in the quarter.
In the area of equipment, the company is gradually becoming the leader in the global production of equipment with engines, hydraulics, forklifts and logistics equipment.
" Sex over-expected, high-visibility sustainable " , " Three-quarter review of wood power 2016: high-visibility, sustainable, full profit over-expected " .
4- Mid-point assessment of the wood power in 2016: heavy returns on benefits, 5 and tracking reports on wood power: a reversal in industrial recovery, which has exacerbated the decline in the market share of companies; and the process of integration of mergers and acquisitions, which has fallen short of expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board