Hensen Electronics (600570), reporting in depth, is the world's leading and the only full-time financial-it service provider in China, with a prominent industry.
The company is the leading provider of financial science and technology in the country and is committed to providing solutions and services for securities, futures, public collection, trusts, insurance, private fundraising, banking and industry, exchanges and emerging industries, while actively exploring innovative solutions in such areas as front-office, data, risk management, etc.
Companies, with their technical services at their core, continue to drive innovation in financial institutions, drawing on many years of experience in building and insight into the Internet. Since 2010, firms have shown robust growth, operating income net cash flows have continued to outperform non-repatriated net profits, reflecting the company’s higher position in the industrial chain.
In recent years, our financial reform has continued, with a series of policies that have led to rapid growth in the financialit sector.
In August 2019, the People's Bank of China issued the Financial Science and Technology Development Plan (2019-2021). By 2021, it will establish the “Four Pillars” for the sound development of financial science and technology in the country, with a view to achieving deep integration and coordinated development of finance and technology.
Planning, science, innovation, registration, and “t+o” are on the move, and demand for construction is on the rise. Looking ahead, promoting innovation in finance, looking ahead, accelerating the convergence of financial services and technology, and making financial science and technology the core competitiveness of companies.
To form a three-tier structure consisting of research and development at the Hengsheng Institute, the Research and Development Centre, and the Business Sector Platform.
The R&D Center focuses on technology platforms and bottom platforms, with a focus on jres3.0 technology platforms, which provide a comprehensive new-generation technological framework for Internet cloud services and meet the needs of the financial landscape as a whole.
In the past five years, companies have been mainly moving down macroeconomically to affect the input of downstream customers; financial science and technology policies have fallen short of expectations; new product R & D and market promotion have fallen short of expectations; and industry competition has increased and overall profitability has declined.
The company has established branches in Hangzhou, the major cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Wuhan and Hong Kong and Singapore.
Founded in 1995 and successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange Board in 2003. The company focuses on the financial sector and works to provide comprehensive financial and technological solutions for nine major financial sectors, including securities, futures, public funds, trusts, insurance, private funds, banks and industry, exchanges and new and emerging industries, while actively opening up the front desk, data and risk management.
Over the years, companies have been driving financial institutions through high-quality products and services, with technology services at their core, multi-year financial-it-building experience and insight into and understanding of the Internet.