The Bulls Group (603195.sh) focuses on research and development, production and marketing of civilian electrician products with converters, wall switches and plugs at their core, including mainly converters, walls and walls. Since its creation, bulls have insisted on consumer demand-oriented, product quality-based, broken down from the area of "plugs" (i.e. converters)
It began with the continuous promotion of innovations in functionality, technology and design, the development of a large number of new consumer-friendly products, and the gradual expansion of the development process over the years, the creation of a well-positioned and sustainable business combination of “safe plugs”, “design switches”, “Eyesled” and “digital fines”, which has become a well-known public brand.
(1) The company has built innovative advantages in consumer demand-oriented product R & D, and its products are constantly evolving. Through deep insight and forward-looking research into consumer demand, the company has been able to innovate in the application of new technologies, materials and processes, and has introduced a large number of products characterized by design, appearance, technology, performance, etc. through continuous micro-innovation. Through long-term sedimentation, the company has developed an effective and systematic quality control system.
It has been certified in the system of management of IS09001, IS014001 and 0hsas 18001, and has received over 20 quality-related awards in the form of “national quality-stable and qualified products”, “Qualitative and credible products” and “China Export Quality Safety Demonstration Enterprise”. (2) The company relies on the online marketing network of sub-entities and specialized wire-to-electrics, covering nearly 1 million points throughout the country, for civilian use.
Ten thousand hardware channels, nearly 100,000 specialized building materials and lighting outlets, and more than 120,000 digital accessories. After nine years of fine-tuning, a professional direct-seller operating team and a more powerful system of online distributors have been set up, and companies are now fully integrated into leading electric power platforms, such as the Cats, Boobys, Kyoutung, and the Councils, which have effectively opened dozens of line authorized dealers and have actively expanded overseas markets through a range of foreign markets.
In 2015, China joined the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, with a master’s degree in financial engineering. In the six-month period following the report, securities rose or fell in relation to 300 indexes.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial circumstances and specific needs.