The company published a quarterly report in 2019, which generated operating income of $1.42 billion, an increase of 21.2 per cent over the same period.
The net profit from shareholders in listed companies is 170 million yuan, a 30.2% increase in the same year; the return per share is 0.62 dollars, a higher than expected performance. The company’s revenues and profits are growing rapidly, mainly as a result of new projects such as the company’s reed lights.
Big lights are entering the roll-out period, continuing to expand customers and develop smart-car lights, and the market share and value are expected to expand on new projects, with high growth in performance. Beneficiary front lights like 530 and a large company with high growth in revenue and profits. 2019q1 has fallen by 13.7% in the same year, in the public sector.
The Department performed better than the industry. It benefited from an increase in the share of pre-lights with a higher price versus a higher Māori ratio, which reached 23.3%, an increase of 2.2 percentage points in the same year. The same administrative cost rate is expected to be lower than the revenue increase, mainly due to the time point of production of the new project. Corporate cost controls are good, four.
Over the past two years, the company has been able to add new customers, such as the Quilley Cars, the Motto Cars, the Uploads of Mitsubishis, and the Chiretje Leopards, with sufficient orders. One populist, one toyota, the company’s top two clients, accounting for about 40% of business in 2018.
In addition to the t-roc, the New Treasure Led lights, which will be replaced in 2019 by a new generation of flashlights, with the hope of expanding the new model; a Toyota heavy-duty car-type Carola, Rav4 will be replaced.
In 2019, the company will also have 2019 new flashlights, such as the Tee-Ho, which will be in the process of release. The city is down, the factory will be under pressure, and it will be in the future.
There are many more cars that choose self-employed firms with high value for money. Companies now account for about 8% of the domestic market, are less costly and responsive to foreign firms, are expected to expand their customers, and there is still much room for raising their share.
The share of small lights in companies has declined significantly, and the share of front and tail lamps has gradually increased, and is expected to be around 80% in 2018. Led lights are used as industry development, using market prices as a standard on April 18, 2019.
The trend is that led lamps are 800-1200 yuan per unit, led taillights are about 1,200 yuan/sets (4 units), two to four times the price of halogens and thorium gas lamps, and the value of the led lamps is increasing significantly. The company lights are gradually released and are continuously invested in the development and development of smart car lamps, first generation, second generation adb headlamps, afs
The company's Fushan Plant II project is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2019.
The project is expected to be completed in 2019 and will generate future growth savings. 1) Auxiliary vehicle sales are not as high as expected. 2) New projects progress and Māori rates are lower than expected.