Avita was the first to enter the stockcar, and Chang Anhua was a strategic partner, moving forward on the 20th of August 2024.
• Highlights of the announcement: the announcement of the Cheonan car, a subsidiary Aveta Science and Technology Inc. (Bu) and the signing of the Equity Transfer Agreement with China in Chongqing on the morning of 20 August, will be fully upgraded to include brands and ecological, cloud and ai technology, green energy, industrial chain cooperation, etc.
Avita technology, with 10% of China’s interest in capital, is trading $11.5 billion, while Avita technology is about to sign the Shareholder Agreement with China. After this deal, Avita is looking forward to signing the Shareholder Agreement.
For seven members of the company’s board of directors, Avita has the power to appoint a director to participate in the company’s management operations.
• Arvita has taken the lead as a “head soldier” in China, and Chang An-hwa has continued to develop strategic cooperation: 1) For Avita: This trade has helped to make Avita technology more powerful, to build Avita's technological autonomy, to build up a leading intellectual and to build the capacity of Avita's technology.
In follow-up, Aveta has the priority of technology/supply chain cooperation. 2) For Chang An, the company will use this transaction as an opportunity to strengthen its strategic cooperation with China in a comprehensive manner.
At the same time, using Arvita as the main source of equity, it can ensure that both sides work together to reduce the financial pressure on listed companies. This partnership does not constitute a related transaction, nor does it result in a change in the scope of the Changon vehicle consolidation report, which will not occur in the short term.
This has had a significant impact on the financial situation and the results of the operation of the Cheonan Car. 3) For the sake of hope, Chang-Aon and China share a share in the effort to join forces in supporting the idea of becoming leaders in the Chinese-based, global, service-oriented industry of car smart systems and component solutions.
Chang An Automobile (000625). July is an important layout for long An intelligentness, electric intelligence transitions simultaneously, Blue S07 new vehicle, speed of transition.
Enter: 1) Aveta + Deep Blue New Car Cycle. On the Aveta 11/12/Deep Blue S07 base, 24H2 Long An will be further developed in Aveta and Deep Blue brands, with two models of Chinese driving/intellectual depth, covering the main domestic market of $100,000 to $300,000, to provide an incremental solution.
Long An Car (000625). Mid 2024. Deciding the problem of pure tram-type anxiety: enhanced promotion of equity cooperation, technology+brand dual dimensions.
(ii) The start-up source is directed towards low- and medium-level markets and remains focused on the long-gravity backbone of the electric transition. (3) The dimension of globalization, with the firm Heiner Bichuan strategy, continues to grow in terms of export sales, joining the first echelons of domestic vehicle exports, opening up the space for long-term growth in sales.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the company ' s profit forecast for 2024-2026, operating income, and Dong Oo Securities Inc. has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.