The price of the product has risen and the losses of the dark blue avita have narrowed considerably.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2024, which generated 76.723 billion yuan in operating revenue in the first half of the year.
Rate fluctuations, deep-blue brand car losses were significantly reduced: 2024h1, company-owned brand model achieved a full increase in volume prices in the external and external markets, foreign markets, 20.32 million vehicles exported by corporate-owned brands in the first half of the year, compared to +74.85 per cent, ring 69.11 per cent higher than 2023 h2, and accounted for the same share of total sales of autonomous brands.
The offshore market was sold on a full-scale basis at an average cost of $83.2 million in the first half of 2024, or 22.52 per cent of the total value of the company ' s exports; on the Chinese market, 89.17 million vehicles (excluding Avi Qin JiQin) were sold in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the Māori rate for the company ' s car sales was reduced by 2.90 pct to 13.47%, with the Māori rate for the Chinese market being reduced by 2.90 ptt to 13.47% in the first half of the year.
The benefits of Wataru have been compounded by a relatively weak pre-stage profitability of the new energy model, but the company’s deep blue brand is based on a ten thousand dollar. The Māori ratio in the offshore market has been equal to 26.91%, the average cost of the export model is higher, the profitability is 0.72%, the overall cost of the company is well regulated, and in the context of the price war, the company has given the dealer a much stronger hand.
This support has led to higher sales costs and a marked decline in R & D and administrative costs. The company’s net non-repatriated profits for the first half of the year fell by only 5.89% on the same basis, and its profitability was relatively stable in the event of a larger decline in the M & A rate, except for the hedges resulting from the overall reduction in the cost rate.
The shift has played an important role, mainly in the recovery of long Anfort ' s net profits and in Aveta ' s narrow deficit of $1 billion in return for investment, which was +54.84 per cent of the same year, mainly benefiting from the growth of Lincoln ' s brand exports and the same decline in sales costs; and in Aveta ' s net loss for the first half of the year, which was between 20.55 per cent and 1395 million dollars.
Avita’s entry has led to greater cooperation, with new brands of vehicles listed in the second half of the year accelerating new energy transformation: August 20, Avita technology and China signed an equity transfer agreement for $11.5 billion.
For 10% of the shares, it's a deeper partnership with China to promote China's leading intellectually enabled company products. With the exception of Avita, China has now started to give smart technology the rest of the company's new energy brands, and on July 25th, Deep Blue S07 is on the market.
In the second half of the year, the company will continue to deepen its multi-brand strategy by achieving full coverage of the new energy prices, contributing to the firm's commitment to producing this report independently and objectively and with a diligent approach. This report clearly and accurately reflects its research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.