The company published its 2024th semi-annual report, which generated $76,723 million in business earnings, improved its performance compared to q2 and increased profitability. The company ' s q2 sales rate was 13.23%, same as q2 sales.
Rings 3..2/-1.2pc, net interest rate 3.50%, ring +2.6/+1.2pc, company q2 performance significantly improved as a result of upturning of corporate brands, product structure optimization, autonomous branding profitability, stability, and the gradual improvement in the profitability of joint ventures.
The layout of the domain has also gradually shown positive results, with net profit growth and profitability upwards after offsetting non-recurring gains and losses. q2 period rate of 8.14 per cent, corresponding to the ring ratio of 5.0/-4.4 pct, showing remarkable results, deep blue + Aveta + long-ann opening sales upwards, and overseas export volumes rising at full cost during the first half of the year.
The total market value/flow (millions of yuan) has performed well, with 299,000 new, +69.9 per cent, of the total amount of energy sold by the autonomous brand.
The company launched the Heinau Bichuan Globalisation Strategy last year, through the creation of production bases and marketing networks in regions like Europe, South-East Asia, South America, and so forth, the strengthening of international branding, the introduction of home-grown products, the acceleration of the implementation of new energy strategies, and cooperation with international scientific institutions.
To upgrade technological innovation capabilities and develop internationalized talent with a view to consolidating its position in the global car market by 2030 with millions of sales from overseas.
Arvita technology, a major strategic partner in China and China, has been agreed to buy 10 per cent of its assets, and this deal has helped to make Avita technology more powerful, to promote full cooperation between Avita technology and visibility, and to build the autonomy and leadership of Avita technology.
Intelligentally enabling Aveta technology products to become competitive, helping the Aveta technology brands to go up, and accelerating the promotion of the Chang An brand-up strategy. Chang An will use this trade as an opportunity to strengthen strategic collaboration with China to facilitate the transformation of the Aveta vehicle to smart technology companies.
Investment proposals: Aveta's share of investment is high, and China is strengthening its support for Arvita's competitiveness.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.