Avita has taken the lead, and the company has been working with China to upgrade it completely, and the Jang (000625.sz) Avita is looking forward to becoming a new company.
On 20 August, the company issued a public announcement that Aveta, the affiliated company, intended to sign an equity transfer agreement with China to purchase, at a price of $11.5 billion, 10 per cent of the interest of the new company holding the smart car solution, that the transfer price would be paid in three instalments, and that Aveta would be entitled to nominate one of the seven members of the board of trustees.
In view of the fact that the company is expected to get more technologically empowered and supportive brands up in depth with the company, and that the company's superb company, Avita, has started a new cycle with the pre-intelligent advantage of smart technology, the company has upgraded its strategic partnership with China. (1) In the case of Aveta, the first step to enter China was followed by a full-fledged smart car solution in China.
In the second half of the year, Aveta will be in the area of incremental growth, forming a matrix of "ev+reev, four-wing, eight-products" under power-form change plus smart technology.
The opening of the new cycle is expected to lead to a significant increase in sales; (2) In the short term, Arvita is looking to use her own capital for equity, which will not have a significant impact on the financial position and business outcomes of the company’s subjects. At the same time, the company will be working with China on branding and ecology, cloud technology, and green energy.
Strategic partnerships have been upgraded in areas such as industrial chain cooperation, where support companies have turned to smart, low-carbon mobile technology. At present, in addition to Aveta, multi-car models such as Deep Blues07 will also carry a China-based version of the smart driving program, with the hope of differential competition in mainstream price segments based on smart technologies, leading to good sales performance.
Xiaohua built the car with the leading smart technology enabler, and created the "China Bosch" in the era of smart cars. The company will land, and the new cycle will persist. It aims at leading the industry in intelligent driving, smart cabins, smart car controls, smart car clouds, and so on.
It's about time to start up sales growth – company updates, technology-enabling cars like car-mounted lights. At the moment, it's already working with Chang An, Cyrus, Chirre, North Gas, Rivers, 2024.7.12.
Car companies such as light, east wind, and first gas are working together in depth, and the circle of friends is expanding. With China's leading intelligence, q1 Overseas Business Q1 has a clear and new cycle of driving technology, traditional car companies are better able to focus on their own good leadership in product definition, production, etc.
Improved performance – Corporate Information Update Fields to enhance overall competitiveness in the smart car age and thus to better participate in global competition by differential advantage.