In recent days, Chang An's car has issued a performance forecast for the first half of 2024: the company's performance improved in the first half of the year q2 and its profitability stumped up. The company expects a net return of profit in the second quarter.
The company’s brands are up, the product structure is optimized, the autonomous brands are stable, and the profitability of joint ventures is gradually improving. The company’s layout in the area of new energy cars and smart network cars is also gradually becoming more effective, with net profit growth after offsetting non-recurring gains and losses, and the profitability trap is rising upwards.
Deep blue + Arvita + long-anxie exports are up, and overseas exports are accelerating. The company's new energy autonomous vehicles, with an increase of 69.87% over the same year. Deep blue g318, Arvita12, and Long-anjiang a07 are at the top of their own market sales rankings.
The globalization strategy aims to accelerate the implementation of the new energy strategy through the establishment of production bases and distribution total stock/flow (billion shares) distribution networks in regions such as Europe, South-East Asia and South America, strengthening international branding, introducing home-grown products, and accelerating the implementation of new energy strategies,
And working with international scientific institutions to upgrade technological innovation capabilities, develop internationalized talent, with a view to consolidating its position in the global automobile market by 2030 with millions of vehicles sold in overseas markets.
Technology Co. Ltd. signed a Memorandum of Investment Cooperation to establish a company to develop, design, produce, sell and service solutions for car intelligence systems and components, both of which support the target company as a Chinese-based, global, service-oriented automobile intelligence system and
The company has successfully completed the project’s financial, legal, operational and technical due diligence. The parties are currently engaged in intensive negotiations on the core terms of the transaction.
Investment proposal: The company, as a leader in the transformation of its own brand, is expected to work with China to gain access to the Pacific Academy.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.