On August 19, 2024, Avita's joint company, Avita Tech (Kongqing), was limited.
The company (Aveta Technologies) has convened a board of directors to consider the adoption of the bill on the Aveta Foreign Investment Project.
At the same time, Avita technology is looking forward to signing the Shareholder Agreement with China. After this deal, Avita technology held 10% of the stake in the stake, and China 90% of the stake in the stake.
On 16 January 2024, China registered the target company Shenzhen Intelligent Technology Ltd., and on 19 August 2024, the company announced that Avita Science and Technology would hold 10 per cent of the stake in the hope, and that board seats would be determined on the basis of the shareholding ratio of shareholders.
To nominate a director, Hua is entitled to nominate six directors. We believe that Hwa is a deep-dwelling intellectual driver, core cabin technology, and that this trade is conducive to the full cooperation of Avita technology with the hope of building an autonomous, ahead-of-the-board intelligent car build-up capability for avita technology, strengthening avita high-end brand positioning, and helping to build avita technology brand upwards.
In late 2023, Avita was able to move with a mobile capital.
In March of 2024, at the 100-man conference, the last three months of this year, the smart car business was transformed into a profit.
Ba is close to the edge of the profit-and-loss balance and “is expected to be able to achieve a virtuous development that reverses the boom after April.” 3. Long An (000625.sz) series remarks three: 1 month.
q3-q4 new products have a dense cycle and new energy transformations have accelerated. On July 25th, Deep Blue s07 is on the market, the product \triangleright
With high-speed piloting aids, smart parking aids are expected to contribute to the intelligent driving model as well as less than 200,000 top-ranked cars.
Avita 012 will be a global premiere, corporate product cycles are strong, and new energy transformations are accelerating. Investment advice: we look at the transformation of the company's electric intelligence, and build on it to be intelligent, and keep it profitable.
\triangleright model delivery is less than expected; industry “price wars” are on the rise; methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.