Cheonan car (000625.sz): Deep blue, Arvita continues to lose.
Incident: The company published its semi-annual report in 2024, which generated $76.72 billion in the first half of the year, compared to Lu Kamin, whose net profit fell more than in the second half of the year, mainly as a result of the acquisition of a deep blue car by 23q1.
Xu Guofang, research assistant in the automobile industry, has performed well in new energy sources and exports, with deep blue and avita continuing to lose.
Of these, 642,000, or 5.6 per cent, were sold by q2 companies; 382,000, or +2.9 per cent, were sold by Chongqing+Footy+Habei companies; and 299,000, or 299,000, were sold by the company ' s own brand.
By comparison with +69.9 per cent, the autonomous brand sold 203,000 vehicles abroad, or +74.9 per cent, the subsidiary ' s deep blue gas, which in the first half of the year generated 13,988 million yuan, or +58.4 per cent, and a net profit of $740 million, or a negative gain of $320 million; and a single-car business, which generated $1.97 million, or -8.8 per cent, of the net profit.
Ten thousand dollars, or a loss of $16,000 on the same basis. The shareholding company Aveta's technology was collected in the first half of the year and officially listed, equipped with China's dry-adsse smart driving support system, using a purely visual approach, which enables pilot driving on national highways, urban fast roads, etc.
On the 19th of the day, the Chang An car announced that Avita technology was going to sign an equity transfer agreement with China to purchase 10% of the Chinese stake in the prize, amounting to RMB 11.5 billion, Avita, and that technology was an important strategic partner in China's interest.
With respect to new cars, in the first half of the year, the company launched a new hard-to-tech suv deep blue g318, the uni-z with the first blue whale power system, and the super-range pickup card long-hunter. The next six months of new cars will be accelerated, with several new smart cars starting with e07, deep blues05, deep blues, l07,
Aveta 07, fourth-generation cs75plus, etc., are to be listed or released. Sinda Securities Inc. Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Source, Deep Blue, Avita is gradually becoming the main force of the long new cycle.
We expect the company to provide a new growth dynamic for deep blue, avita.
The net return to the mother in 2024-2026 was $7.7 billion, $10.9 billion and $12.5 billion, corresponding to the risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, lower than expected sales of new vehicles, less than expected new energy transformations, figure 1: corporate revenue for years (billions)
Figure 2: Quarterly Corporate Collections (millions of yuan) Figure 5: Quarterly Māori Rates & Net Interest Rates for Companies (%) Figure 6: Quarterly Cost Rates for Companies (%)
Skywind Securities, the first place in the 2018 Golden Bull Award, the second place in the new wealth in 2020, and the fourth core of the 2020 Sino-Girl team, explore opportunities in the areas of car industry chains, Tesla industrial chains, smart cars, and autonomous brands. Ding Jian, M.A. in Finance, University of Melbourne, covers smart cabins, electrodynamics, car preparation, etc.
Xu Guofang, Master of Applied Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covers areas such as the whole of the new power, intelligence, and so forth. What components are not, are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.