The new energy and export business has continued to intensify, and the arrival of China is an interesting development in the semi-annual review of the Cheonan Car (000625), 2024: on August 31, the Jang Car published its semi-annual report for 2024.
Source and export sales performed well, with 299,000 new home brands sold, an increase of 69.9 per cent over the same year; 203,000 overseas, an increase of billions over the same year; and 740 million dollars in the first half of Deep Blue 2024, a decrease of $320 million over the same period.
The energy-car business has led to an improvement in profitability as the volume of delivery has increased.The main data, August 30, 2024, are about to increase the visibility and brand power of Aveta, the conglomerates of Aveta.
Helping companies and China will further strengthen the model of cooperation. Deep blue/Avita brand new cars will be launched as a dry-driving and chan-brain module, which is expected to improve the competitiveness of new products. The “bu” business of dry-driving and Hong-bon-brain continues to grow and is expected to grow in the future.
Heiner Bichuan drives the global market layout. The company launched the Heiner Bichuan project, accelerating the process of overseas localization, accelerating the development of overseas regional channels, enhancing the allocation of resources beyond the sea, and promoting the construction of production bases in Thailand and the development of a Mexican market system.
In the first half of 2024, the company achieved operating income of $16.902 billion from its overseas operations, an increase of 10.10 per cent for its domestic operations and an improvement in its performance underpinned by its external structure Investment proposals: companies continuously strengthen new energy and export operations and improve product structure and excellence
Automotive performance. A deeper model of cooperation through Aveta’s access to the stock market, which promotes intelligent business expansion abroad below the expected risks; downside risks in the Mäori rate; and exchange rate volatility risks;
A “positive” investor is suitable only for a study with a risk level not higher than a “medium-high” risk, and a “radical” investor is suitable for the use of the various categories of my department that have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively known.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.