The announcement indicates that Avita Tech will sign an agreement on the transfer of shares with China on the morning of 20 August 2024.
On the same day, Chang An and Hua are planning to sign the Comprehensive Upgrading Strategic Cooperation Agreement, which will be signed by the two sides.
Avita has taken the lead and is expected to contribute to the upward and intelligent transformation of the long An brand. For Chang An, it is easy not only to strengthen the high-end image of the Avita brand under the flag, but also to give Avita the best in the field of intellectuals and coaches.
Advanced technology security and supply chains, channel empowerment, can also provide an opportunity to fully deepen strategic cooperation with China, leading to the upward and intelligent transformation of the long An automobile brand. At the same time, with Arvita as the main owner, and with Arvita as the owner of the stock exchange, it can provide more flexible financial space for the operation of the Cheonan car.
The technology model follows the market, and the profits expected from it are good, its intellectual skills will be optimized with market validation and data accumulation, when it is hoped that the equity holders of the capital will share in the growth dividends that China will bring to the development of intelligent technology, and that, as the core shareholders with 40.99 per cent of Aveta ' s shareholdings, the Cheonan Car will benefit as well.
Avita's sales are growing rapidly as a result of its intensive marketing of new products. With regard to new products, Avita 11 & 12, Avita 012, Avita 07, both powered versions, will be published in 2024h2 to meet the need for diversity of households and a global picture; and, with regard to the upgrading of intelligence, Avita opened China to dry on 5 August 2024.
Ads 3.0beta introspection shows that this entry attraction will boost Avita’s full cooperation with the attractions, and that the enabling Avita will also accelerate its intellectually built-up capacity, further enhance product competitiveness, and drive brand upwards. Under the two-wheel drive of “new items on the market plus brands up,” Avita’s sales of 2024q3-q4 are dynamic.
Investment proposals: The company's fuel vehicle business base is solid, with a steady push for multiple factors such as “The New Energy Cycle Starts + Overseas Productive Capacity Building” Chang An Car (000625): Deep Blue Sales in July + The New Energy Business of Central Motors is expected to be evaluated separately + and China continues to deepen its cooperation on intelligence”
Driven by the heavy weights of the "s07 two-power version," we believe that the transformation of the company's electric intelligence will accelerate and drive performance, clear logic over the medium to long term, and a company-by-company summary report on the market.
"Long An Car (000625). Autonomy of new energy sales, volume performance, Aveta's "Ads 3.0" -- company summary report.
Chang An Car (000625). New energy, sales and double ring ratio, high-quality company review report with a wide-bang conspiracy.
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.