Avita-07 is on the market for the first two-way electric booster, which gives a powerful intellectual experience in the intelligents of the intelligent cabin, a study on the dynamics of a long car (000625.sz) company.
Avita 07, sale price, $105052309001 Avita07, location of medium suv: 26 September, Chang Anavita
The third vehicle under the flag, also under Avita's first two-power system, was officially released. Aveta07 launched six models, with an increase price of $21.99-27.9 million in the sale range and a sale price of a pure electric model.
In terms of intelligence, Aveta07 is equipped to drive the ads 3.0 and Hungmon 4.0 systems.
Equilibrium of racks, car body. Pure electric incremental two-power system drive: Aveta 07 is equipped with a power system consisting of 1.5t speeders and electric machines, providing two- and four-drive versions.
The maximum power of the booster is 115 kW; the maximum capacity of the two-wheeler type is 231 kW, and the four-wheeler type is 131 kW and 231 kW with the pre/back double power and matches the capacity of 39.05 kWh of phosphate with lithium phosphate.
Batteries, corresponding to a two-km and a 220-km four-km run by cltc, respectively, Aveta 07, using 800-volt carbonated silicon platforms across the world, provides two-km,
The four-drive version, which matches the phosphate lithium batteries provided by the Ninder era (the phosphate supercharged batteries), is a pure relay mileage of 650 km and 610 km (cltc), respectively, and the phosphorus supercharged batteries have a maximum charging power of 420 kW.
1 Chang An Car (000625): New energy maximum power of 252 kW, maximum power of pre- and post-release power, and continued export, with an interest in deepening and deepening.
2 Chang An Car (000625), ride-on-the-dry-danced ads 3.0 and end-to-end structure to get a smart-ass 2023 & 2024q1 income performance, electrodynamic
2024-06-26 On smart driving hardware, Aveta 07 uses 27 high-sense sensors, and
The same volume growth, new energy sources and seaboard strategy, the configuration of a laser radar with up to 192 lines in volume, with 250 m's most far-sighted, relative boosts, 2024-06-25.
The use of end-to-end structures reduces the 15% brake rate, reduces the 30% take-over rate, improves the 50% smoothness, makes it easier for people to experience intelligent driving.
On the hardware side, Aveta 07 carries a 35.4 inch, 4k ultra-high resolution remote screen, with 15.6 inches in combination with an intelligent control screen and a 6.7 inch double-clear rear-view.
Aveta07 also has a double-zero-gravity seat, a British treasure sound system, etc., to create an urban luxury first-class experience. On software, Aveta 07 carries a harmonyos4-based harmonyos4-based shuttle, which enables super-desking.
Mobile cars use shared, hand-to-hand, intelligent car search, etc., to create a global picture. The strategy of going out to the sea is advancing steadily, working more closely with China, with greater potential for growth in the future, maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating.
(1) The roll-out of new models has fallen short of expectations: (2) the demand for car consumption has fallen short of expectations: (3) the pace of cooperation with China has fallen short of expectations.
Lin Chien: Master of Arts, Automation/World Economy, cpa, six years of auto industry research and advanced research, good at bottom-up and share-drawing. Deep coverage of Tesla Industrial Chains/One Mind: Vuhan University undergraduate, Columbia University Master ' s degree, 2024 in Chinese securities.
I've been working in the automobile business, and I'm primarily responsible for the strategic planning of the car selection and the analysis of the competition.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.