Chang An (000625): The second-quarter performance was higher than the ring, the new cycle was stronger and sustained better profitability was evident. 2024H1 operating cash flows were the same as -50.61%, mainly due to increased payments to suppliers. “The product structure is higher + the initial yield + the overseas profit release” driven by a higher performance of 2024q2 than the ring.
\triangleright has grown considerably in the same ring ratio. At the end of the collection: 397.00 billion yuan in operating income for the 2024q2 season, 13.23% in the same ring scale, and the small decline in the same ring ratio is mainly due to the new accounting standards that guarantee the cost of the QC premium from the cost of sales.
Moving to operating costs and removing the impact of the change from the real business Māori ratio of companies as compared to 2024q1 improved, driven mainly by two factors: “Industrial chain downswing efficiency gains at the beginning of the industry + the continued release of high-profit overseas operations”; at the cost end: Looking forward: the new car cycle of 2024h2 companies is strong and performance increases or are driven mainly by new products. In deep blue, g318 order forms.
It's going to start a large-scale delivery in 2024h2; Deep Blue S07 is expected to open a bulk delivery in August; Deep Blue lyceum ly, s05 will also be on the market, hopefully supporting the deep blue brands to meet year-round sales targets and to reach a profit point. On the Avita side, Avita 012, Avita 07 has recently been released and pre-saled, Avita 15, Avita 11 and 12.
On the source side, Chang An Xingen e07 is expected to be marketed in 2024q4 and the source c 798 is expected to be released in q4. The start of a new product cycle is expected to provide a strong growth boost to company performance.
Investment proposal: Given the relatively competitive nature of the current industry, high temperature leave, tight mobility, etc., or limiting the company ' s interest in 2024q3 to 10%, Chang An and Hua are strategic partners.
But taking into account the company's “new energy cycle will open up + overseas capacity-building steadily,” the s07 two-power version weighs heavily into +Avita's first stock gain, corporate intelligence transitions and higher brands are expected to benefit from it,” we believe.
The short summary report of one company listed on the market is clear in the medium and long term and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Avita was the first to carry ads 3.0 — corporate summary reports — using data from legal compliance, careful presentation of research findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.