New energy sources and exports continue to be released, leading to a deeper convergence with China. The Chang-An (000625.sz) incident assessment report.
linzj@cfsc.com.cn 2024h1 income scale is expanding steadily, with full cost-side optimization
New energy and export sales are doing well, companies are accelerating the deployment of new energy sources, new energy and export sales are doing well: 2024h1 achieved sales of 1.34 million.
1 vehicle, +9.7 per cent of the same year; 299,000 new energy sales from autonomous brands, +06-26 million vehicles, +5.6 per cent of the same year, +7.3 per cent of the same; and 2,024-06-26 vehicles from companies, +5.6 per cent of the same year, +7.3 per cent of the same year;
170,000 new energy sales, i.e. +86.0 per cent, ring +32.2 per cent; autonomous branding, Electrification, 3 start-up start-up start-up, accelerated deployment of new energy vehicles: companies introduced more than one new energy product in the first half of 2024
New History 2024-05-04, New Hardware Suv Deep Blueg 318, sales have continued to rise since listing; uni-z leads the new Blue Whale Power System, and orders break rapidly after listing; super-supplies.
Long-and-along hunter, who has been running the new energy pickup market since he was listed. In the second half of the year, we're going to launch a fast-tracked product, with several smart new cars in the middle of the year, all-new and re-channeled, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, blue, all-time, all-time, all-time, all-time, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-new, all-time, all-time, cs75plus.
Through Aveta's access to the market, there's increased cooperation with China, and through Aveta's purchase of 10 per cent of China's holdings: August 19th, Long March, the announcement that Aveta technology purchases 10 per cent of China's holdings.
It's $11.5 billion. Avita is an important strategic partner in China's hopes, and this deal has helped Avita gain more of its potential, speed up the long-ann car brand up, and strengthen its strategic alignment with China's goals.
To promote the transition of AN cars to smart, low-carbon mobile technology companies, the sea strategy is advancing steadily, working more closely with China, with greater potential for future growth, and maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating.
(1) The roll-out of new models has fallen short of expectations: (2) the demand for car consumption has fallen short of expectations: (3) the pace of cooperation with China has fallen short of expectations.
Lin Chien: Master of Arts, Automation/World Economy, cpa, six years of auto industry research and advanced research, good at bottom-up and share-drawing. Deep coverage of Tesla Industrial Chains/One Mind: Vuhan University undergraduate, Columbia University Master ' s degree, 2024 in Chinese securities.
I've been working in the automobile business, and I'm primarily responsible for the strategic planning of the car selection and the analysis of the competition.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
The Hong Kong market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.