The short-term performance of the agro-forestry fishery has been overstretched, with a long-term assessment of the good trend to the third quarter of 2021 for the Golden Dragonfish (300999).
The three main reasons are: (a) higher prices for corporate products do not fully offset the rise in the cost of raw materials; (b) higher sales of low Māori products through the company ' s catering channels; and (c) lower soybean presses due to relatively low profits.
Companies are qualified to carry on portfolio investment consultancy operations. Companies operate well and contribute to sound growth in the long term. 1. Companies benefit from a short-term reduction in their capacity to produce oil and fat.
Procurement volume, combined capacity utilization for the oil and gas operations in the first half of the year was 36 per cent, down from 1 per cent in the same year, and domestic food and oil pipelines were growing at a high level of growth of 14.7 pct. We believe that companies have the flexibility to adjust production according to changes in raw material prices.
In the first half of the year, the company's capacity was well planned in line with market demand.
Based on in-progress capacity, companies are planning to combine their production capacity by pressurizing, refining, filling, rice processing, growing future capacity in wheat processing, demand during peak production, large market space in rice surfaces, and building capacity.
The company speeded up the layout of the central kitchen operations, and the growth of its performance is on track. Previously, the company had established a series of “booking chefs” central kitchens in Hebeigang, Shaanxi Hingping, Chongqing, Zhejiang Hang County, which were expected to be completed by the end of the year.
The filing project has been made public on the Guozhou City Offices Network, which includes the design of 100,000 meals per day of cooking and lunch production, staple food processing, fresh food, modifiers, and a combination of 100,000 tons per year of food technology.
In May, 29 million central kitchen projects were registered for the company ' s annual processing group meal. The negative impact of hedging on the company ' s performance has been gradually diluted.
Two financial indicators of gains and losses on financial instruments – changes in investment returns and fair values – are expected to dilute the disadvantages of corporate hedges. Multiply, corporate valuations are attractive.
It's hard to replicate its business model and its core competitiveness. Companies will increase their performance by vigorously developing products such as rice flour, spices, etc., which are less concentrated in large markets, coupled with a wide market space for central kitchen operations (for which profit forecasts are not taken into account).
Combined, moving up the corporate rating to “buy-in” is gradually contributing to performance, but due to the company's current limited disclosure of data, it is considered prudent not to pay attention to historical data and the company's pace of raw materials procurement, and it is expected that operations will continue to face raw materials in the fourth quarter of 2021.
Combined with company historical data, it is expected that there will still be scope for a decline in the rates of management and sales costs as the level of corporate convergence increases: sales against channel costs and new income guidelines in the context of changes in the structure of the company ' s products, we value the company as the leader of the domestic kitchen food platform, its business model is difficult to replicate, and the core competition is difficult to compete with.
The company’s strong efforts to develop products such as rice flour, spices, etc. with low concentration in large markets, combined with the market space’s large central kitchen operation support (for which profit forecasts are not yet considered), will multiply performance growth and the company’s valuation will be attractive.
Food safety and quality control risks Company products need to be transported, stored, placed on the shelf to reach the end consumer, although the company has taken strict control of the raw materials procurement, production processing, marketing, etc.
Measures that do not fully exclude the possibility of food safety incidents due to improper disposal by the subject concerned have a negative impact on the company ' s brand image and the sale of related products.
In the first half of the year, the company had two fund-raising projects (the three-phase flour project) and 1 million tons/year maize depths in the rich county of Chichihar, Heilongjiang province.
The project was not progressing as planned. The main reason was that the project builder was affected by the new coronary disease from December 2019 to May 2021 and was unable to return to the normal spring days, resulting in a delay in the overall progress being made from open compliance channels. The report ' s analytical logic was based on my professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflected my research views and concluded that no third party was involved.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.