In the second quarter of 2023, the mother's net profit forecast for the second quarter of 2023 was $350 million. The 23H1W passenger car was the mother's net profit.
Increased demand, rehabilitation of market demand, such as tourist passenger transport, increased domestic passenger vehicle sales; 2) Out-of-sea: high-volume export sales of Woo-ton are driven by higher yields as Chinese passenger vehicle products become competitive and demand in overseas markets continues to be released. Volume: 10695 vehicles sold in 23q2, corresponding to +61.5 per cent of the year, ring
(a) A 52-week maximum/minimum price of $US 10,000, 2202 to $US 0.8 million, expected to be 1) a gradual shift in the overall product structure towards a relatively high-priced vehicle type (output, mid-end, gas, etc.); and 2) a release of efficiency gains driven by an increased capacity utilization rate;
The world’s middle and middle leaders are expected to bear a resonance with growth. 1) Domestic demand recovery: economic recovery. In the context of economic warming, the sale of our seats (release of travel demand) and buses (supply of supplies + replacement demand) is expected to rebound; 2) export volumes are rising: according to 01ca, there were about 200,000 overseas high and medium-sized customers in 22 years.
Woo-tung: The export market built an innovative model of “technology plus services exports” that captures new energy sources from overseas.
Utongbus (600066.sh) - one-quarter net profit increases and competitiveness continues to rise; and the company's overseas layout is gradually moving from Asia, Latin America, Africa, etc., and Utongbus (600066.sh) - overseas sales continue to be made, with a single four-quarter return
Expanding to the advanced regions of Europe and other passenger-car industries and promoting industrial value chains at the mid-to-high end is expected to benefit fully from the 123 per cent increase in the production of the Woots (600066.sh) per month in February, resulting in an expansion of new energy sources overseas.
Control + preference market improvements for Māori, and the company’s domestic profits are expected to continue to warm. Woo-tungbus (600066.sh) – Three-quarterly review: single-car profitability increases, single investment proposal: Global Grand-Change guest, maintain a “buy-in” rating. Taking into account corporate overseas orders
Continued release and recovery of domestic market demand, sustained interest in the company's performance, sustained profitability, long-term competitiveness of companies and maintenance of a “buy-in” rating. 23H1W bus return net profit of $380-560 million to the mother, 23q2 net profit of $260-440 million to the mother, median
In addition, market demand, such as tourist passenger transport, has been repaired, and Utun's domestic passenger vehicle sales have increased; 2) overseas: the volume of Utun's exports has increased significantly in the first half of 2023, as China's passenger-car products have become more competitive and demand from overseas has continued to be released. In the first half of 2023, the Department of Public Administration sold 15,134 passenger vehicles, an increase of 30.84 per cent over the same period.
Quantified double-drive performance. Volume: sales of 2302 WCVs, 10695, +61.5 per cent, ring + 140.9 per cent, and 33.8 per cent in the domestic market of 23H1 + 6 metres, continuously leading by +5.9 pct; exits, mid-ends, gas vehicles, etc.) tilted; 2) efficiency gains in the output utilization factor drive release
Utun and Bus Industry Data Collapse: In June 2023, 4726 vehicles were sold, i.e. + 111.5 per cent of the year; all three sub-markets registered positive growth of the same year, of which 2489/medium/light passenger vehicles, i.e. 2489/1738/499 respectively, were sold.
+190.1%/+81.0%/+20.0%, respectively. 2023q2, the number of vehicles sold was 10695, compared to January/June of the same year, the cumulative number of buses sold was 15134, compared to 30.8%; of these, the total volume of buses sold was 7693/5261, respectively, compared to 62.3%/+21.5%, respectively.
Figure 3: Monthly sales of Woo-tung buses (vehicles) Figure 4: Monthly sales of medium passenger vehicles (vehicles)
Figure 6: Monthly sales of Woo-tung medium passenger vehicles (one) Figure 7: Medium-sized and Medium-sized passenger vehicles (one) Figure 8: Large and Medium-sized passenger vehicles (one)
Figure 9: Annual sales of Utun medium-sized passenger vehicles (millions) Figure 10: Annual sales of Utun medium-sized passenger vehicles (millions)
Accumulated sales of 13309 passenger vehicles, +42.0 per cent of the total, the share of which is in the first place for the first month of six consecutive months in 2023, with a cumulative figure of 11: one-month sales (vehicles) and the share of Woo-tung in 6 metres of passenger vehicles in Woo-tung and industry (%)
Figure 12: Cumulative sales (vehicles) and shares (%) of buses over 6 metres in Wootong and industry +128.8% in comparison, of which 2613/371 were exported by large/medium passenger vehicles, +152.7%/+36.9% in comparison, and Utun's share in the export market for large, medium/large/medium passenger vehicles, respectively
On 5 June 2023, Woo-Tun released the first integrated hardware and hardware electric exclusive platform in the commercial vehicle industry - the "Wise Controle " platform. The "Wise Controle platform" has two features: hardware integration plus software online upgrades with super-integrity.
+exploitable + self-evolvement features, encompassing the two main cores of a cross-cutting integrated c-structure + engine operating system yos. Wisdom controls high safety and efficiency batteries, multi-power domain controllers, high-efficiency integrated power-drive bridges, passenger, multi-source ultra-low temperature heat pumps, high-efficiency refilling technologies, smart network pilots, smart network cloud platforms, etc.
Technology blends and is a confluence of the technological leap-frogging of Woo-tung. Through innovative applications of key technologies, smart control leads by more than 10% and reduces operating costs by 20%; and the technological base of c architecture+yos can bring arithmetic + 200%, control effectiveness + 100%, vehicle life cycle
In the phase of hardware homogenization, where single hardware and software are difficult to solve the pain point, the Smarte platform now leads the industry to a new era of deep integration of hardware and software. Building on the platform’s strength, the full-scale performance of vehicles, such as new energy passengers and cars, will leapfrog across the board, meet the special needs of more segmented markets, and bring about better outcomes.
Smart driving experience. Figure 13: Wise control e platform model. Figure 14: Wise controle platform.
Table 7: Woo-toon new energy vehicle revenue, subsidy collating (US$ 10,000), new energy bus sales, revenues, subsidies in 2022, branding out of 82.907 billion and continuing high-end branding.
The most valuable brand, with its 110th place (up from 2023), has been on the top for 20 years. Woo-tung’s continuous upswing in the country and abroad is underpinned by the synergies between the innovation chain and the industrial chain and the three chains of the value chain, and is an expression of Woo-tung’s technological innovation and combined power.
In 2023, China’s 500 most valuable brands were “a part of the way” against a background of “a part of the way.” Woo-tung’s overseas market went well. It was hoped that it would continue to contribute to its performance.
Overseas operations continued to expand in 2022, and the technology-plus-services export model proceeded well. By the end of 2022, Woo-tung had accumulated more than 87,000 passenger vehicles for export, and new energy buses had formed bulk sales in more than 20 countries or regions in the Middle East, Latin America, South-East Asia, Europe, etc.
The 115 countries along the route have become the only suppliers of new energy buses in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Uzbekistan, Poland, etc., or the largest new ones. At the same time, companies have moved from “manufacturing” to “manufacturing service” solutions.
The largest electric field station of the ball is installed and authorized to manage maintenance services, and is based through an internationalized transport team, which is responsible for the pdi inspection, day-to-day maintenance, fault diagnosis, technical guidance, remote support, etc. of electric vehicles throughout their life cycle. More than a dozen vehicles are in Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Egypt, Malaysia, etc.
National and regional co-operation in localization through kd assembly, moving from product exports to “technology exports”, figure 16: Saudily run new energy passenger vehicles, figure 17: overseas sales of UTAs increased (billions of yuan)
In 2023, export performance could increase in the context of a “way-by-way” scenario. Looking forward to 2023, with the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major competitions, exhibitions and events, it is expected that the demand for the bus industry will continue to grow, while at the same time increasing social acceptance of new energy vehicles is at stake.
The demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue to rise rapidly as a result of such factors as protection requirements, international image enhancement, and technological and economic advances in new energy vehicles.
The first 50 passenger vehicles, of which 20 are 18 metres of pure electric passenger vehicles, are the longest and highest-end new energy passenger vehicles introduced in Kazakhstan so far.
Up to 400 kilometres, providing an important driving force for green and sustainable development in the capital of Kazakhstan, and providing a demonstration lead in the construction of a green “one-way” building together.
Subsequently, 150 first buses from Kazakhstan arrived in the Karakanda region of the country and will be used in the country’s public system when the qaztehna factory is offline. On 16 February, Yutong officials announced the seizure of 550 passenger vehicle orders from Saudi Arabia, 300 of which were from the upper and middle levels.
The bus c13pro (zk6138h) has been delivered to the Saudi Garden City - Riyadh, and the remaining 250 will be delivered in April/May. The 300 Utong medium-to-high-end road passenger vehicles delivered will be delivered to the Li Yadd public transport line.
On March 2, Woo-tung announced the first delivery of 800 passenger vehicle orders ordered by Uzbekistan and the new record in China's export of passenger vehicles to Uzbekistan, the largest new energy passenger vehicle since this year.
The order is for 300 pure electric power and 500 cng natural gas, which are expected to be paid over the course of the year in the interior.
Online follow-on traffic instructions; and local reserves of nearly $130,000 in spare parts to ensure the safe and efficient operation of vehicles, while Uzbekistan, which first introduced a large number of new energy passenger vehicles, will be able to move to public transport with the help of Utun, electric and low-carbon transformation.
Woo-tung, the “first-choice” brand of Kazakhstan’s new energy bus, has become the country’s largest new energy provider with more than 70% of the new energy product. This batch of pure electric buses can be used to meet the capital’s main main backbone, which is 224, and the first 50, of which 20, 18, are the country’s top, most intelligent and energy-efficient new energy passenger vehicles.
The delivery of vehicles will provide an important driving force for green and sustainable development in the capital of Kazakhstan, with a demonstration-led effect on the construction of a “one-way” green-coloured bus.
Woo-tung has cumulatively sold over 4,300 large and medium passenger vehicles in Kazakhstan, representing 50% of China’s total export volume. The bulk of the country’s 150 first large single passenger vehicles are located in Kazakhstan. The products serve a segmented market of local passenger, bus, school bus, medical, tourist, group, etc. The country’s Karaganda region, which holds the largest Chinese passenger vehicle brand in the local market for large and medium passenger vehicles at qaztehna.
In April 2023, Kazakhstan, when the plant is offline, will be put into the public system of the country so that partners will jointly prepare the qaztehna plant, which will produce 1,200 buses and 500 engineering machines, and
The order, consisting of 800 vehicles, including Yutung Yutung, the capital of Uzbekistan, Tashkent, dry and dusty, is extremely demanding for new energy vehicles.
The power cells provide customized product solutions in the core “3-power” technology. They are based on 800 independent liquids in Uzbekistan in March 2023, using safe technology such as a gas truck (zk6116hg, cold system, battery chamber crash design, battery nitrogen protection system, etc.) and equipped with electric machines.
zk6126hg) 500, which reduced failure in China’s defense structures, electron anti-creative structures, etc., while ensuring cooling with strong power air conditioning and a new record of the export of the Zbekstan passenger vehicles. By creating brand values and technical barriers in high-end vehicles, the country’s unique climate is more compatible.
The services and products of Saudi Arabia’s 550 bus orders, camp scenes, and 15 direct-service teams were set up to perform one-stop nanny service for clients, 300 of which were Utun’s medium-to-high-end road buses.
The high-end road passenger vehicle delivered to Saudi Arabia has been handed over to Saudi Arabia in February 2023 in response to the local heat of 550c13pro (zk6138h).
With 42,000 kcal special garden city-Riyadh, the remaining 250 will be air-conditioned and innovatively used anmt arctic boxes to match large motors, small speed ratios, plus a large baggage cabin space to achieve for the first time the technology of laying 600l oil tanks in front of the front wheel without taking up the large baggage cabin space.
Change, coupled with the use of a unique second-generation heat management technology to improve the comfort and economy of the entire vehicle. For the first time in 2009, Woo-Tong entered the Ethiopian market to deliver high-quality products and uniforms to Ethiopia.
In September 2022, Ethiopia prepared and researched the development of the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa, and of a purely electric bus, and plans were made to upgrade the local auto industry to provide a large market in Meskel Square.
Considerable technical and human resource training support to meet Ethiopia’s growing demand for public transport development, fleet smart management, etc. On 30 November 2020, the Woo-train bus was transported to the Qatar state with leading new energy technologies and products
The company signed 1002 on-line, and in December 20 20, 741 competitions were officially exported by car to complete the 888 Utsun pure electric passenger cars at the top global football scene and to win the praises of world fans.
Janrichardkdeman, Chairman of the Academic Council of the World Busworld, highly valued the outstanding performance of Woo-tung's pure electric bus in the event and recognized the bus as “new” on behalf of Busworld.
Energy Green Pioneer.” Yutong also signed a framework agreement with the Qatar side to build a kd factory in Qatar’s free zone. Wootongyes technology and a new pure electric car were released, and now Wootung’s high-end pure electric road bus t13e is once again “lighted” in Chile, once again gaining traffic in Chile.
In 2005, when he entered Chile, for 17 years, he provided Chile with a large number of mobile passenger cars (t13e) that were first launched in Chile and were custom-made. In 2012, the Chilean National Football Team selected the Uttarbus as a special bus for the national team.
Partners set up a zero carbon alliance (team transmission service; the export of 100 pure electric passenger buses in 2018 updated the booking of new energy buses abroad, also marking the official start of the electricization of public transport in Chile. In 2019, Yutón Mexican subsidiary and the Mexico City Electric Transport Service (MEX) operated electric public transport.
In March 2019, Mexico City Electric Transport Services purchased Utun, which bought 100 12-metre dual-source non-traffic buses in Mexico.
Ten thousand; strategic cooperation between the two sides has continued over the years; so far, the Mexico City electric transport vehicle, which is expected to be officially launched in November 2022, has a total of 301 new Utun energy vehicles and Utun vehicles account for electric transport services in Mexico City
The total number of vehicles operated by the company reached 66.8 per cent: in September 2222, Mexico City, Mexico, the first high-speed bus line was officially put into operation.
Looking ahead to 2023, with the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major competitions, exhibitions and events, it is expected that demand in the bus industry will continue to grow in a resilient manner, while the recognition of new energy buses will continue to grow, with environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and new energy vehicle technology,
The demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue to rise rapidly as a result of, inter alia, increasing economic performance.