The second quarter is a two-fold increase in profitability, and it looks like the second half of the year is a two-fold increase in the profits of a car, a commercial car, and a net profit of $350 million to the mother in the second quarter of 2023. 2023H1 Woots for the sale of 15,000 buses.
One hundred and twenty-one million yuan yuan (million yuan) has been deducted from the non-net profit (US$ 330 million last year). In the quarter of the year, 2302 military camps: increased demand for travel, rehabilitation of market demand, such as tourist passenger transport, has led to an increase in domestic sales; and (2) overseas: as China ' s passenger-car products become more competitive and foreign market demand has been released, Utsong exports have increased significantly.
The net operating cash flow of 2.5 billion yuan (net profit of 350 million yuan). We split our performance in volume and profit terms, with 33.8 per cent of the above-mentioned passenger cars in the domestic market, with the same ratio +5.9 pct, continuing to take the lead; profit: 2302 Woolleys are measured as net profit to the mother of 33,000 yuan (2.71 million yuan and 2.02 million yuan).
The overall product structure is expected to gradually tilt towards relatively high-priced vehicle models (exports, mid-ends, gas cars, etc.); and 2) yielding economies of scale driven by higher capacity utilization. The global mid-point is expected to bear out the cycle and growth.
Against this background, the volume of our seats (release of travel demand) and bus sales is expected to rebound; 2) the speed of export sales: according to 01ca, in 22 years, there were around 200,000 large-scale overseas passenger sales, and the penetration rate of new energy sources was estimated at less than 10 per cent, compared to the country's higher penetration space. 3) Wootong: 1 export market built "Technology"
The innovative model of the Woo-toon bus (600066.sh) - two-quarter double profit, with net profits continuously going up and up + service exports, captures the continuous breakthrough of the new energy development window period overseas, starting from “Manufacturing + Woo-toon bus (600066.sh) - Analysis of the value of the current node core investment -
(a) Marketing of products, “Manufacturing service plus solutions” is being upgraded and competitiveness continues to rise;
The Utunbus (600066.sh) - Overseas sales operations continue to materialize, moving industrial value chains to mid-to-high ends, and are expected to benefit fully from the expansion of new energy sources abroad.2 The domestic market, Wootong, improves Maori in the domestic risk control + preferred markets, and is expected to recover domestic profits.
The Woo-tung bus (600066.sh) is a 123% increase in production in February, 800 Uz. Investment proposal: a “buy-in” rating is maintained at the global hub. Given the continued release of corporate overseas orders and the warming demand in the domestic market, keeping a positive eye on company performance, maintaining profit projections,
The company is strong and has the capacity to export vehicles, technology and programmes, and helps the company to remain competitive in the long term. Performance summary: 2023h1 Woots achieved 15,000 buses sales, +30.8 per cent of the year, 11.11 billion yuan of the year, +34.6 per cent of the year, $470 million of the mother ' s net profit (last year - $70 million) and $330 million of the non-net profit (370 million last year).
In the third quarter of the year, 2302 Yuen Camp received $7.54 billion, compared to +59.3 per cent, the ring ratio + 110.8 per cent, and the net profit of the mother grew by 1 per cent) in the interior: domestic sales grew as a result of increased demand for travel and the rehabilitation of markets such as tourist passenger transport; and 2) overseas: Utun exports increased significantly as China ' s passenger-car product became more competitive and its overseas market demand was released.
Cost and cash flows: 7.8 per cent/2.5 per cent/5.3 per-0.7 per-0.7 per cent for 23q2 Woots sales/management/research and development/finance, respectively, compared to 1 per cent for the same period) increase in the efficiency utilization rate to facilitate the release of economies of scale and 2) increase in the volume of export sales; $2.5 billion (net profit of $350 million) in the 2302 operating net cash flow, with excellent performance. In addition, 2023 companies accounted for losses of assets of $99 million.
Dollars, mainly due to stock decline preparedness, with credit impairment losses of $124 million, mainly due to the reduction in expected credit impairments for accounts receivable.
Figure 3: Net corporate profits and rates of increase Figure 4: Single-quarter net corporate profits and rates of increase Figure 5: Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates
Figure 6: Māori and net interest rates for companies for the single quarter of the year
R & D inputs: 23H1 R & D spending 690 million yuan, with 6.2 per cent of revenue, and R & D spending in the semi-annual year 2023 is directed to the following: (1) development and upgrading of products such as c11e, E8max, Broad body microbar 7 in pure electricity roads in the country; (2) development of products such as the URT u, High End Tourism t series; and (3) t7 upgrading of high end commercial vehicle products.
From the point of view of volume and profit, deconstruct Utun ' s performance in the second quarter: Quantities: 2302 WCV sales of 10695, +61.5 per cent, ring +140.9 per cent, with 33.8 per cent of the total/medium / light 6 m, and +5.9 pct, continuing to build up a strong lead on exports.
The structure of the body product is gradually tilted towards a relatively high-priced vehicle type (exports, mid-ends, natural gas vehicles, etc.); 2) the output benefits and efficiency gains are driven by the increase in utilization rate, which releases the benefits of scale.
Figure 10: Net profit of the Uttarbus bicycle (millions of dollars) Combination of data on the bus industry and Utsong operations: overall split, 4726 vehicles were sold in June 2023, i.e. + 111.5 per cent per year; three major lines of detail
In the sub-market, there was positive and positive growth, with sales of large/medium/light passenger vehicles being 2489/1738/499 and +190.1 per cent/+81.0/20.0 per cent respectively. 20202, the sales of the Wootwright were 10695 and, in January/June of the same year, the cumulative sales of the Wootwright were 1,134, or +30.8 per cent; and the cumulative sales of the large/medium passenger vehicles were +30.8 per cent.
7693/5261 and +62.3 per cent/+21.5 per cent respectively. Figure 11: Monthly sales of Woo-tung buses (vehicles) Figure 12: Monthly sales of Woo-tung medium passenger vehicles (vehicles)
Figure 14: Monthly sales of Utun medium-sized passenger vehicles (one vehicle) Figure 13: Monthly sales of Utun medium-sized passenger vehicles (one vehicle) Figure 17: Annual sales of Utun medium-sized passenger vehicles (ten thousand)
Figure 18: Annual sales of Utun medium-sized passenger vehicles (millions) showed a significant increase in the share of Utun City, which is the firmest in the industry. Trade sales: 13309 vehicles on the June 2023 bus market, the corresponding figure being +42.0 per cent.
In terms of share, Woo-tung’s bus was the first in six months in a row for six months in 2023, with the cumulative market showing bright exports, with the same share in the three main segments of the market. Industry exports, with 19362 vehicles exported in January-June 2023, compared to 55.1%, with large/medium passenger vehicles exported separately.
417, of which 3445,639 were exported by large/medium passenger vehicles, respectively, with a share of Utun exports + 139.4 per cent/+51.4 per cent, and Utong's overseas market share of large-, medium- and large/medium passenger vehicles exports, respectively, was well under way and was expected to make a sustained contribution in the context of the “one-way” of the respective “one-way” market shares of the larger, medium- and medium-sized passenger vehicles.
Overseas operations continued to expand, and the technology-plus-services export model progressed well. By the first half of 2023, companies cumulatively exported more than 90,000 passenger vehicles of all types and their products were sold to Chile, Mexico, Ethiopia, Angola, Tanzania, Philippines, Australia, Malaysia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, United States of America.
In the main target markets, companies have become one of the main bus suppliers. In the area of new energy buses, companies have cumulatively exported more than 3,700 new energy buses, forming bulk in more than 30 countries or regions overseas.
Marketing and good operations, such as in Qatar, Mexico, Chile, Singapore, Australia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Norway, Denmark, France, etc. At the same time, companies have moved from “manufacturing + marketing” to “manufacturing service + solutions.”
Sites are in place and authorized to manage maintenance services through an internationalization support team, which is responsible for the full life cycle management of vehicles such as pdi inspection, routine maintenance, fault diagnosis, technical guidance, remote support, etc. in more than 10 countries and territories, including Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Egypt, Malaysia, etc.
Through localization of kd assembly, innovative business models that move from product exports to “technology exports” are achieved. Figure 22: The share of overseas sales of Utopia passenger vehicles increased (in billions of dollars) and export performance increased in 2023 in the context of a “one-way” scenario.
Improved demand for rehabilitation and public transport, as well as for major events, exhibitions and events, is expected to generate a sustained recovery in demand in the bus industry, along with environmental protection requirements, improved international profile and new energy vehicle technology, as the social acceptance of new energy buses increases and economics continues to improve.
The demand for new energy in overseas markets will continue to rise rapidly as a result:  On 4 July, Woo-tung held a ceremony to bring a lot of Kazakhstan’s Chinese buses online. Once again, the Woo-tung bus was imported into Kazakhstan in a total of 224 vehicles; the first 50 buses went online, of which 20 were 18 metres pure.
Electric passenger vehicles, the longest and highest-end new energy passenger vehicles in Kazakhstan so far. This batch of purely electric passenger vehicles can meet the large passenger traffic requirements of the capital's main main main road, which is combined to the main road, and continues as much as 400 kilometres, providing an important driving force for the green and sustainable development of the capital of Kazakhstan.
In early April, following the delivery of 800 buses from Uzbekistan, as shown by the Bus Information Network, 150 first single buses from Kazakhstan arrived in Karakanda region, Qaztehna.
On 16 February, Yutung announced that he had obtained orders for 550 Saudi Arabian buses, of which 300 medium- and high-end buses c13pro (zk6138h) had been handed over to the Saudi Garden City - Riyadh.
The delivery will continue in April/May. 300 high-end road buses delivered will be shipped to Li Yadh’s long-range public transport line. The Utong bus has been in the Saudi market for the first time since 2006 for 17 years, building a Chinese-made brand image and market slogan.
On March 2, Woo-tung announced the first delivery of the 800 passenger vehicle orders ordered by Uzbekistan, which will create a new record of Chinese exports to Uzbek buses, the largest new energy passenger vehicle order since this year. The order will consist of 300 pure electric power and 500 congs of natural gas, which are expected to be renewed in the interior of the country.
On the basis of the core “3 power” technology, Wootong offers Uzbekistan a customized product solution, establishes a permanent local post-sales specialist team, organizes regular training for customer drivers, and follows the vehicle on the line on an irregular basis, and stores nearly $130,000 in local spare parts to ensure the safe and efficient operation of the vehicle, first of all
Uzbekistan, which has introduced the second largest amount of new energy passenger vehicles, will, with Utun's help, move public transport, powered, low-carbonized. With Utunyes technology and a new pure electric vehicle released, Utun's high-end pure electric road bus, t13e, once again “lighted” Chile, once again gained traffic from Chile.
In 2005, when he entered Chile, for 17 years, he provided Chile with a large number of mobile passenger cars (t13e) that were first launched in Chile and were custom-made. In 2012, the Chilean National Football Team selected the Uttarbus as a special bus for the national team.
Partners set up a zero carbon alliance (team transmission service: the export of 100 pure electric buses in 2018 updated the bookings of new energy buses abroad, also marking the official start of the electricization of public transport in Chile. In 2019, Yutón Mexican subsidiary worked with Mexico City's electric transport service company on electric public transport.
Mexico City Electric Transport Services has again worked closely together on the extraction of the area; in March 2019, Mexico City Electric Transport Services purchased Utun 100 12-metre dual-source non-trading buses; for many years, the two sides have maintained a strategic cooperative relationship; and to date, Mexico City has been engaged in electric transport.
Mexico Car, expected to be officially launched in November 2022
The total number of vehicles operated by the company reached 66.8 per cent; the first high-speed bus line in Mexico City, Mexico, was officially launched in September 22, and the circuits used in the trams were made by Utong buses.
Looking forward to the second half of 2023, with the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major competitions and exhibitions on schedule, it is expected that demand in the bus industry will continue to grow in a resilient manner, while the social recognition of new energy users and vehicles will continue to increase with environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and new energy vehicle technology.
The demand for new energy in overseas markets will continue to be rapidly raised, as a result of progress and increasing economic performance, among other factors.