It's a piece of paper, and you know it's going to work.
(1) On February 16, 2023, the Wheels Group announced the sale of new liquid gold in wheeled tyres.
Four new series of liquid gold tyres, covering the mainstream high-end vehicles of the global mainstream. Four series of liquid gold tyre products released this time are equipped with ecopoint3 technology, the "liquid gold" technology. (2) In recent days, we have tested the energy-saving performance of liquid gold tyres.
The original tires pilotsport 4 series (specified as 235/45r18) and the same car-type gold color custom for wheel liquids replace tyres for the standard version of Teslamodel3.
The result of the evaluation was that, in five blocks, the energy consumption of gold tyres using race wheel liquids was lower than when the original tyres were used, and the average energy consumption of the five sections decreased by 12 per cent.
Swords: New White Horses, New Consumption 2021.2 Shenyang, All Steels 3.3 million, Early Births 2020.11
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Figure: Results of the performance test of the gold tires of the wheels, using a comparison of energy consumption of the original and the gold tyres of the wheels (mechanics/100 km) Liquid gold tyres: too hard performance without fear of evaluation.
\triangleright technologyinternational (International Tyre Technology) covered the world's first chemical plyzer technique, which used the verc glue, which was praised by industry as “liquidgold”
From this point on, the Golden Year of Liquids was officially opened. In 2018, the first liquid yellow gold tyres were delineated. In 2021, the flat gold saloon tires were rolled back, the wetlands were caught, and the liquid gold truck tires were awarded the tüv Rhine "energy-saving."
Pioneer Award, 2022, "Little Golden Tire Show" in Cologne, Germany, with four tyre products that were accompanied by tüvmark certificates and the best performance of China's rubber tires industry worldwide... Since the advent of liquid gold, many recognitions of performance have been obtained in academia and industry.
On the basis of previous performance tests of liquid gold tyres conducted by various authorities, we have conducted a comparison of the energy consumption of liquid gold tyres with that of the original vehicle-type tyres. The properties of liquid gold tyres can be tested again, with an average energy loss of 12 per cent for the five sections.
The gold tires of the wheels have ordinary money ($1033/bar) and color custom money ($2699/bar), and the energy-saving effects of the two products are similar and offer a variety of options to customers in the event of a significant reduction in energy consumption and improvement of the ability to continue. In the years of the Model3 era, the first owners were faced with a new birth.
At the time of choice, liquid gold tyres are expected to increase the penetration rate of high-end tyres and win cars with over-stretch performance, increasing production, increasing product abundance, expanding markets, moving away liquid gold tyres \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
(i) In terms of capacity, in June 22nd, 60,000 tons of Yekai ' s new material had completed an empty load test vehicle, and 22q3 had begun to contribute incrementally to the company ' s liquid gold tires, contributing to the company ' s enrichment of the company ' s liquid gold product lines. (2) In terms of products, the company ' s liquid gold products were covered.
The main types of tyres, full steel, semi-steeds and special tyres are produced and modeled. This is the launch of four new series of liquid gold tyres, such as the new energy ev series, the luxury driving series, the urban driving series, the super high performance series and so forth, covering the mainstream vehicles at the top of the global mainstream.
(iii) On the market, the wheels of liquid gold wheels have landed in the middle, US, EU, Japanese, and other large countries of tyres/cars, where they have become visible or marketable. In addition, the wheels have opened up a full line of sales under the line, providing customized personalized tyres for users.
We believe that liquid gold tyres are expected to become an important driving force for long-term growth of the race wheels with sustained consumer approval based on excellent heterogeneity. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we expect companies to earn business income in 2022-2024, respectively.
Risk factors: 1 - Risk that new production capacity will fail to materialize as expected 2 and that rubber prices will fluctuate significantly. \triangleright Zhang Yansheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Finance, Beijing University, seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group.
In March, it officially joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries. Yoon Yoon Yoo, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Nakayama University, Master of Audit, Central University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.