Song Qiu-mei's performance is in line with expectations, with the company issuing three-quarter reports in 2019, and the company's operating income was $17.18 billion in the first three quarters.
In the first three quarters, performance was in line with expectations: the company achieved business income of $17.180 billion in January-September 2019, an increase of 0.12 per cent in the same year, a net return of $2,146 million to the mother, a decrease of 7.32 per cent in the same year, and non-return.
The net profit of the mother was 2,013 million yuan, an increase of 434 per cent over the same period. In the single quarter, 2,194 million yuan was earned, a decrease of 5.41 per cent over the same quarter, and 945 million yuan over the same period, a decrease of 1.93 per cent over the same period.
The target investment peaked and the year-round performance was assured. 1.8 percentage points of the product portfolio, the cash flow improved significantly, and the operating cash flow was $6.3 million, which was the same as last year.
During the first half of the year, investment in grid engineering slowed down, and in the second half of the year, it appears that grid investment is gradually being repaired, with 1-9.
During the month, the national grid project completed investment of $295.3 billion, a 12.5 per cent decrease compared to the previous half-year, a 19.3 per cent decrease that has been significantly narrowed, and is expected to accelerate in four quarters on the back of the grid.
Since March of this year, when the National Network proposed the full deployment of a pan-power network, a large number of tenders for computerized equipment and services have been launched. It is expected that q4 will be fully settled in close to 10 billion related orders.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. investments and investment services provided by Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.