Joint venture to import core technology, the process of industrialization of the igbt accelerated, October 17, 2019, research assistant Chai Ka Fai.
▪ Joint venture with the National Network Institute to set up a power semiconductor subsidiary in Nanxia, with a ratio of 69.8 per cent, and an announcement was issued to invest in the establishment of the Yuzhmorgeologiya semiconductor company, in conjunction with the National Network's research unit, Global Energy Internet Research Institute Ltd.
The U.S. Institute, which is a foreign-led technology-driven field in the area of igbt, is required to replace the major power of gbt imports. The igbt is the insulation of bipolar transistors, which are the core equipment in the field of electricity, and is equivalent to cpu in the field of electricity electronics.
A wide range of applications based on different voltage levels, high voltage gbt for grids, inter-trading, wind power, medium voltage for industrial controls, new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, home appliances, low voltage for auto parts, 3c, etc. But the domestic industry of gbt is late in starting, and only the international community has complete technology.
In the high-pressure field, British quartz, Mitsubishi, abb, etc., are largely monopolistic, and are widely applied to power grids with a high power of igbt technology, which is difficult and largely dominated by abb. Large power of igbt’s national production is inevitable.
On the other hand, the volatility of the prices of the igbt products has also had an impact on the Māori rate of electricity companies both inside and outside the country. As a key research unit of the NSN smart grid, the Institute is already visible in the power semiconductor field.
In 2010, the Institute began research on power semiconductor devices with a technical team of more than 100 people.
The team and the advanced power device are currently equipped with high-pressure igbt chip design techniques. The U.N.S. Institute, which is responsible for major national science and technology (02 special) clearance tasks, such as “National high-voltage high-voltage gbt module power system applications”, has developed the 1200-4500v series of igbt,
Frd chip and device, successfully developed samples of carbonated silicon diodes ranging from 1200 v to 6500v, have made major innovations in the power semiconductor field.  This technology transfer is to introduce the core technology of the U.N.S. Institute to accelerate the process of industrialization of the U.N.R. Rigbt
1. " State Electric Swe (600406): The overall process. The Institute ' s funding ranged from 1,200v welding, 1700v, 3300v welding and pressurized, 4500v welding and pressured gbt and frd chip, gbt module completion.
2019-08-31 Full intellectual property rights (design, process, testing, list of materials, patents, etc.), and technical experience in the construction and sealing of chip lines, covering transmission, new energy, electricity, electric vehicles, etc.
The U.S.A. will have no less than 30 professional igbt research and development staff, as expected, with information and communication plus dispatch plus super-pressure drive.
and the second batch of 1,200v/1700v groove rims and modules until the end of the year.
3. The three-quarterly National Electric Swe (600406) report, which achieved three successive batches of quantitatively stable production in two batches of technology, used the transformation of this technology as the main basis for the team ' s performance appraisal.
Figure 1: The gbt application area of different voltage and current levels
Figure 2: gbt Results Conversion Plan East Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has been accredited by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board