On November 17th, 2019, Tsang Ding Hong, a company formed to promote the industrialization of power-carrying robots.
Tianjin, a limited company with a registered capital of 250 million yuan, with 100 million yuan from China's electricity supply, 100 million yuan from China's electricity supply, and 3 million dollars from China's electricity supply.
RMB/$50 million; NGS recommends a chairman, a director, and a joint venture company is mainly engaged in power-carrying machines  power-specific robots are an important part of power-connecting efficiency in-house, smart inspection robots are the first step, and power-carrying operations are the leap from self-collecting to self-movement operations.
In the frame, the detection and inspection system is an important component of the connection between transmission and distribution, and is an important way to improve the efficiency of the grid. The smart inspection robot is now operational in some projects, and the electrical operation is that robots can perform continuous electrical checks on high-voltage electrical equipment, from data collection to autonomous exercise.
In its 17-year reorganisation report, Nanxi proposed to invest in research and development in “Asymptomatic and Robotic Technologies and Products.”
This is $430 million. There is a certain accumulation of technology. At the Third Smart Congress of the first half of this month, the National Cyber Fair showed the creation of an artificially intelligent technology-based grid-connected operation robot, which has doubled the efficiency of individual operations.
In 2019, the strategic core product was launched, with 490 machines sold annually, with a revenue of $456 million, a Māori rate of 63.4 per cent, and an average unit cost of nearly $1 million for robots, with considerable industrial experience.
Industrial robots z100 are the company's strategic core products, which can be automatically adjusted through modular software switching, using mechanical arms to grab and replace different tools to ensure that the normal supply of power is accompanied by the replacement of the operator in a variety of complex, dangerous high-altitude tether tasks, such as feeder-wiring connections.
▪ This collaboration will accelerate the process of industrialization of power-carrying robotics. This investment will facilitate the development and industrialization of real-time electric-carrying robotics products, guarantee the safety and reliability of the grid and the safety of operators to provide high-level equipment support. We estimate that the potential market space for power-carrying robots is more than 5 billion, this time together.
With a combination of billions of calories and electric robotic products, and with Nanxi the advantages of R&D and software, and with the help of Nanxi, the country’s web channels, it is expected that the products will spread quickly and yield better benefits in the coming years. Münnan is the core unit that underpins the construction of electricity grids, and the ICT business is expected to move into a high-growth cycle.
Proposing the strategic objective of the “Tour Two Networks, World First” which supports the construction of electricity grids, supports the construction of 1 and is the core of the three-quarters newspaper State Electric Swe (600406) with the World's Top Energy Internet Enterprise. 2019q4 is fully built in electricity grids.
In the construction phase, Nanse won around 3% of the bid in the overall focused project tender, at about 40%, and commented on the slower pace of growth, the improved Māori rate, and the expected upward, high pressure to continue landing, and energy-saving equipment lease orders driven by the power grid automation panel.
1) Power grid automation plate: 20 years from now, in Nanxi's detailed operation, a new generation that meets the requirements, 2, State Electric (600406): joint venture systems, new generation of smart power indicates that the year is expected to begin to evolve, and conversion station automation follows the new cycle of super-high pressure
Construction is also expected to improve upwards, and the power grid automation section is expected to improve further overall. (ii) Superhigh import core technology, igbt industrial evolution.
2019-10-18 Volves over $3 billion, O4 will gradually confirm performance, with Nanxi ' s historical winning share at around 40%, and it is expected that more orders will be obtained with the remaining three approved tenders. 3) Energy-saving equipment lease: 18 years in construction.
3. National Electric Swe (600406): The total “energy-saving equipment lease project” budget is $8.86 billion, with an account balance of $2.87 billion for the first three quarters of the period.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board