Resource and Environmental Research Center Māori rate continues to rise in a single quarter, and four quarters will be a watershed in performance.
The net return profit was 2,146 million and 2,013 million, respectively, representing an increase of -7.32 per cent and 4.34 per cent respectively. Overall performance met expectations, with a marked increase in the Maori rate in the single quarter. Last April, the company adjusted its accounting estimates change policy for bad accounts receivable and a one-time adjustment for impairment of accounts receivable for the first three quarters of last year.
The positive impact of total profits in the last year ' s q3 quarter was 371 million and 108 million respectively, excluding the impact, with net returns in the previous three quarters and q3 net returns increasing by 6.6 per cent and 8.1 per cent respectively, q3 quarter Māori rates reaching 31.37 per cent, with a significant increase of 3.4 pt, with our judgement and the high Māori rate of the share of electricity grid automation.
The increase and the significant increase in the Māori rate for electricity information products over the previous year; the increase in Māori rates in the first three quarters compared with 1. The rate was reported in N.N. 2019 - further consolidated by more than the increase in Māori rates, which led to a fall in net interest rates between 1 pc and 12.49 per cent in the first three quarters of the company.
The company will invest in the grid next year. 2.
3. South Swe Stock Incentives Point - Stock Incentives Decline The Downstream Project takes down all the swap valves and straight flow control protections with a total value of 1.76 billion yuan in shares.
A total of 24.6 per cent, with a 22 per cent increase in the number of new orders for aid q3, a marked improvement in the ring comparison, a steady increase in the next year ' s low base, and an increase in the number of new orders for companies next year faster than this year, and more volatile, and a clear logic of performance growth.
In September, the National Network launched its first bid on a centralized network, which is expected to reach about $13 billion in actual bids throughout the year.
The three types of tenders that we have sorted out show a strong pattern of competition, with the winning share expected to be more than 40%. Two years across the board, the bid is expected to reach $20-30 billion a year, which will directly stimulate single-infested growth in corporate ICT-type products and become a central pull factor in the company’s medium-term performance.
The company is increasing the pace of its emerging industries. The company has already achieved 1,200 vigbt product drifts. In order to accelerate the process of industrialization of the igbt and reduce the risk of investment in investment, the company intends to establish a joint venture with the Global Energy Network Institute Ltd. to promote 1700v and above voltage levels of igbt and more.
(8621) The rapid landing of the 60935389 frd chip. In addition, the company has been actively engaged in new and emerging areas such as drones, patrol robots, port-side electricity, offshore wind power, rail power electronics, etc., and partial orders have been obtained.
Broad-based electricity grids will open up new opportunities for companies, with expected net electricity network automation investments in 2019-2021 falling short of expectations; an escalation in trade between Central America and the United States; and an expansion of emerging industries that may fall short of expectations.1 Overall performance is in line with expectations, with a marked increase in the Maori rate in the single quarter
Overall performance was in line with expectations, after deducting the impact of the adjustment of accounting standards on the increase in net return profits in the first three quarters of the year - about 6.6 per cent of the companies released revenues of $17.18 billion in three quarters, representing an increase of 0.1 per cent in the same year; net return and non-repatriation profits of $2,146 million and $2,013 million, respectively, representing increases of -732 per cent and -434 per cent, respectively.
The company adjusted its accounting estimate change policy for bad accounts receivable for a one-time increase of $1 million in the value of accounts receivable and recorded all non-recurring gains and losses. If the effect of this adjustment is excluded, the net profit and the net profit of q3 increased by 6.6 per cent and 8.1 per cent in the previous three quarters.
The increase in the Māori rate in the company's single quarter was more marked, with the increase in the cost rate in the first three quarters increasing the profitability. q3 The Māori rate reached 31.37 per cent in the first quarter, the increase in our judgement and high Māori rate in the electricity network automation and the increase in the Māori rate in electricity information products from the previous year: the Māori rate reached in the first three quarters.
The increase of 1.84 pct was greater than the increase in the Māori rate, leading to a fall in net interest rates in the first three quarters of the company.
With a high probability, the annual investment in the grid will reach about $495 billion, a decline of 7.8 per cent compared to the previous year.
Net investment focuses on informatization, automated structural factors, and higher corporate shares, with new orders growing at a higher rate than the previous year, and the ring comparison has improved considerably, but since the grid order confirmation cycle is six months to one year, there is a certain delay in receiving orders to the camp. We judge that the q4 and next year's new orders will be maintained at the same rate as the next year's q4 and next year's.
In the medium-high-speed range, this means that next year’s growth will be marked by a marked acceleration.2 A large-scale bidding for electricity grids has been launched, and the company’s winning share is ahead. The first centralized bidding for electricity grids opened up the logo industry in September this year.
Electricity information and communication can now be divided into conventional electricity information communication and electricity grids. 1) In 2019, Nanwe won a total of 715 million in the first batch of tenders for new information services, with a share of 39%.
The winning bid of $633 million, or 44 per cent, represented an increase compared to previous tenders for information-based services. (ii) The request for proposals for information-based equipment consisted of four types of products, namely, information software, information hardware, dispatch software, dispatch hardware, and $268 million in 2019 for software and hardware, the first batch of companies to win the bid.
41%, or 583 million in hardware and software for the winning schedule, or 46% of this share. 3) Communications equipment is used in a very large number of links, with an analytical focus on a centralized tender for communications for the public transmission and transformation of electricity on the national network, and 5 letters in 2019, bringing together 490 million, or 23%, of Nanwe ' s total winning bid.
From the first round of centralized tenders, the sum of the two main bidders, Nanse and Sinsu, which together accounted for more than 90 per cent of the total, market and technology competition.
The Bureau is more secure, both of which are in the role of “sellers” and will outsource specific sub-tasks and needs in service lines to other manufacturers. (Note: The national grid e-commerce website offers a centralized tender, which is only one form of tender, and which can be used as a basis for observing bid trends and estimating shares, and the electricity information that companies actually acquire.)
Figure 8: Performance of equipment in the communications category for the 1 to 5th batch of electrical transmissions this year
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment