The deep-dry storage is so deep that brand technology is the leader.
▪ Deep Farming is reversible for 20 miles, and brands are deep-dwelling, so they are cast as light-stores. 1) Deep Farming Lightways, sustained growth in performance: 23 years of net profit of 72.255/94.4 billion yuan, an increase of 80.163 million yuan, sustained growth. 2) Brand + R & D + channels cast the company ' s core competitiveness: 24 years of company competitiveness.
The brand value was outnumbered by hundreds of billions and remained 100 per cent financingable for many years; by the end of 24q2, 4906 patents had been accumulated; by the end of 24q2, there were 20+ overseas branches, five service areas worldwide, 490+ service points and hundreds of channel partners sold to 170+ countries and territories worldwide.
• Two strong patterns, product innovation plus global brand size advantage, and robust growth in profitability. Global light and voltage demand is growing robustly, with a 21% increase in the world ' s 490gw in 2024, with a 15-20% increase in compound growth in the future; the two-strength pattern of reverse transformers, with companies accounting for 30% of the world ' s total
The above shares are steady and enjoy the growth of market demand. Companies have product innovation, global brands, size advantages, overseas + distributional promotion of Māori. (a) Companies have products ranging from central to cluster, from 2kw to 350kw, and are continuously upscaled to create a strong market on the ground.
Brand and product advantages and profitability. (b) Corporate Europe/Latin America/Asia-Pacific market share 11.18/23 per cent, more profitable overseas, European household use (40 per cent +) > Euro-American ground (40 per cent) > and the Middle East in India (20-30 per cent) with distribution and continued growth of hybrid products, respectively.
We're looking around the world at a high rate of growth in the US and China, with large reserves in Europe, the Middle East, Chile, Australia and other emerging markets starting to explode in 24 years, and we expect the world's large reserves to grow by 30 to 50% over the next three years.
Deep, strong leader, new growth poles for non-American market expansion: (a) product comprehensiveness, technological advantages: clear: companies moving from inverters to storage, long-term contact with grid end firms, high application and support capacity on the side of the grid, innovation in grid stem cell technology, 2000v high-pressure light storage
Systems, network-based storage, tri-power integration, etc., provide a lead; (b) Channels, Sunshine Power (300274); Bureau + Brand Power, 2024: 336 corporate global distributors and 23-year Woodmac global storage system
Review: o2 performance is over-expected, stock-rich innovation is high, brands are strong, stock-breeding is facilitated by grid-reversers, and there are natural channel advantages. c) Deep-ploughing high-profit markets abroad, non-American markets are expanding new growth poles: overseas product performance is important
In addition to after-sales services, companies have continued to cut high-quality orders through technology-plus brands, the United States has reached the second largest market, while market orders such as those in the Middle East and Europe have accelerated, and the non-American market has become a new growth.
▪ Profit projection and investment rating: considering the company ' s inverse and storage capacity, the future years and years of storage continue to grow, the profitability of the company remains high, and we maintain the company ' s net return 2024-2026.
The company focuses on the development, production, marketing and servicing of new energy sources such as solar, wind, storage, hydrogen, electric vehicles, among other things.
Photovoltaic reverse transformers, wind currents, storage systems, water surface photovoltaic systems, new energy motors, charging equipment, renewable energy hydrogen systems, intelligent energy transport services, etc. In 2003, the company developed China’s first fully autonomous photovoltaic grid reverse transformer with intellectual property rights, breaking foreign monopolies; in 2006, it formally entered into storage operations and developed reserves autonomously.
The transformer sc50 was applied for the first time to industrial energy storage systems; it became the world's first reversible company to deliver a “billion” kilowatt in 2019; and as of 2023, the company's photovoltaic inverter had been sold in bulk to more than 170 countries and territories around the globe.
As of 30 June 2024, Cao In-Hyun, the founder and chairman of the company, held 30,46 per cent of the shares directly, 0.29 per cent indirectly through the Fertilizers of Cheuk's Equity Investment Partnership, 0.18 per cent by his spouse Sulei, 30.93 per cent by Cao In-Hyun, and a high concentration of company shares.
The company’s management has many years of experience in the industry, which helps the company to take the market direction. Mr. Cao In-hyun is light.
In addition, many other core members have in-house experience that allows the company to take full advantage of it.
1.3. High performance growth and high profitability of overseas operations, light storage operations The company maintained steady growth in revenue and net profits over the years. In 2023, the company earned 72.25 billion yuan, an increase of 79.5 per cent; In 2023, photovoltaic reverse transformers accounted for 38.27 per cent, maintaining the highest share, with storage systems accounting for 24.64 per cent, compared with 2022
The Māori share of light-store products is higher than the RMB because of its high Māori ratio, which is largely due to the off-shore status of reversible products and improved after-sales services, as well as lower prices for raw materials and high brand premiums. The company’s focus on the integration of light storage is expected to continue to rise in the future as light-loading machines increase and the scale of operations expand.
In terms of profitability, RPV, new energy investments in Māori are more stable, storage systems, photovoltaic power stations are somewhat volatile, and companies have been selling Māori in recent years, with net interest rates on the whole increasing trend. The PPV Division has taken the initiative to give up low-profit orders, focusing on high-value markets such as Europe and America, and to achieve high profitability.
Figure 9: Corporate Māori Rates, Net Interest Rates (NPEs) Corporate Globalization is becoming more global, fully benefiting from the high Māori in overseas markets. Subregionally, in 2023, the Māori rate for corporate products was significantly higher than in domestic markets, and companies had long laid markets in the United States, Europe, Australia, the Middle East, etc.
Māori overseas reached 63 per cent in 2023.
Brands are worth hundreds of billions of dollars, and their visibility and reputations continue to rise. The company is ranked first in the global new energy generation industry in 2024, with the honours of “Fubos China Innovation Enterprises 50” and “Fubos’ Best Egg Practices Employers 500” and “Fought China 50” and “Fought China 50” and “Fought China 50” and “Fought Global Future 50.”
The list of China’s 500 most valuable brands, which are worth hundreds of billions of dollars, amounting to $10.840 billion (the world’s brand lab), has been in the forefront of 100% financing for years and brand recognition globally. Overseas projects depend on the financing capacity of the capital.
So product financeability is the key to obtaining the project. In conducting the financing feasibility assessment, overseas banks refer to past cases and certification records of the enterprise and raise the credit rating of the enterprise accordingly. Sun power is now largely global in coverage of mainstream bank financing, according to Bnef's 2019 and 2020 components and reverse changer finance values report.
For the second year in a row, Sun power was ranked first in the world in terms of financing and was the only inverse brand with a 100% financing value. Figure 13: 2023 benf Financing Ratings
1.4.2. Sustained investment in R & D, strong technology, hard-working technical teams and high proportion of R & D personnel. Since its establishment in 1997, companies have established six major R & D centres in Fatty, Shanghai, Nanjing, Shenzhen, Germany and the Netherlands, to foster more experienced and autonomous innovation expertise in R & D.
The company has set up a central research institute to do the pre-existing high-value patent placements and technical difficulties; it provides efficient platform services and innovative management for group products, technology development. At the same time, the ministries of industry have set up independent research and development teams close to people, with 2,178 students with master ' s degrees and about 40% of the research and development staff.
The Science and Technology Project, which led the drafting of national standards, is a rare mastery of autonomous core skills in the industry, while companies focus on the accumulation of intellectual property rights for technological innovations and follow closely the evolution of new technological standards. By the end of 2024q2, companies had accumulated 4906 patents, of which 1,686 were inventions and 2785 were practical.
Design 435 designs to guide industry ' s new-quality productivity development with leading technological overlaps and product innovation capabilities. 1.4.3. Globalisation strategy, which builds the capacity to service global channels. Globalization strategy supports globalization ' s service capacity, with output plus channel layout leading. Sunshine power was established from the very beginning.
Globalized development strategies, the company ' s Indian production base abroad and Thai factory capacity have reached 25gw. By the end of June 2024, the company had built more than 20 branches abroad, five major service areas around the world, more than 490 service points and hundreds of important channel partners, selling its products to more than 170 countries and territories around the globe. As of 2024q2, the company had built more than 2024q2.
The Department’s overseas employees, 1518, increased by 23.01% from the same year. The company will continue to globalize its operations, focusing on capacity-building in key areas such as global marketing, services, finance, etc., and strengthening the system of support for globalization.
2.1. Demand continues to grow, and the inverters are more than two strong. 2.1.1. Photovoltaic: the period of high demand growth has passed, the period of smooth growth has begun, the period of high photovoltaic demand has passed, and the period of steady growth of demand has begun.
Recall that after the release of the 24h1 silicon bottleneck, the significant release of industrial output + battery technology + demand has slowed down, pushing global prices down faster, the industry has entered the business cash transfusion phase, and the entire industry chain price bottoms. After component prices have fallen below $1, short-term marginal changes have not been sensitive to rates of return, demand has passed the stage of over-expected growth and industry has entered.
Households/business and industry add about 60gw, a steady increase over the same period. The base of the year’s additional loads is high, and we expect to grow steadily in 2024; we expect new photovoltaics worldwide in 2024.
R490gw, equal to 21 per cent, maintained robust growth, with China/United States/Europe adding 240/40/72gw, 2.1.2. Inverse transformers: the best growing track in light voltage, stable industry patterns, and a wide variety of photovoltaic reverse transformers, which can be classified as mini-reversers, cluster inverters and clusters by applicable scenario
Moderate converters. Central photovoltaic converters (power generation > 500kw) are widely used in large, medium-sized photovoltaic power systems such as deserts, highlands, commercial roofs, etc.; clustered photovoltaic reverses (generally less than 100kw) are widely used in small and medium-sized photovoltaic systems such as residential, commercial roofs, farms, etc.; microreverters (power generation ~ 1000w)
It is mainly used in small-scale power generation systems, such as residential buildings. Different types of inverters vary widely, with a large range of power, a rapid technical overlap, and a greater degree of non-labelling than photovoltaic components.
Technology, solid Dewey, silicon industry (tcl middle ring), silicon industry (convergence shares), component industry (Lonki green energy, crystal energy), invertor industry business model with high turnover of light assets, roe, higher turnover of assets and a better quality track for business models.
Reverse transformers combine photovoltaic-plus storage demand with industries growing more rapidly than pure photovoltaics. Inverters are used not only in photovoltaic systems to convert direct currents to exchange power; they are also used in storage systems to convert direct currents, thus increasing the stability and reliability of energy sources.
Industry concentration has increased, and sunlight power sources and China have a strong head. Photovoltaic converters, because of their high technical barriers, have been monopolized by foreign reversors in the early stages of their development.
Meanwhile, with China’s rising installed power ratios, the company’s share of land-based photovoltaic products has continued to rise. According to s&p global, solar power came first in 2023 among providers of photovoltaic reverse transformers; and according to ihs, the company’s share in 2023.
The share of global exports rose to 23 per cent.
In 2023, driven by global carbon neutrals and strategies, the European energy crisis, and the steady rise in corporate competitiveness, corporate reverses reached 130gw, an increase of 69% compared to the previous year, 2019 - market, service and supply chain advantages, continued global competitiveness and influence, and strong industry leaders.
Core business income has increased and the Māori rate has risen steadily. In 2023, the company ' s photovoltaic inverter contributed first, accounting for 38.27 per cent, achieving business income of $27.7 billion, an increase of 76 per cent, and maintaining high growth rates since 2019. The public sector has largely benefited from falling exchange rates, scale effects, lower prices for electronic raw materials, and so forth.
At $13.1 billion, an increase of 12.63 per cent, Māori at 28 per cent, a decrease of 1.88 pct, Māori at a high level.
The company’s core product, Photovoltaic Inverters, has achieved a wide range of power through technological innovation, taking into account the cost of lcoe and the high-power component suitability factors. The product categories include household inverters, cluster inverters, centralized inverters, model block inverters, and full coverage of applications such as household, business, and large terrestrial power stations.
Efficiency has reached 99% on the whole line, at 0.07/w-0.15/w per unit production cost range. From centralized to full product lines, technology is deposited and competitive advantages are evident. Companies rely on centralized products as the basis for inverse transformer products, such as the extended group chain, and have developed and developed full product lines over the years.
Figure 32: The company’s product lines have been expanded to complete the full-scale layout, the ground market is in the middle of the wall, and the chain penetration rate has increased. By market type, the price of the component cores has been driven by a rise in the price of the photo-storage lcoe, and the demand for the ground power station market has erupted again since 2023, and is expected to continue to occupy it.
The photovoltage machine requires half a wall. By technology, the inverter market has become dominated by a chain inverter. As technology progresses, the cost of a chain inverter has declined rapidly, and is now close to the cost of a centralized inverter, prompting a growing number of cluster applications and shares, from 32 per cent in 16 years to 80 per cent in 23 years.
The centralized market is solid and profitable. Ground-based markets are dominated by bidding, with higher demands on the power grid and system capabilities of reverse-changers; after years of intense competition, the industry is now better organized, with higher concentrations of sunlight, energy, and variability in the country.
The company's output is dominated by a centralized power station on the ground, the industry's authority is stable, and distributed goods continue to grow. The company's output continues to increase as the price of the component stimulates an increase in the number of earth station loads; the industry is strong and the profits are strong. For profit in the sub-region, the company uses 40-50% of the distributionable Māori in Europe, Europe.
40% of the U.S. surface, 20-30% of the country ' s ground and Middle East, maintaining a solid ground power station base, 2.4% of the overseas branding channels accumulated, and the leading branding channels accumulated deep and rising. Bnef ' s report on the value of inverter financing continues to show.
Sunshine power has become the world’s most financing invertor brand, with photovoltaic power stations using Sunshine Reversers making it easier to access bank finance and non-recourse loans. In 2023, the company’s overseas region received $33.369 billion, compared to the firm’s globalized development strategy, insisting on a two-wheel drive of large customers + channels.
The company has now built 20+ Moleculars, five major global service areas, 490+ service outlets, and hundreds of important channel partners overseas. Products have been sold in bulk to 170+ countries around the world, and Indian production bases abroad and factories in Thailand have reached 25gw.
By the end of 2023, companies had built more than 20 molecular companies abroad, five major service areas around the world, 85+ Global Service Centers, with 276 channel partners covering more than 54 countries and territories. Of these, 45 Australian conduits were the largest number of conduits;
44 countries, with the largest number of European market outlets, leading the business sector in the development of corporate channels. Figure 40: Number of countries covered by reverse changers and number of channels in 2023. Figure 41: Distribution of solar power suppliers in 2023 to the top 10 regions
The United States market is well-established, with strong business performance. High demand for product quality, service and branding in markets such as the United States, Australia, and Europe has created certain entry thresholds, benefiting from long-term branding and channeling, with companies accounting for 22% of the annual US market.
The corporate global market is strong because of brand effects and product innovation. According to ihs, companies have 11 per cent, 18 per cent, 23 per cent, respectively, in Europe, Latin America, Asia and the Pacific, and an excellent overseas share, supporting inverser profit patterns in Europe, Latin America, Asia and the Pacific.
2.5. Full product lines + full-channel layouts are shaped to take the lead, with a pattern of excellence + strong efficiency gains expected to continue to grow and to maintain strong corporate output. Companies will invest in improving product competitiveness, expanding the layout of global marketing and service outlets, and increasing demand for scalding light, and we expect a rapid increase in corporate output.
Long, expected to reach 160-170gw in 2024, with a 30 per cent increase; sustained steady growth. 3. Storage capacity: global demand for storage capacity continues to grow, technology-plus channels provide the vanguard advantage.
Global reserve demand is growing in a wide range of areas. 1) Large reserves: Central America’s market is the main source of demand for storage, maintaining high growth, and the US market is expected to continue to contribute incremental space. At the same time, Europe’s new energy consumption problem is pushing up demand for large reserves, and demand is on the rise, with the number of emerging-market projects such as the Middle East expanding dramatically into a period of rapid growth.
Large reserves have been installed for 24 years, with an increase of 65%. 2) Household reserves: Europe, South Africa, and other emerging markets, such as Pakistan, Ukraine, and others, have slowed down their contribution to major markets, and Australia, Japan, and the United States have grown steadily.
3.1.1. China ' s large reserves: light storage parities have opened and demand continues to rise. Demand for large domestic reserves under the compulsory storage policy has continued to rise. Since 2022, governments have introduced storage requirements for new energy sources, such as photovoltaics, and since 2024, some provinces and municipalities have demanded a further increase in the share of forced storage.
As at 2024h1, domestic storage capacity was over 30gwhh, an increase of 60%; as at July 2024, domestic storage capacity had accumulated 50gwhh, an increase of 50% plus, and storage capacity continued to grow at a sustained rate, laying the foundation for a high demand for domestic storage capacity.
Undercosts drive the storage Irrr up and the storage capacity up gradually. Since 2023, the storage price has been declining, reaching $1.0/w in June 2024, and 0.6/w in the storage system. Lower storage costs drive the storage Irrr up, for example, in Shandong Market, where we measure 30/2h light storage system.
The National Energy Agency (NEA) showed that the storage capacity in the 2024h1 country network area was 390h per hour, double the same time ratio, and that the storage capacity was real. Figure 47: Price trends in domestic storage systems and storage capacity epc ($/w) Figure 48: rate of return on domestic shared storage capacity (for example, Shandong shared storage capacity)
In terms of policy incentives, itc policy was extended for a further 10 years in 2023, with a 30% share of household tax credit.
With the addition of provisions, the percentage of tax credits can reach 30 per cent +; while the Ferc network policy continues to be optimized to simplify processes, improve efficiency, prioritize processes ready under the new policy, review them with the same type, reduce games, and gradually increase deposits at different stages of the process and withdraw the process for default, thus significantly shortening the time taken to check storage and web access; and add up storage capacity
Prices are also falling, and US storage power is expected to increase further during the interest-reduction cycle, pushing US stock demand in large storage markets back to growth, and large storage machines continue to explode. To benefit from an opt-in process, 2024h1 U.S. storage capacity of 4.1gw, an increase of 126%, and capacity loader 11.2gwh, a rise of 201%, larger than in the United States in 2024.
Emerging markets: multiple global blooms, large-stock demand surges, promising to double in the future, new energy-consumption generation can support policies and are expected to start in 2024.)) United Kingdom: Energy Prospects for the Future in 24 years.
(b) Italy: a Euro17.7 billion storage capacity plan has been announced to assist the country in the construction of more than 9gw/71gwh storage facilities, and the policy plus boosts the 24-year-old blow-out of large storage wells.) Spain: the 2023 plan is to raise the target of the 2030 photovoltage aircraft from 37gw to 76gw, thereby boosting the demand for storage energy.
6.5gw and 5gw new networking applications are being processed, with storage planning projects exceeding 10gw, with a continued high increase in 2024-2026. 4) Greece: set a storage capacity target for 2030 at 3.1gw, with a peak requirement of 10gw, Erland: 0.7gwh of storage capacity accumulated at the end of 2023. 2.2gwh, construction project at the end of 2024q2, approved at 5.3gwh.
Application 3.7gwh has been submitted, pre-application 0.45gwh; 6) Poland: in June 2024 Pacificgreen agreed to purchase two Polish storage energy projects, both 50mw/200mwh, which are planned to participate in a 24-year tender for capacity, and in July the Polish electric producer, pge group, announced a tender for the construction of a 900mwh energy storage facility.
Nets are expected to double in 2026 to 0.4gw; (7) Germany: the size of the large reservoirs is still small, starting from 2025, with year-round parity; as of July 2024, the German stock was in the process of being built on 2.9gwh, of which 2gwh in 2025 was proposed to be connected to the net, and conservatively, the European large reservoir reached 7.4gwh in 2024, an increase of about 104 per cent, with 3gwh in the United Kingdom and Italy starting.
The contribution has increased significantly. In 2025, the storage capacity is expected to be 14.6gwh, a 98% increase in the same year, the United Kingdom continues to increase, Italy, Spain, etc.) and other emerging markets. (2)
In the Middle East: accelerated energy transformation, intensive storage of 30gwh+; in Chile: demand for reserves for development of mines, 16gwh+; in Australia: plans to expand capacity investment are expected to reach 32gw in 2030, with 9gw renewable energy.
Source: 23gw, with a total capacity of 5gw/11gwh in 2024, with a combined total of 5.7gwh in the top five projects of the size, to be delivered in 2025-2026; 4) India: In the event of a high expected increase in photovoltaics, India plans to strengthen its storage capacity, the Central Power Authority of India expects a storage requirement of 73.93gw/411.4gwh by 2031-2032.
Two-thirds of the installed capacity will come from the battery storage system. The market ' s large reservoir, 10gwh, increased by about 111% over the same period, with the Middle East 3-4gwh, Chile 2gwh, Australia 1.5-2gwh, and India 1gwh. The storage capacity is expected to increase by 126% over the 25-year period, with major countries continuing to double.
3.2. Household storage: Emerging markets contribute more, major markets are slowing down, Europe ' s inversion data have been growing month by month since March 2024, with a return to high electricity prices in Pakistan in 2025 and an outbreak of demand for a policy + economic driver. The government ' s debt crisis has been severe and has been met.
Imf loan conditions, sustained increases in the price of electricity to raise fiscal revenues, current residential electricity prices are about $1.8/kwh, high electricity costs, while the roof photovoltaic system has been transformed into a general measurement policy that has further boosted household demand by measuring Pakistan's savings of 39% + 3 years, while we measure Pakistan's household storage needs.
20gwh, large space for demand. Figure 68: Economic valuation of household storage in Pakistan (cross-axis: residential utility/kwh: vertical axis: light storage system cost/w)
Ukraine was re-established after the war, with rigid storage needs and a vast space for growth. As a result of the severe damage to Ukraine’s electricity facilities and a significant decline in its power generation capacity, half of Ukraine’s electricity generation capacity reached 18 gigawatts in 2023 at the peak of its energy demand in the winter, and now no longer exists, 80% of which were burned and 30% of electricity was destroyed, Ukraine’s electricity was destroyed.
At the same time, the Ukrainian Government introduced successive measures such as zero-interest-rate loans and import-tax exemptions to promote renewable energy development, the build-up of European aid support, and the outbreak of demand for household deposits. We measured Ukraine's household storage space at 30 gwh+, empty 3.3. storage systems and pcs two-headings, basic United States robust, non-American market expansion poles.
3.3.1. Deep-farming storage, thick and thin-haired company deep-farming storage for many years, and product matrix layouts are comprehensive. Sun power started in 2006 in storage and development of pcs. Sun power was clearly committed to becoming a global leader in storage and system solutions in 2014.
Programme providers, which are now the world's leading providers of energy storage systems solutions, rely on global-led electronics, electrochemistry and grids to support the “triple power integration” technology, to build specialized storage systems, to provide home-based, business-based and ground-based applications of the panorama energy systems and to provide a comprehensive product layout.
Poweritan 2.0 configuration embedded pcs achieve ac poweritan storage, significantly increasing system energy density, standards
Inthe 20-foot container storage achieves 2.5mw/5mwh configuration capacity; and carries system-wide liquid cold radiation, intelligence
Capable of cluster management, stem cell power grid technology. Poweritan storage system with a capacity of 3.44 mwh.
Inthelevel managed with life expectancy, efficiency gains, loss of poweritan 1.0
Ground-based energy storage system Purpose of consumption; overall upgrading through combination innovation in electrical safety, core safety, grid safety multidimensionality
The security of the storage system. Powerstack 200cs, following the excellent tradition of the Sun's Power Three Combination, is in deep convergence.
Innovative use of the ai technology has been further enhanced on the power electronics, electrochemistry and grid support technology base on powerstack 200cs
And integration, using a "think tank" design that integrates ems, pcs, bms into one machine, system capacity to benefit from the bursting of demand for storage capacity, and companies to continue to grow their stocks. In 2022, they began to benefit from global household and large storage requirements.
In the event of an outbreak, the company's storage system continued to grow, and in 2023 it achieved $17.8 billion in revenue for its operations, which is an increase in figure 74: growth in its storage operations, figure 75: supply of the company's reserves over the years.
3.3.2. Higher recognition of the grid, excellent battery energy management, more understanding of the grid by the system integrators of technology plus brands that support high-growth companies, and innovative introduction of stem-cell grid technologies.
The advantage of a system integrator from a battery manufacturer is that the battery is less expensive and has a certain cost advantage, but the end of the battery is on the side of the stream, less contact with the grid, less understanding of the grid, and the integrator from the reverse is in contact with the grid on a long-term basis, more understanding of the grid can be given to the power grid and more support for the battery energy.
Based on an in-depth understanding of the grid, solar power innovation suggests stem-cell grid technologies, and as renewable energy penetration continues to increase, storage systems and grid-connection technologies move from the stage of adaptation to the stage of supporting the grid to a number of technology leaders, battery energy is better managed and can support higher growth in the future. Companies continue to scale up their research and development spending.
In addition to stem cell grid technology, the following are introduced: 1)2000v high-voltage light storage system: increases system voltage, achieves realizable costs, increases system efficiency and achieves downscaling efficiency. 2) At the same time, stem cell grid technology is used to launch network-type storage in the field of storage, which is more likely to set electrical parameters internally, and to produce stable voltage.
In addition to the frequency, the grid-based storage system can not only operate in and out of the grid, but also be more supportive of the grid. Because of its voltage power, the grid-based storage system can effectively improve the short circuit capacity of the new power system and the loss of swing inertia.
_ (hereinafter referred to as "cqc") The first global network technical standard certification. 3) Three power mixes, corporate battery energy management.
Coordination and collaboration, based on an understanding of the three-power mix, solar power sources are also revolutionary in the poweritan 2.0 revolutionary "one-to-one" design, integrating battery units with pcs, changing the traditional three-part storage structure, making storage systems more efficient, efficient, safe, intelligent, and companies more superior in battery energy management.
3.3.3. Strengthen the organization of the channels of globalization, brand excellence, strong leadership, and the prospect of a further increase in the number of cities. Corporate globalization is strong and leads the industry. Firms continue to strengthen the organization of globalization, with well-developed distributors and installers in Asia and the Pacific, Europe, the Americas, the Middle East, Africa and the number of distributors.
As of July 2024, the number of global distributors of solar power was 336, with dealers at the forefront of the industry, below Biadi, with the majority being more powerful in the domestic market, more dependent on distributors in the household market, more prominent than the majority in Europe, and more well organized by distributors.
Brand power is excellent, Bnef is second in the world in terms of financing. According to the bnef survey, in 2023, the energy source of sunlight ranked the second in the world in terms of the financingability of integrated firms, rising again from the third in 2022, after Fluence, which is higher than the producers of Biadi, Tesla, Ninder, etc.; and in storage, pcs.
Companies are also ranked second in the capital rating, and companies have a global brand power. Demand is strong, with technological advantages plus well-developed channels that drive companies to keep their stocks up, strong, and long-term market power is expected to rise further.
Data, companies ranked second in the 2023 global energy system integration list, after Tesla. Since 2024, there has been a steady increase in global demand for large reserves, particularly in the United States market, where Tesla stocks have continued to grow, with 24q2 deliveries reaching 9.4gwhh, more than doubling the ring ratio, creating a single-quarter record of storage; and solar power sources.
The same gains are also high, with 24q2 outings of about 6gwhh, double the ring ratio, and 25gwh+ expected to be delivered throughout the year, multiplied by the same number. In the long run, solar power sources of electricity from electronic sources are better able to understand and support the grid and are expected to gain access to more high-quality projects, and the city’s share is expected to increase further.
Figure 82: World System of Storage Energy Integrators in Woodmac, 2023
New growth poles, companies continue to deep-plough high-profit markets abroad, leading the country out of the sea. Overseas markets are more profitable than home, and from a Māori perspective: Europe and America > Emerging Markets > home, companies continued to deep-plough high-profit markets abroad, and sun power in 2023.
The U.S. is the leading supplier of the offshore market storage system and pcs. The U.S. is the company's basic business, with Central America accounting for about 40% of the stock in 2023, and the U.S. market threshold is high. The company is a small number of energy producers that entered the U.S. market. In 2023, the company outpaced the U.S. market.
Figure 85: Global export ranking of domestic firms ' global storage systems in 2023: Figure 86: Foreign market ranking of domestic firms ' pcs in 2023
Business is profitable. Large reserves are generally tendered, overseas markets are more open and transparent, prices are not the only consideration of the project, storage is systematic and safe, brand quality, product prices, building experience of past projects, good home-based post-sales services, etc., are a comprehensive consideration of project bids, especially in the European and American markets.
Price acceptance is high, with a greater focus on system efficiency, safety, and excellence. Compared to other large reserve partners, companies are home-grown pcs, have a deep understanding of the grid, have excellent product performance, and strong branding support companies have continued to receive high-quality orders. In July 2024, companies defeated Tesla, Huadang, Fluence, and were good at price warfare.
$N +/wh; Middle East project price of about $1/wh, Māori rate of up to 25%, industry leader of good-quality projects, 35% + Māori of sun power storage in 2023, and 40% Māori of 2024h1 storage, partly over 40% Māori of high-quality projects and much more profitable than their counterparts.
However, the company’s profitability is still expected to be strong, and the downward trend is expected to remain steady. Figure 88: Storage chain layouts of the energy suppliers, the arrival areas of each shipment, and the United States market for sunlight power. From the point of view of the region of the shipment, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, Tesla,
Fluence is a powerful local brand, with the United States outnumbering its own companies, with a small number of solar power sources leading the United States market, a 40 per cent share of Central America in 2023, a strong United States market brand in 2023, and a second-higher number in the United States market than in 2022; and a major one in China.
European households, mainly, are now increasing their industrial and commercial reserves and large reserves; the Biadi European market is well-placed and branded, ranking third among the European energy collectors in 2023; and the U.S. is a stable base plate, with a manageable share of risk reduction, a continuing large-scale winning project, and a larger non-American market opening.
By contributing to new growth poles, storage profits are expected to remain high. As sun power continues to grow in the US market, it also expands in Europe and the Middle East, as non-US market orders continue to rise, the US market is expected to fall to 20-30% compared to this year, the US market risks to companies will be reduced, and emerging large storage markets like Europe and the Middle East will become more viable.
Figure 89: Euro-American Reserve Integrator Pattern 2023 3.3.5. European stock digestion + emerging market start, with a return to growth in corporate stock + emerging market volume + household demand is expected to return to growth as European stocks are phased out + emerging market + start. Corporate stocks continue to grow.
Deep-ploughing high-end markets such as Germany, with its own stock in good condition, came out about 1 gwh in 2023, and as global demand for household deposits recovers, firm stocks are expected to grow steadily. One gwh+ is expected to be deposited by households in 2024.
Over 40gw of photovoltaic and wind power plants have been developed globally. In recent years, Sunshine New Energy has served as a platform for investment in new energy projects under the corporate umbrella, adhering to the concept of “more energy-friendly” development, deep-ploughing homes, businesses, photovoltaics, storage power stations, centralized photovoltaics, and wind power station development, and exploring innovative greens that are complementary and industrially synergistic.
By the end of 2023, the global cumulative development and construction of photovoltaic and wind power generation is shown in figure 94: Company power plant-related developments.
In 2023, the company ' s new energy investment business achieved business income of $24.7 billion, an increase of 102 per cent over the same year, and its second largest business, mainly as a result of the accelerated transformation of the company into distributed household operations, an annual increase of 200 per cent in the volume of domestic photovoltaic development machines, and an increase of 4.6 pct over the same period as the price of upstream raw materials was reduced by 16.36 per cent.
As the price of the components returns to normal levels and the economy of the ground projects recovers, there will be a further increase in the number of installed units for each project. (1) Large photovoltaic power stations: large-scale domestic, docked national projects, the construction of the largest grid side storage power station, the 240mw Salt Light Complementation Project in Tung Lai County, the 115mw Agrolight Complementarity Project in Guangxi Binyang, etc.; overseas, acquired
(ii) Business and industry photovoltaic stations: launch and fully implement the “Galactic 2188” plan, make full use of the two-wheel-drive advantage of the “Technology Plus Platform” and further incubate multi-power products, smart software, etc. at the bottom of the technology.
In 2023, the company acquired the VIAN256mw Zero Carbon Park project and began work on it.
(3) Household photovoltaic power stations: The number of new installed machines has increased by over 200% over the year 2023, and branding, product innovation, and service upgrading have continued to increase.
As the country's first new energy enterprise in the field of hydrogen energy, solar hydrogen has a pwm hydrogen power source, alk and pem cells, gas fluid separation.
The development and delivery capacity of integrated systems such as pure equipment, smart hydrogen energy management systems, and the development of off-grid, grid-connected, micronet multi-model hydrogen system solutions. The number of winners and signatories of the 23-year solar hydrogen domestic project is second in the country, with the construction of a second phase of automation and smart manufacturing plants, which were upgraded to 3gw in 2024.
It's important for the future development of large-scale hydrogens. Sun-hydrogen is the first in the country to come up with a soft hydrogen concept, a flexible hydrogen system solution, and six core technologies based on flexible grids, electrical electrons, energy management, with a focus on pwm hydrogen power, electrolytic hydrogen equipment, intelligent hydrogen management systems.
Core equipment, with flexible, efficient, and friendly renewable energy flexible hydrogen systems. The system can be fully adapted to the fast-paced and intermittent properties of new energy power, achieves a “nurse-to-power” and is more friendly to the grid, operating steadily at 30% of power. Sun-hydrogen flexible hydrogen systems have been used in a number of large demonstration projects in the country.
Excellent performance, such as “cluster control”, is highly appreciated by users. Figure 97: Windlight exchange coupling combined with network hydrogen, Sunshine continues to lead to a change in charge technology, and 180kw clustering in 23 years begins to be delivered in bulk. Sunshine fills with Toyoyang.
Over 20 years of experience in the design and application of high-power outdoor power generation products, the construction of electric car chargers, followed by a series of direct-flow posts and exchanges. The industry’s first “integrated direct-flow posts” were designed in an innovative and integrated way that now provides high protection, high reliability, no maintenance, long-term life, leading to technological changes in the recharge industry.
The urban road charging project, Shenzhen High Speed Service, etc., has been well received by operators and car owners alike. Twenty-three years of sun and 30-kw chargers in Europe have achieved bulk delivery and continued to lead the process of power charging technology change. At the same time, sunshine is a 180-kw aggregate of global first-time and bulk delivery.
Current ecological docking, which provides a light-loaded integrated solution for recharge stations. Figure 99: Selected company-charged products. Main business projections: taking into account the company's core advantages of “brand + R & D + channels”, corporate photovoltaic inverters and storage
With the system leading the world, we expect total corporate income in 2024-2026 to be Will, German shares, and Sunshine power lines, respectively, close to the company’s market position, so we select the four companies as comparable companies. We give each higher power, considering the company’s business structure and market position.
As shown in the figure below, the dynamics of comparable companies in 2025, based on the company’s brand + channel advantage in overseas markets, maintain high profitability, and we give the company 18xpe in 2025) increased competition. There are more competitors in the reverses, storage and energy industries, and there is a strong expansion of production, if competition increases further.
It will have an impact on the profitability of companies. 2) The risks of changes in international trade and industrial policies. Global light reserves are more policy-driven, and end demand may be affected if countries fall back on subsidy policies, thus affecting corporate performance.
3. Globalization has not expanded as expected. Companies’ markets other than those in Europe are still in the early stages of expansion, subject to geographical, political, economic, and other influences, with uncertainty about the growth of sales, thus affecting their performance.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.