In the midst of adversity, there is a question of growing up - the Plumbing Scene Bottom Line (v) Reserve Energy Business has become a core conflict affecting pes and pe.
Just about 14 times and at a historically low level, we believe that the nuclear factors that affect companype are: 1) the market is divided about high-profit continuity of storage capacity; 2) the uncertainty about the impact of US policy on unattainable performance (mainly storage capacity). So we'll look at it in quantitative terms.
A rigorous quantitative analysis of the future growth and competition patterns of the company’s energy storage system.
Sunshine Power's q1 performance exceeded expectations of more overseas storage and interest rates contributed less than 4 pct, and the excess profit was mainly derived from storage system integration and retention.
In the medium and long term, we believe that the company's overseas reserves can be used to measure the company's storage capacity at an average cost of about 64%-69% of Tesla's product.
The impact has been gradually reduced, and future Tesla storage systems are expected to be reduced or gradually reduced. Assuming that the company’s overseas storage can sell 60-70% of the price of the metapack, how can the overseas storage operations be highly profitable?
As the build-up of grid storage becomes more demanding for connection technology, firms with complete system delivery will have a more differentiated advantage, and “soft power” such as flow-side integration capacity and financing are expected to translate into excess profits for businesses.
Volume: Large-scale overseas storage plans are rising, and the share of non-United States regions is rising significantly. In recent years, the growth of new energy installations has led to increased grid volatility, prompting a growing number of countries abroad to plan faster than ever before, and we expect global storage systems to be 180gwh in 2024.
Other markets are 80/40/25/35gwh. Moreover, according to our incomplete statistics, Italy/Europe accounted for 49 per cent/22/19 per cent, and the non-United States region for a significant increase. Risks of large fluctuations in traditional energy prices; increased friction in international trade; and risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
Scanning for more services 1. Sun power: Storage energy operations have become a core conflict affecting ps and pe. Historically, p-ttms of solar power have been 15 to 20 times higher, benefiting from photovoltaic parities since 2020.
In the second half of 2023, as the price of lithium carbonate fell, the profitability of the company ' s storage capacity continued to be higher than expected, driven but influenced by factors such as the weakness of the overall base of the PV plate and the high stock of inverters, the company ' s valuation fell significantly in 2023, and the p-ttm hub is now only about 14 times lower than that of other comparable companies.
We believe that the factors that affect companypes in the current market are: 1) the market ' s differences over the high profitability of storage system operations and the future growth in corporate performance: 2) US trade/energy policies on companies ' future performance (primarily storage capacity), given that storage energy business has become the most central contradiction affecting companies, p and p, and this report will be detailed in terms of economy.
A rigorous quantitative analysis of the future growth and pattern of competition of the company’s storage system’s operations. 2.1 Exchange rates, fluctuations in freight costs, impact less than 4 pct on the reverse transformer/storage Māori ratio, considering that the company’s output is dominated by the Euro-American market and that raw materials are procured and produced mainly domestically, so the exchange rate vis-à-vis the company’s gross.
The impact of interest rates is mainly on income. Because overseas orders are generally long, inverters are more than three months old, and storage capacity is more than six months old, exchange rate increases and falls between the conclusion of the order and confirmation of delivery will affect the actual delivery of unit prices of the order, and hence the company’s Māori rate for the relevant product.
Between January 2023 and December 2023, the largest increases between the euro and the United States dollar were 46 per cent overseas, and, in conjunction with the distribution of global installed aircraft, we reasonably assumed that Europe and the United States accounted for 20 per cent of the company ' s reversible revenues in 2023, Europe and the United States accounted for 20 per cent and 40 per cent of the storage system ' s revenues, respectively.
The contribution of storage revenue to the Māori rate was about 2.7 per cent and 3.8 per cent, respectively, and 1.8 pct and 2.8 pct respectively. According to the breakdown of sales costs disclosed by the company 2018-2020h1, the share of transportation fees in the total income of the company ' s inverters and storage capacity is 1.7 per cent, 2.2 per cent, 2.1 per cent, and if the effects of the domestic market are excluded, the share of transportation costs in overseas income is higher.
In the semi-annual period, the cost of shipping continued to rise. According to the Shanghai Shipping Exchange ' s Consolidated Index of Prices of Chinese Export Containers (ccfi), the average value of ccfi for the period 2018-2020h1 was 819.33, 824.20, 883.72, respectively, for the period up to 2021-2022.
We reasonably assume that there is a similar trend in the ratio of company transportation fees to revenue, i.e. the contribution of freight charges to corporate reverses and storage operations in 2023 was around 2 pct. In 2024, affected by international events such as the Red Sea crisis, ccfi re-established 2000 and assumed high maritime prices in the second half of the year.
This year, the impact of freight costs on corporate reverses and storage operations is estimated to be around 1.opct, based on our earlier methodology. For large overseas storage projects, from contracting and locking in prices to final delivery and recognition of income, the process is usually one.
In the case of the Asia-Pacific region, transport and delivery generally take about 10 days; in the case of the Middle East and North America, the cycle usually takes about one month: in the case of Western Europe and South America, it may take more than one.
Given the company’s relatively high share of business in the European and American markets, we can reasonably assume that the transport and delivery cycle is about 1.5 months. Moreover, given the stock cycle of raw materials and finished products, it usually takes about a month.
The lead time period for procuring raw materials is around three to six months. If the price of raw materials fluctuates significantly during the billing-purchase period, the excess profit/loss that will result will be largely borne by the system integrator, which is also the main reason for the significant volatility in the Māori ratio of the company’s storage system in 2021-2023.
In order to remove the impact of raw material prices on the profits of the storage system, we have recalculated the reduction in the price of the core at the same time, when the signature - confirmed for seven to eight months - was received.
According to the preceding analysis, for orders for storage systems that were confirmed for 2023h2 and 2024h1, the time frame for the purchase of the core was essentially 7 months for the signing of the signature, and the price of the core at the time of the purchase was approximately 0.20 and 0.11/wh: when the purchase was signed for 5 months (i.e. for 8 months for the signing of the purchase order), the price of the core was approximately more efficient than at the time of the signing.
The purchase cost of system-ordered cores is approximately $0.07/wh more than at the time of signing. 2023h1 and 2023h2 storage system units are estimated to be Māori 0.54, 0.72/wh, respectively, if
The contribution of “future profits” is declining steadily.
The company’s storage system products are mainly export-oriented, with Tesla as the main competitor. In 2023, the company’s storage system exported 10.5gwh, about 71% to overseas areas, with North American markets accounting for more than half.
From the main distribution area of Tesla’s megapack products, companies will also face direct competition with Tesla in markets outside North America, such as Europe, Australia, and others. Unlike the Chinese market, the Euro-American market has a more stable pattern, and market concentration has increased in the last two years.
The market share of Japan ' s electricity, Tesla and Biadei, the top three storage systems in the continental region, increased from 54% in 2022 to 68% in 2023; the share of Tesla, Sun and Fluence, the top three systems in the North American region, increased from 60% in 2022 to 72%. In particular, Tesla, as its new capacity continues to be released, has taken up market positions in the Euro-American market.
The company’s overseas storage system sells about 60 to 70% of Tesla’s average price. On the basis of the income and volume data disclosed by the Tesla Lee newspaper, we estimate that more than 95% of the revenue from its energy business comes from the storage business, so we've analysed it approximately to equate its energy business with its Māori ratio.
14.7 gwh, sales averaged approximately US$ 0.41/wh, equivalent to RMB 2.87-3.07/wh. The average overseas price of the Sun Power Storage System for the same period was approximately US$1.97/wh, about 64-69% of Tesla's average price. In our judgement, the difference in prices between the two companies leading the global reserve market can be attributed mainly to two factors: overseas goods.
As the price of lithium carbonate dropped significantly, the price of the core decreased in cost to the storage system.
The price of the future Tesla storage system has been reduced or gradually reduced. Assuming that the cost of the Sun power overseas storage system is 60-70% of the price of the megapack, the Māori ratio for the US market storage business is 0.36-0.52/wh, and the Māori rate is 31.9-40.1%, respectively, which we believe could be used as the company ' s overseas storage capacity, given the lower tariffs in the non-United States region.
Qualitative reference to medium- and long-term profitability.3 Why do overseas storage systems integration operations enjoy high profitability? 3.1 Integration, assembly and construction are much more difficult than manufacturing
Storage systems are not simple assembly, they play a vital role in the construction and operation of power stations. The storage systems are integrated into a complex system that combines battery units, battery management systems (bms), storage energy transformers (pcs), energy management systems (ems) and other accessories. They need to not only ensure compatibility and teamwork of all components.
As battery storage systems often contain products from multiple suppliers, to ensure consistency in the work of the system, the integrator is required to perform multiple components of design, installation, commissioning, etc., unlike the general perception, the integration, assembly and construction phases are more difficult than manufacture in terms of failure analysis results.
The failure analysis of a storage energy project found that bos and control systems were the most common cause of malfunctions and that the battery unit itself had relatively few failures: more faults occurred in the integration, assembly and construction phases at the same time, followed by the operations, while the manufacturing problem led to the lowest number of malfunctions, reflecting the importance of “soft power” such as the IPC side integration capacity and field-testing experience.
The participants in the current system integration market can be divided into three broad categories: 1) storage power, represented by Tesla, sunlight, etc., system integrators, pcs self-researching strong, which can provide a set of communication side solutions: 2) power cores, represented by the Ningde era, mainly the oem model, which can provide a direct flow side battery cabinet, with customers needing a separate exchange system such as pcs; 3) Art
S. Fluence represents an enterprise that has systems integration capacity that can provide communication-side solutions, but pcs are predominantly dependent on extraction (especially overseas markets). Based on the foregoing analysis, we believe that enterprises with integration and complete system delivery capabilities will be more competitive, sharing side integration capabilities and on-site calibration than the oem model of most core enterprises.
“Soft power” such as experience is expected to translate into excess profits for businesses. 3.2 Web-based storage capacity for pcs and grid-connection technology is important to maintain grid stability.
Il, electrical and electronic equipment, such as inverters, gradually replaces the dominance of traditional synchronisers in power systems. Traditional and grid inverters generally follow the output principle with maximum power, primarily to inject new energy sources into the grid, but are not responsive to system voltage, frequency changes and cannot provide the necessary inertia in the absence of the grid, resulting in the loss of the necessary support.
In this context, industry has proposed the concept of grid-based inverters, essentially through a unique control strategy that independently generates and maintains grid voltage and frequency, which can help to stabilize the grid in the form of grid malfunctions or silos.
A battery storage system with network-based inverter functions is called a network-based storage system. The network-based storage capacity is still in its early stages, and the system integrator with core technology is expected to be competitively differentiated.
There is a wealth of experience and technology accumulated in strategy, top-up design, and hardware circuit design. On a global scale, network technology is still in the cutting edge of technology and is currently being studied and applied more extensively in countries and regions such as the United States, Australia, the United Kingdom, the European Union, etc., and the establishment of relatively comprehensive technical standards and norms, while other regions are still in the early stages of development.
As a result, the main players in the current network-based storage market are the leading electricity electronics enterprises in Europe and the US and China, most of the more mature projects in the country are from Nanxi, Sun, Hua, etc. Overseas companies with network technology are mainly German sma, Tesla, etc.
A deep understanding of the technologies of connectivity will be the key to a differentiated competitiveness among system integrators from electrical electronics enterprises. 3.3 Need to build up the performance of mature overseas projects, endorse the ability to finance the high degree of marketization of overseas electricity and wide recognition of storage capacity projects.
About 50% of global electricity consumption comes from marketed power systems, with more diverse demand for storage projects, and business models. Different countries and regions have different technical standards and regulatory requirements, with higher levels of experience and technology for system integrators, making it easier to gain client trust with integrated firms with mature overseas project performance.
Investment in overseas storage projects is large and requires endorsement of fundable capacity. Reserves are capital-intensive industries that now require hundreds of billions to billions of dollars in advance of projects at the level of hundreds of megawatts to Giva hours, and guarantee post-sale maintenance for more than a decade or so, requiring very high levels of financial and business continuity on the part of suppliers.
Pre-ranked firms tend to represent their wider recognition in financial institutions and their relatively stronger ability to obtain orders. According to the Bnef 2023 creditability rating list for storage suppliers, companies are second in the industry in both the pcs and the storage energy systems, with a slight difference of only Sma and Fluence, with far greater foreign influence.
Far ahead of other domestic firms. Chart 26: 2023 Pcs Financing Ratings
4. Volume: Large overseas storage plans are rising, and the share of non-United States-based companies has increased significantly. After the rapid growth of global renewable energy over the past few years, countries have been demanding more reliable and flexible power systems than ever before, as large storage systems can provide grid-level regulation services, such as frequency regulation, peak load management, emergency performance.
Rate support, etc., is much more favoured by electricity companies, where formerly strong household markets such as Europe, Australia, after 2023, shifted the planning focus to large storage capacity, and we expect the world ' s major reservoirs to reach 150 gwh in 2024, close to doubling the rate of increase, with household reservoirs 16 gwh, and business 14 gwh.
In the sub-markets, the Central American and European large reserve markets continue to be high, and emerging large reserves such as Australia, India, Japan and Central and East Africa will show an “0-1” outbreak of growth, with a projected global storage capacity of 180gwh in 2024, China/US/Europe/other, respectively 4.1 China: reduced capacity utilization and distribution ratios are expected to increase continuously in the new situation.
According to cesa, in June, the new domestic storage capacity was about 5.2gw/11.4gwh, compared to 71 per cent/+87 per cent, ring ratio +160/+168 per cent; in January-June, the new storage capacity accumulated 12.9gw/31.2gwh, compared to 71 per cent/+99 per cent, of which lithium battery storage capacity
Figure 30: The size of the new storage capacity in the country (gwh) has increased steadily as new forms of energy consumption in the country have increased. According to the National Energy Agency, the equivalent use of the new storage capacity in the NSN region amounted to 390 hours in the first half of the year, and the equivalent was charged about 93 times, compared to 1h23 minutes.
Don't increase by about 100% or 86%. New storage equivalents in the South Net region amount to 560 hours, close to 2023. As the proportion of new energy installed in the country's electricity supply continues to rise, the form of disinfection is increasing, and the gradual liberalization of the red line in the new power plants is a major move, as well as the need to find the most economical solutions to the reliability and economy of a high proportion of renewable energy power systems.
On the other hand, the trend towards the involvement of photovoltaic power stations in spot markets is clear, and we expect that the frequency and income of domestic storage power stations involved in peak valley arbitrage and other potential movement modes of operation will continue to improve, with a view to improving the rate of return on the power plant items actually in operation, leading to a gradual reversal of the current large domestic bidding market due to the low utilization of the project and the owner-to-products.
As large domestic reserves continue to increase, we believe that large storage enterprises with both technical and cost advantages are expected to benefit fully and gradually release incremental profit elasticities. The share of co-optimal storage increases further.
In the case of Hebei Province, which has a high rate of power outages, in 2022 the wind and light construction programme required guaranteed projects to be stored according to project capacity in provinces such as Inner Mongolia, Tibet, despite the fact that there has been no change in the distribution policy for the past year, the existing stock requirements are significantly higher than the national average in comparison with other provinces.
In addition, as a result of improvements in the cost of components, storage systems, there has been a significant increase in the space available for the storage of projects, with a marked increase in the share of selected projects in selected provinces. For example, in 2023, for example, the share of wind projects in the final new energy list was 25.5%. In addition to the share of Henan, Shandong, and preferred projects, there has also been a marked increase in the share of stocks compared to the previous period.
4.2 U.S.: There has been a steady increase in storage capacity, with an increase in independent storage capacity in reserve projects. According to the U.S. Energy Agency, in June 2024, the U.S. utility-size photovoltaic achieved 2.15gw additional loader, compared to 33.0 per cent, ring to 9.5 per cent, utility-sized storage to achieve additional loader capacity of 1.23gw/4.05gwh, compared to 36.8 per cent/+39.0 per cent, ring tol
U.S. utility-scale photovoltaics in July-December increased by 88.4% over the same period; U.S. utility-scale power storage plans in July-December increased by 10.8gw over the same period by 122.4%; U.S. utility-scale photovoltaics and storages increased in the first half of the year to validate the high demand in the U.S. market.
40gwh, an increase of 54% in the same year, with reference to the 22.1% (eia, gwh) of utility large storage units in the first half of last year and the expected continued release of large storage requirements in the second half of the year, with a target of 40gwh ready to be achieved throughout the year.
Figure 34: The U.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.
Reserves can be of the greatest value in supporting the grid. With the enactment of the 2022 Ra Act, ISPs could also benefit from an intc credit policy that had previously been limited to renewable energy projects, further stimulating the rise in the ratio of ISPs to 49.1% in the U.S. application-in-network projects by the end of 2023.
4.3 Emerging markets: Global green transformation accelerated deployment of storage capacity, ongoing project-scale growth accelerated global green transformation, renewable energy installation increased demand for large reserves. According to the International Energy Agency, 507gw of new global renewable energy installed in 2023, a 50 per cent increase over the same period, with projected global renewable energy installed over the next five years
Capacity is about 96% from volatile energy sources, such as windlight. With renewable energy rising as a proportion of electricity generation, the grid needs more flexible resources to address the challenges of balance of supply and demand, especially in emerging market countries that have fallen off the grid, and more and more countries are supporting the development of storage technologies through policy incentives.
Figure 37: Renewable energy sources in the Latin American region, mainly from wind and light machines (gw) Figure 38: Renewable energy sources in sub-Saharan Africa, mainly from wind and light
Large-scale storage project planning and bidding in emerging markets are highly innovative. 1) Europe: In 2023, the EU identified the important role of storage through electricity market reforms, investments in power-side storage began to accelerate, and a number of countries, such as Italy, Poland and Belgium, launched a capacity market tender procurement scheme, which is expected to reach 15 gwh in 2024; 2) Australia
Asia: By the end of 2023, there were 27 large-scale battery energy projects under construction in Australia, with a total capacity of approximately 5gw/11gwh, a significant increase from 1.4gw/2gwh in 2022; 3) Chile: as of July 2024, in storage capacity, project 0.4gw, construction in progress, project 1.3gw, approved project 2.9gw, with photovoltaic storage of about 97 per cent of construction projects:
4) India: As of 1q24 Battery Repository Cumulative Loader 0.3gwh, according to the Indian Central Power Authority ' s projections, the demand for battery storage capacity is expected to be 8.68gw/34.72gwh in 2026-2027; 5) Japan: low-carbon energy capacity market in 2024.
4.4 Companies: Larger overseas stock orders are the largest, with a significant increase in the share of non-United States areas, and we have sorted out the large overseas stock orders published by the domestic energy system integrator in 2023-2024, with companies cumulatively ordering 85% of the annual target. The larger regions of the order are the Middle East, Australia, and Europe, respectively.
49%, 22%, 19%, and other regions are mainly North America and Latin America. As the demand for large reserves in emerging markets abroad has been released, the share of companies in United States exports has declined significantly, further increasing the company’s combined competitiveness and resilience to risk.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals Photovoltaic inverters, etc.: Given the firm position of the global inverter market, the projected increase in the inverter output over the next three years will be close to the increase in global light storage demand, assuming a combined increase of 15 per cent and 50 per cent, respectively, in photovoltaic and large storage demand over the next three years
21%, 18%. As the cost of raw materials such as igbt continues to decline, we expect that the reverse unit price will also remain at a certain level: according to our projections, the global reserve industry will continue to grow at a compound rate of more than 50% over the next three years, with a marked increase in overseas reserves in recent years, and it is expected that the company’s share of high-profit markets abroad will remain high.
But as the unit price falls, the unit is expected to be profitable or shrinking, according to our earlier history of the long-term profitable central power system, the power station system integration: the company power station system is predominantly generated from the domestic market and is subject to a decline in the unit price of the photovoltaic system.
DG, the average perpene for 2024-2026 is 30, 22, 17 times higher than the average perpene for 2024-2026, 11, 9 and 8 times higher than the company. Considering the large variations in the speed of the company’s operations, we value the company’s segment.
Figure 45: Company storage system forecast of output (gwh) Other business: combined profit of $9.90 billion from other business such as the integrator and power station system integration operations, increased reference industry
Ten times the speed, corresponding to a market value of $90.9 billion. The risk of large (downward) volatility in traditional energy prices: the sharp rise in traditional energy prices in recent years, caused by such factors as the claims of global countries to double carbon targets and geopolitical instability, is a major driver of higher than expected growth in new energy demand, if traditional.
Source prices and corresponding electricity prices will tend to fall in the future, which will marginalise the relative economy of light storage systems, and may have a negative impact on portfolio investment sentiment. International trade friction has intensified: corporate revenues are largely overseas, if major overseas distribution areas introduce trade barriers or local protection.
Policies may make it difficult for companies’ products to continue to sell locally, affecting their performance. The risk of exchange-rate fluctuations is that the company’s overseas earnings are higher, and that storage orders are recognized for a longer period, if the future RMB exchange rate fluctuates significantly, or affects the performance of the company.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market