Business performance continued to grow, Chbn became fully active. 2004 2023 Event: 20 April 2023, the company issued a single quarterly report for the year 2023.
The ratio of operating income was 38.1 per cent; the net return to the mother was $28.1 billion, an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same period; and the business performance continued to grow and the company was well on its way, according to the company announcement, in the first quarter of 2023, the growth of the company continued to progress steadily and deepen its creation.
The first-class “Fortune of Power” development strategy is being implemented to accelerate the “two transformations”, the “two new ones” and the “five dividends” initiative, with sustained growth in key business performance indicators.
Figure 2: Growing corporate profitability
Māori rates and net interest rates as a whole show a steady trend.
In terms of profitability, corporate Māori rates and net interest rates generally showed a steady trend in the first quarter of 2023, with Māori rates expected to remain stable and increase profitability.
According to the corporate finance report, in the first quarter of 2023, the company firmly pursued the “two” transformation, the “two new” dynamic, the “two new” deep-seated and integrated development of Chbn, with four major markets performing well: c-personal markets: further optimization of customer structure and steady improvement in the value of moving arpu.
By the first quarter of 2023, a total of 983 million mobile clients were reported, 5g of which were 689 million, and 5g had 363 million; traffic operations were growing steadily, and mobile phones were streaming online.
This represents an increase of 15.4 per cent over the same period, with mobile phones reaching 14.7gb on the Internet; a total of 714.9 million minutes, or 0.9 per cent over the same period; and a mobile arpu of 47.9 yuan, or 0.8 per cent over the same period, h-household market: a megagram of broadband development, with a steady increase in the overall number of family clients.
The Division continues to tap into the value space of the "Big-by-Cloud Life" to boost the development of the gigabyte broadband and expand its reach to mature wise people. As of the first quarter of 2023, the total number of company-based broadband clients reached 281 million, a net increase of 8.72 million per quarter, of which 251 million were family broadband clients, a net increase of 7 million per quarter; and in the first quarter, the number of cable broadband arpu was
31.4 yuan, a 3.1 per cent decline in the same year, and a 3.5 per cent increase in the same year for the combined family client arpu.b - The political and business market: to maintain a relatively strong growth in energy growth and sustained large mobile cloud sizes. According to corporate financial statements, the company as a whole has promoted the expansion of “nets and clouds” to promote the growth of the basic business of the government and the replication of mature industry applications.
In the first quarter, corporate income from projects reached $29.4 billion, an increase of 23.9 per cent over the previous quarter.
Under the socialist valuation system of China's identity, companies are expected to re-evaluate: they act as a state-owned digital economy, actively project innovative operations such as cloud computing, idc, the industrial Internet, and with the further development of the computing network, they will pull the bottom.
(b) 5g users continue to grow, further increasing the number of high-value users in the 5g era.
The increase in the number of users of 5g has helped to boost the recovery of average users, and the corporate income structure is expected to increase further.
Cirque, building hard-core competitiveness. 1) The company's traditional business base is strong, the user base is strong, the number of users is a global leader and the network is well-developed, the number of base stations is numerous, the cumulative number of mobile users and the number of fixed network users in companies is always in the lead of the operator, and the traditional business is stable
Development, in addition to the fact that the company's traditional business provides a strong user base and a base-station hardware base for innovative business; 2) Firms are committed to opening up new communications with a strong incentive for innovation, with all four lines of operation in Chbn:c - with regard to the personal market, companies focus on marketing the new 5g package, increasing satisfaction through matching interests
Capacity of users to diversify their needs;h — in the household market, companies accelerate the expansion of family security, smart group networks, speech remotes, phantoms and other applications, and continuously innovate family value-added services;b — in the political market, companies build on strong ict capabilities, combining cloud technology, to innovate new products and solutions for various industries;n — emerging cities
On the ground, companies are actively preparing for the deployment of overseas markets to generate revenue through innovative international operations, equity investments, digital content, and financial science and technology. Traditional business underpins new business, new business counter-breeding traditional business, traditional advantages are mutually reinforcing, and new business is benign.
The circular gears continue to function, and the company can grow in time. The digital transition path has worked well, moving clouds into the first camp \triangleright
The digital transition income “second curve” has been rising, with strong growth power and rising income from the main business. According to China's mobile finance report, in 2022, China's mobile digital transition income reached $20.76 billion, an increase of 30.3 per cent over the same period.
25.6%, an increase of 4.4 percentage points over 2021, is the first driver of China’s growth in mobile income. The scale of mobile cloud revenues has crossed into the first camp.
Mobile cloud revenues reached RMB 50.3 billion, an increase of 108.1% over the same period, and combined power moved into the first bloc of the domestic industry. We expect further improvements in the ability to generate revenue from digital operations as the company’s digital transformation accelerates, and the company’s revenue-earning capacity and profit rules expand.
Increased competition in the \triangleright industry; construction of 5g less than expected; demand for cloud computing less than expected; employment in Sino-Chinese securities, hiring securities, joining the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021; deep coverage of the smart manufacturing & cloud computing idc industry
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications industry, covering areas such as networking of goods, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, and 5g applications.
Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Doctor of Physics, Beijing University, Condensed Physics. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2021, carrying out research in the communications industry, covering, inter alia, new sources of cable & telecommunications, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.