China ' s move (600941.sh)
The company released its first quarter report in 2023, in which it realized its main business income of 25.7 billion yuan, an increase of 10.3 per cent over the same period, attributable to the parent company’s net profit of 28.1 billion yuan, an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same period. The company’s performance in the first quarter was in line with expectations, with a “buy-in” rating.
Corporate mobility and household arpu growth is robust, and the growth of the political market is high: as of 23q1, the total number of mobile customers in companies was about 983 million, of which 5g package customers reached 689 million, and 5g network customers.
The income from 23q1 company ' s dict operations was RMB 29.4 billion, an increase of 23.9 per cent over the same period, driving companies ' overall cost stability, declining depreciation amortization at the end of capital expenditure, and a digital transition The momentum continues to increase: the Māori rate of companies decreased by 0.09 percentage points in the first quarter of the year;
The division’s cost-end depreciation amortization pressure has been further reduced, and future profitability is expected to continue to grow. At the same time, the arithmetic investment in capital spending has increased by 34.9% to $45.2 billion, or 24.7%, compared to the numeric side of capital spending, which provides a solid basis for the company’s digital transformation.
Increased investment in research and development is being made to promote the new generation of communication technologies, such as 5g and 6g, and to accelerate the development of the ai industry: in the past few years, China ' s capacity for mobile innovation has been greatly enhanced by building a number of national-level vehicles, such as national engineering research centres and national open innovation platforms for artificial intelligence.
The new generation of communication technologies, such as 5g and 6g, has been continuously spearheaded by the country’s major science and technology portfolio.
In the last few years, China's ability to move in innovation has been greatly enhanced by building a number of national-level vehicles, such as the National Engineering Research Centre, the National Artificial Intelligence, the Open Innovation Platform, and so forth.
We believe that mobile, as a domestic leader, is expected to be operational.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not ... personal clients. The report could not be copied or reissued, or all or part of the printed report could be printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information was not independently verified.