On 20 April, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2023, which achieved operating income during the reporting period.
Market value (RMB): RMB 79.9 billion ebitda, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period, meets expectations.
Revenue growth in double digits has been maintained, and business indicators are robust. Companies grew 10.3% over the reporting period, with revenues from the main business growing by 20,98 billion yuan, or 8.3% over the same period.
The personal market has risen steadily, with a total of 983 million mobile customers, of whom 5g clients have risen to 70%, and a small amount of arpu, which drives the movement, has risen to $47.9 yuan.
The net profit of the parent has remained almost double-digit, with a healthy net profit rate of 11.2%. Billion dollars, mainly from fair change in the value of traded financial assets.
It is expected that by the end of the year, full coverage will be achieved, reaching 467,000 external idc. Government and business infrastructure upgrades, and scale replication of mature industry applications.
During this period, the income from the dict operation reached RMB 29.4 billion, an increase of 23.9% over the same period, and the sword for 23 years was a trillion-dollar harvest, with growth and transformation expected to open up future market space. By building the ability to build “cloud plus data”, companies are accelerating the realization of the business model from the “pipe plus stream”
In the digital economy and in the ai+ era, it is good to see that the company, as the base of the computing network, transforms from a demographic dividend to an information dividend, with revenues expected to break 100 billion in 23 years. With the company’s fundamentals improving, investment is strong.
Downwards, operating profits are growing robustly, market space is expected to move up gradually. 5g operations have not yet developed a clear business model and organizational and incentive mechanisms are unable to adapt to business shifts