China ' s move (600941.sh)
In the third quarter alone, 2023q3 companies achieved 24.4.9 billion yuan a year-on-year growth of 8.1 per cent, including 212.4 billion yuan a year-on-year gains in the main business, 29.3 billion yuan a year-on-year gains in the mother's net profit, 3.8 per cent an increase in the performance of individuals and families.
In the area of personal operations, the 5g package had 750 million clients, representing an increase of 34.65 per cent in the same year, resulting in an increase of 1 per cent to $51.2 per cent in the value of the armo; in the area of the household market, the number of medium-sized family broadband clients had reached 262 million, a net increase of 17.86 million in the previous three quarters, and an increase of 2.4 per cent to $42.1 per cent in the same period in the case of household arpu; and in the case of the Government and Enterprise.
Field growth was faster, with the related operating income of RMB 86.6 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 26.4 per cent over the previous three quarters.
We believe that at the end of the construction of the 5g base station, the associated cost-end pressures have continued to decrease. In addition, the company’s sales and management costs rates have been 5.02% and phased out, respectively, and the cumulative efficiency gains have continued to increase, with the company’s profitability expected to increase further in the future.
Increased investment in research and development is being made to promote the new generation of communication technologies, such as 5g and 6g, and to accelerate the development of the ai industry: in the past few years, China ' s capacity for mobile innovation has been greatly enhanced by building a number of national-level vehicles, such as national engineering research centres and national open innovation platforms for artificial intelligence.
Taking on the country’s major scientific and technological priorities and continuing to lead the new generation of communication technologies, such as 5g and 6g. The creation of a network of arithmetic technologies has moved from conceptual prototypes to industrial practices, with over 150 billion annual transfers of intelligence, increased original innovation capabilities, and an orderly release of innovation values.
There has been a significant increase in innovation capacity, with the construction of the National Engineering Research Centre, the share of national AI institutional investors in the circulation of shares, the opening of innovation platforms, and others at the national level.
We believe that mobile, as a domestic leader, is expected to be operational.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not ... personal clients. The report could not be copied or reissued, or all or part of the printed report could be printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information was not independently verified.