High growth of life information and support operations, promotion of assistive brands Méri Medical (300,760) 2020 and a review of the first quarterly 2021 30 April 2021
(a) Events: the company published its 2020 report, and in 2020 it achieved a gross operating income of $21,026 million, an increase of the same year. Wei Hongmei Bou's 2021 quarterly report, and the company's 2021 q1 gross operating income of $5,781 million, an increase of 21.93 per cent;
By quarter, q1-q4 revenues were earned separately in 2020. Growth was sharper on April 29, 2021, and the slowdown in q4 revenues was largely influenced by the appreciation of the renminbi exchange rate.
The new coronary epidemic has led to a significant increase in domestic and international market demand for tutors, respirators, and injection pumps, thus boosting the overall growth in life information and support operations.
In addition, in vitro diagnostic and medical imaging products generated revenues of $6.646 billion and $4.196 billion, respectively, a decline in the maximum price in December, and a higher share of conventional reagents and desktops in both the in vitro diagnostic and medical imaging operations
While the sale of ultrasound has had a negative impact, the company’s new coronary, the gg/igm, anti-medical tester, portable ultrasound, and mobile dr, has been growing at a high rate with the epidemic’s catalyst. Corporate profitability continues to increase, and brand power is expected to boost penetration.
Corporate marketing promotion and travel costs have been significantly reduced, with a sales cost of 17.18 per cent in 2020, a decrease of 4.60 percentage points compared to the same period; while administrative and financial cost controls have been put in place, resulting in a significant reduction in overall cost rates and higher corporate profitability.
Upgraded, the company’s branding and product extension cycle was reduced by at least five years, to facilitate future growth in sales earnings and effective control of sales costs. Beginning in March 2020, the foreign epidemic reached its peak, and the company expanded its high-end client base in emergency procurement overseas to provide a large number of respirators, monitors, and other services.
In 2020, the company completed a breakthrough with more than 700 high-end customers on the international market, and other products of the company are expected to increase its penetration in high-end client groups through synergy q1 in 2021, and the company’s performance continued to grow well with a high base for the same period last year.
On the internal front, domestic hospital procurement has been gradually warming, and the number of routine diagnostic activities, medical examinations, selective surgeries has recovered significantly, resulting in a significant recovery in the demand for conventional reagents in the country's in vitro diagnostic operations and a strong growth in the in vitro diagnostic operations.
Companies focus on R & D and are growing well in the future. In 2020, companies invested 2,096 million yuan in R & D, compared to a patent to protect autonomous intellectual property, and by the end of 2020, a total of 3,165 patents had been authorized.
Inventive patents authorizing 1561 items. 3 companies are growing in abundance and innovation, especially in high-end products, and a range of innovative products and solutions have been introduced in 2020 that create significant clinical value for health-care workers.
Investment proposals: the company is the leader of a domestic medical device, with both innovation and brand power, with product volatility risk; business management risk; product R & D risk; and Central American trade-related risks. The rating system's “market index” reference is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.