The new crown epidemic has contributed to the overall development of the company's production line, with 202101 continuing high growth Investment rating: buy-in (maintain) and Miri's medical performance is in line with expectations.
On 28 April, Méri Medical issued its annual report for 2020 and its first quarterly report for 2021, which showed that Méri Medical had achieved business income of $21,026 million in 2020, an increase of 27 per cent over the previous period, and that income was slightly higher than expected; the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounted to $6,658 million.
In the first quarter of 2021, a business income of $1 billion was achieved, representing an increase of 30.59 per cent in the same year. • The new crown epidemic contributed to life-support line development and led to an overall increase in the number of operations associated with the epidemic.
The outbreak of the new crown epidemic in early 2020 has greatly contributed to a comparison of company life information and production line prices with the depth of 300, with rapid growth and income from life information and production line operations amounting to $10.06 billion.
57.80% of the equipment directly related to epidemiological protection, such as a monitor, respirator, anaesthetic machine, pump, etc. Medical equipment is in short supply. In addition to life information and support lines, disease-related products such as an in vitro diagnosis of the new coronary gg/igm antibody reagent under the line of production, medical video operations are available.
By March 2020, the outbreak of the domestic epidemic had brought the company to its maximum capacity, and equipment for the prevention of the disease had been supplied to the country’s front line. Beginning in March 2020, the country’s epidemic had eased, while the international market had reached its peak, and the company was breathing.
Anti-epidemic equipment, such as machines, and new coronary ig/igm anti-testing agents have begun to tilt toward overseas markets. In 2020, the company completed a breakthrough of more than 700 high-end customers in the international market, and branding was promoted at least five years ahead of schedule.
• The gradual implementation of new health infrastructure and the accelerated expansion of the medical equipment market. The acceleration of new health infrastructure has become another important driver of company performance after the epidemic’s normalization.
In order to speed up the completion of our high-end medical equipment, speed up the clearance of critical core technologies and provide capacity for disease prevention and control, we have published the Capacity-Building Programme for Public Health Prevention and Control, the programme on improving the prevention and control of infections in fever clinics and medical institutions.
Documents such as this call for the strengthening of the icu, breathing, infection, etc., with equipment such as a bedside care system, a breathing machine, etc., and the further strengthening of public health and the provision of slabs, holes, weaknesses, etc.
The treatment equipment overlaps highly with Murray’s medical life information and support lines. As China’s largest, international leading medical equipment flagship, full coverage of low-end high-school equipment, from level-III hospitals to basic hospitals, the company needs different types of customers.
The product is well-established in terms of quality and high value for money, and it is very popular with its clients.
The military overseas market, the expansion of the industrial landscape, and the accelerated expansion of the domestic market for medical equipment are still the driving force behind the company’s performance.
In a good general context, with the normalization of disease prevention and control, hospital purchases are warming up, routine diagnostic activities are resuming, and hospitals at all levels are starting to operate new health infrastructure supplemental panels, which are expected to continue to benefit from company life information and support lines.
In recent times, India, Thailand, etc., have experienced high outbreaks, and the demand for anti-epidemic medical equipment, such as straws, monitors, and so on, remains high. Moreover, in the post-epidemiology era, Murray’s health care has been constantly investing in research and development, improving the quality of its products, and expanding its reach and operations.
The Division focuses on the development of sub-tracks such as micro-inventive surgery, veterinary use, aed etc., while actively expanding seed business such as super-high colours, super-molecular diagnostics, enriching the “Swige Union” solution, the “Swiss Shadows++” like the development of cloud platforms, and working to improve the overall level of care of the joint/medical community.
The company's “buy-in” rating is maintained by leading equipment companies, combined company operations and profitability. Policy change risks, market competition risks, product R & D and promotion are not as high as expected. Using information on legal compliance, this report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open market information, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.