Company review report  The pharmaceutical industry's performance has grown rapidly, brand recognition has increased dramatically.
The incident company publishes the 2020 and the 2021 quarterly reports. In 2020, it achieved a revenue of 25 yuan (including taxes) from Mondung Wei Kim's dividends. In the first quarter of 2021, it collected $5,781 million.
At first sight, the growth rate of o4 slowed, mainly as a result of the exchange rate rises in the renminbi. Māori sales cost was 14.46%, a decline of 3.57 pp from the previous year, and corporate profitability increased.
Billion dollars (+54.18%) to maintain a high growth rate. Of this, the brand recognition of custodians and defibrillators has increased significantly, the market promotion cycle has been shortened, the company has achieved more than 700 breakthroughs in high-end clients during the reporting period, and brand promotion has worked well.
During the reporting period, the company achieved a steady growth of $6,646 million (+14.31 per cent) in in vitro diagnostics.
In 20q2 cases, the company began exporting the new coronary gg/igm anti-test to the overseas market to compensate for some of the effects of the epidemic on the in vitro diagnostic business. In addition, the company enhanced the layout of single machines and cascades in 20 years, with high-end five-class blood cells.
+crp analyser, high-speed biochemistry analyser, high-speed chemical luminous immunology analyser continue to achieve client group breakthroughs, laying the foundation for a sustainable reagent release in the future. Medical image operations are slowing down, and the company is expected to recover at a faster rate of 20 years in 21 years.
In response to the new global coronary epidemic, the company launched the mx and me series of high-end composted superproducts, publishing i-associated intelligence diagnostic tools. On the international market, the company uses targeted poc solutions.
The installation of top-level hospital clients in Europe, CIS, Latin America, etc., has increased penetration and coverage in high-end international hospitals; in the domestic market, ultrasound products continue to penetrate the clinic. We expect 21 years of medical imagery.
Business is expected to grow more rapidly. Sustained high R & D inputs, high-end products breaking through 20 years of corporate R & D investments, same-year increases, and breakthroughs. (1) In the area of life information and support, companies introduced tm70 telemetry (1.4g), benefusion
(b) New products, such as ngp/nsp/nds, nb350 Neonatal Respirators, vs8/9, emed defibrillators, etc., in the field of medical imagery, mainly with the introduction of the combined ultrasound application solution “Kunlirr9, Kunluni9”, the women's and children's application of the solution “Women r9 and women i9”, intervention in ultrasound resolution
In the field of in vitro diagnosis, the company has introduced a series of new products such as three-dimensional fluorescent, full automatic end blood, a high-speed crp integrated bc-7500crp blood cell analyser, and a laboratory fully automated water line m6,000.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
He is familiar with the chain of innovation research and development and innovation services, and has a better understanding of the state of the pharmaceutical industry and changes in the industry chain. He joined the Chinese Galaxy Stock Exchange in 2018.