Méri Medical (300760) Medical and health-care equipment and services 21q1 net profit increases by up to 35 per cent and global visibility rises to pave the way for subsequent development
Incidents: On the evening of 28 April, the company released its annual report for 2020: the company achieved its full year of business on the same day, the company released its report for the first quarter of 2021, which achieved operating income of $5,781 million in the first quarter, an increase of 21.93 per cent over the same period; net profit to the mother of $1,715 million, an increase over the same year
Life information and support operations lead to growth, and the need to combat the epidemic drives rapid international business development.
Three-quarterly reviews: a slightly higher performance rate of 46%.
With an unprecedented increase in branding and market visibility on a global scale. - 2020/10/30. Current international epidemics continue, with disease-related products such as respirators, surveillance in the first quarter of 2021.
The demand for Méri Medical Point Assessments, Pumps, etc. remains high. (2) In vitro diagnosis: a year-round sales income.
This is mainly due to a decrease in the share of income from the higher-than-prevalence test agent. Although the regular reagent consumption - 2020/10/14 - slowed down during the epidemic, the company ' s new coronary gg/lgm anti-testing agent was compensated for.
M.M.I. (300060), M.M.I., reported partial losses and thanks to a significant recovery in the consumption of conventional reagents in the country, an in vitro diagnostic operation.
Accelerating recovery has been achieved. In the first quarter of 2021, there was good control of the epidemic in the country, with regular consultations and a 46% increase in the net profit from the mother's return.
-20/20/08/27 Strong growth in in vitro diagnostics for a significant recovery. (3) Medical images: current sales revenue of $4,196 million over the year, an increase of 3.88 per cent over the same year; Māori rate, a decline of 2.24 pct over the same year
To 66.18 per cent, mainly due to a decline in the ratio of Māori to Māori ultrasound income. The growth of higher desktop ultrasound in medical video business has slowed as a result of the decline in hospital consultations during the epidemic. The domestic market has been recovering gradually since March.
The normal procurement of desktop ultrasound, of which level II and III hospitals are recovering faster, and as the ultrasound products continue to penetrate into the clinical room, the company will come to a larger number of sub-areas in the country's ultrasound market: (1) International operations: $9.916 billion in sales revenue for the year.
This is a 41.21% increase over the same period. The new crown epidemic has led to a significant increase in domestic and international market demand for guardianship devices, respirators, injection pumps, new coronary anti-testants, portable colours, mobile dr, and the cumulative supply of more than 500,000 anti-epidemic equipment to the world, breaking over 700 high-end gaps.
Hospitals (of which more than 100 high-end clients were able to break through Europe): The company’s branding was thus advanced by at least five years, and it is expected that other products in the three major fields of business will be co-led by 16.53% longer. During the critical period of the epidemic, the company delivered to Wuhan Fire Mountain and the Lui Shinyama Hospital.
With this effort, the top hospitals have become more aware of the company's products, have increased brand recognition, and have reduced the market extension period. After the outbreak, the country's product plates are in possession of core technology and are consistent with the quality of imported equipment.
Under the circumstances, there will be more opportunities to compete with each other, allowing high-quality, high-performance national production equipment to enter major hospitals and accelerate the process of national production substitution. Marketing costs have fallen by 4.60 pt and net interest rates have increased by 3.37 pt to 31.67% over the year.
Transfer of part of freight costs from former “sale costs” to “business costs”: sales costs decreased by 4.60 pct to 17.18 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to delayed recruitment during the epidemic, lower pay equity, marketing promotion, travel, etc.
Effective controls are in place and changes in freight class subjects; management cost rates have decreased from 0.35 pct to 4.27 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of the company ' s management of enhanced internal business efficiency; and cost changes in the first quarter of 2021 converge with 2020: overall Māori rate, sales
Cost rates, management rates, R & D rates, financial cost rates, overall net interest rates, respectively, decreased significantly due mainly to reduced overseas travel activities, sustained focus on autonomous R & D, with outstanding research results
The company continues to ensure high R & D investment, with R & D spending of 2,096 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 27.04 per cent. The product continues to be rich and new, especially in high-end products, making breakthroughs and introducing a range of innovative products that create significant clinical value for health-care workers.
(i) In the area of life information and support, the company introduced tm70 telemetry (1.4g), the central station of the benefusion pump, the benefusionn series of pump (nvp/nsp/nds), nb350 newborn respirators, vs8/9, umed
New products such as tremors, 4k endoscopic camera systems, hard mirror instruments, r80 medical bridge hangars; (2) medical imaging, mainly with the introduction of ultrasound integrated application solutions “Kunlunr9, 19”, female and child application solutions “Women r9, female 19”, intervention in ultrasound resolution
Programs “North er9”, new generation of portable ultrasound mx\me series, special liver fibre detection hepatus 6/5 hepatus supermeter, “Swig ++” Imaging Cloud Service platform: (3) In vitro diagnostic field, the company launched 3D fluorescent, full automatic end blood, high-speed crp single machine bc-7500crp
The blood cell analyser, the laboratory fully automated flow line m6000, and a range of new biochemical and immuno-reagent products.
Sub-product lines: (1) In vitro diagnosis: chemical luminous instrumentation with stable quality and rapid loading of platform resources, approximately 40 per cent of the 2,200 additional installed machines in 2020, with reagent single machine output close to 70w expected to lead to a significant increase in the company ' s overall individual output.
A rise in sales revenue from higher loads per year: (2) life information and support: the build-up of public security controls in the aftermath of the epidemic, both domestic and foreign, provides significant incremental space for products such as monitors, respirators, lightbeds, injection pumps, etc., and aed is expected to increase as social awareness continues to rise.
In continuation of the high growth trend of the previous period, the micro-starter 4k/all-highly clean abdominal mirror system is expected to break through the country's product plate. (3) Medical images: the ultrasound industry slowed down after 19 years of government spending and 20 years of epidemic effects, followed by high-end, specialized product lines.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: short- and long-term companies are positively affected by the epidemic, and there is much room for growth in products such as custody, biochemical and chemical light, high-end images, etc.
Quantified risk: exchange rate fluctuations risk: industry policy risk: downside risk of product prices.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.