Méri Medical (300760) Medical and health-care equipment and services
Incident: On the evening of 16 May, the company issued a notice on the acquisition of shares in offshore companies: the company intends to buy 100 per cent of the shares of Hytestinvestoy and its subsidiaries in cash through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Hong Kong Global and Full-Son Company, Murray Holland.
Euro billion net debt and class debt, and expected interest on about Euro15 million lockboxes. Upon easy delivery, the company will indirectly hold 100% of the hytestinvestoy and its subsidiaries as globally known vd raw material suppliers, working with the company for over 10 years.
Hytestinvestoy (seaguar) Hytestltd was established in 1994 and is based in Finland as a producer of high-quality monoclonal antibodies and antigens in the global diagnostic industry, with the main clients being the vd industry and large international research institutions; Hytest is in several major market areas.
Total equity/flow (million shares) has taken the lead in the market, including heart markers and flu testing materials. It has also been a core supplier of vd raw materials for Murray Medical Services for more than a decade with Hytest.
High 12 months/minimum ($) Business income, operating profits, net profits, business activities, 2020
Net cash flows were €28.09 million, €12.96 million, €6.57 million, and assessed: 21q1 net profit growth amounted to €4.41 million, with a net interest rate of 23.39 per cent.
Thirty-five per cent, with global visibility rising to provide the basis for follow-up development and economic efficiency gains from backward integration.
Bioactive materials (mainly antigens, antibodies, etc.) have a direct impact on the quality of products - 2020/10/30 Miri Medical (300,760) Miri Medical Review
One of the heart’s secrets. And one of the bottlenecks in the development of the domestic vd industrial chain is the key raw materials, reporting that 2020q3 performance increases midway, because domestic raw materials are developed with the vd industry, with a certain lag.
40% meets expectations, product influence continues to be raised ivd is one of the company’s core development strategies, and chemical luminous products are an important branch.
As a result of this merger, Méri Medical has upgraded the core R & D capabilities of the vd raw materials to facilitate quality control, cost optimization and security of supply of the company's vd operations, to connect diagnostic reagents from the original to the customer's entire value chain, and to optimize the global layout of the upstream and downstream industrial chain.
In the light of our analysis of the history of Murray's medical M & As, which is aimed at overseas and domestic acquisition, different M & A strategies are taken: in the international market, it is mainly the integration of innovative front-line technologies, localization.
Sales channels, domestic M&As, are primarily aimed at expanding new production lines and accelerating entry into new areas. Among these, the United States datascope custody business was acquired in 2008 to complement the datascope brand, channel and web technology, thereby gaining access to the US and European markets.
Joined the third largest brand in global guardianship; acquired the United States Zonare in 2013 to strengthen its research and development capabilities in high-end ultrasound, to further expand the United States market into a high-end ultrasound market; and acquired Hytest in 2021, which was another major acquisition of two production lines: life information and support, and medical imagery.
We believe that, as a leading national chemically produced business, companies are expected to produce their own key raw materials in a way that is highly supportive of national production as an alternative to imported products, and that would enhance the global competitiveness and internationalization of the company’s vd production line.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: companies are positively affected by the epidemic in the short and long term, with larger growth space for products such as custody, biochemical and chemical light, high-end images, etc. We erase the associated risks: the risk of exchange rate fluctuations: industry policy risk: the risk of falling product prices.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.