The three main lines of business have continued to grow well, and long-term competitiveness has continued to rise with a net profit of $6,658 million, or 42.24 per cent, compared to the corresponding increase of $6,540 million.
At the same time, the company published its first quarterly report in 2021, which generated $5,781 million in revenue, an increase of 21.93 per cent over the same period; and the three major sectors of maternal net profit, 2020, which maintained good growth: 1) in 2020, the company ' s life information and support business generated revenues of $10,006 million, an increase of 54.18 per cent over the same period.
There has been a significant increase in the demand for monitors, respirators, injection pumps, and smart-assit solutions, with q1 concentrated mainly in the domestic market and q2 output and delivery gradually tilted towards the international market. 2) In vitro diagnostic operations generated operating income of $6.646 billion, an increase of 14.31% over the same period.
Six months of rapid recovery of the domestic market and upgrading of capacity; the company’s export of new coronary antibody reagents abroad also compensates for the domestic impact. The company has enhanced the layout of single machines and cascade instruments, with high-end five-class blood cell +crp analysers, high-speed biochemistry analysers, high-speed chemical luminous immune analysers, and continued client breakthroughs. 3) The company’s medical imaging industry
In March, the country began to resume desktop shopping, hospitals at the second and third levels recovered faster, and as ultrasound products infiltrated the clinic, the company will open up more development opportunities in the country’s ultrasound market. In response to the new crown, the company introduced mx and me.
High-end portable superproducts and i-associated smart diagnostic tools, installed top-level hospital clients in international settings such as Europe, CIS and Latin America, increased penetration and coverage of international high-end hospitals, chain hospitals ~2021q1 ~ Strong growth in in in vitro diagnosis, with overseas epidemic-related products remaining high demand: 2021q1 company industry
The demand for disease-related products, such as respirators, monitors, injection pumps, etc., is still strong in the face of repeated international epidemics. There is good control of the epidemic in the country, hospital purchases are warming up, routine diagnostic surgery is gradually returning to normal levels, and conventional reagents are being used for in vitro detection.
Xu Xu’s recovery is evident, and the in vitro diagnostics business is growing robustly. It is expected that the company’s three-part operations will continue to grow well throughout the year as domestic consultations are back on track and overseas epidemics continue to spread.
The Māori rate has remained stable and business efficiency has improved further: in 2020 the overall Māori rate was 64.97 per cent, compared with Māri Medical Care: performance was as expected and demand for anti-epidemic products was high by percentage points; the Māori rate for in vitro diagnosis was 59.73 per cent, down 2.8 per cent from the same year; and the Māori rate for medical images was 66.18 per cent.
Murray Medical: three major operations continue to grow, with new opportunities falling by 4.6 percentage points; management cost is 13.16 per cent, a decrease of 0.31 percentage points in the same year; financial cost - 0.29 per cent, Murray Medical: three operations continue to grow as expected
Murray Health Care: Performance meets expectations, new products in the three main areas of operation are constantly emerging and high-end products are breaking; company research and development invested $2,096 million in 2020, with Murray Health Care: three lines of business go hand in hand, with a leading advantage.
In the area of research and development of new products, the company has continued to produce new products, with no breakout in the field of high-end products. In the area of life information and support, the company has introduced tm70 telemetry (1.4g), the central station of the benefusion pump, the benefusionn series of pump (nvp/nsp/nds), nb350 newborns.
New products such as respirators, vs8/9, emed defibrillators, 4k endoscope cameras, hard mirrors, r80 doctors, bridge-based hangars; in the field of medical imagery, the integrated ultrasound application solution “Kun Lr 9, Kluni 9”, the women and children application solution “Women r9 and women i9”, and the intervention in the ultrasound solution “North e-Te” were introduced.
R9”, a new generation of portable ultrasound mx\me series, a special liver fibre test hepatus 6/5 hepatus supermers, a "Swig +" video cloud service platform; in the area of in vitro diagnosis, the company introduced 3D fluorescent, fully automatic end blood, and high, and a range of new biochemical and immunological reagent products.
It is hoped that new growth points will gradually be made in the areas of instruments, microscopes, orthopaedics, orthopaedics, or molecular diagnostics. The investment proposal is that Méri Medical, the leading medical equipment company in the world, has a clear edge.
In contrast, high-end chemical luminescence, automated water flow lines, high-end specialist colours, etc., are expected to break through technology.