Annual Report 2020 and Quarterly 2021: Report of Performance: Business Income of Companies in 2020 was $21.03 billion, an increase of 27 per cent in the same year; Net Returned Gains of $6.66 billion, an increase of 42.2 per cent in the same year; Net Returned Gains of $6.54 billion, a deduction from the Retired Mothers.
This represents a 41.7% increase in the same year, with 2,021q1 companies achieving operating income of $5.78 billion, or 21.9% more in the same year; a billion yuan increase of 35.4% in the same year; and a performance that meets our expectations. The company intends to discover a rapid increase in the number of anti-epidemic products per 10 shares, and a gradual recovery in the number of non-epidemic products: a new domestic and foreign crown outbreak in 2020.
The demand for corporate anti-epidemic products has surged, and the sale of non-epidemic products has been significantly affected. As the second quarter began to stabilize the domestic epidemic, the sale of non-resistant products began to recover.
54.2 per cent, mainly due to the new crown epidemic, which led to a significant increase in domestic and international market demand for monitors, respirators, injection pumps, and 6.65 billion yuan in in vitro diagnostic products, an increase of 14.3 per cent over the same period, of which the new crown gg/igm resistance test agent grew at a high rate and accounted for a higher proportion of conventional reagents.
Slow down; medical imaging products generated revenues of $4.2 billion, an increase of 3.9% from the previous year, with a slower growth in desktop ultrasound, but rapid growth with ultrasound and mobile dr. With the normalization of the country’s hospital industry, we expect an increase in corporate in vitro diagnostics and medical images in 2021.
The continued strong demand for overseas anti-epidemic products in 1 and the recovery of regular domestic operations: 2021q1 domestic hospital purchases are gradually warming, routine diagnostic activities, medical examinations and scheduled surgeries are recovering significantly, resulting in a significant recovery in the demand for conventional reagents in the country ' s in vitro diagnostic operations and strong in vitro diagnostic operations
Growth. Demand for disease-related products, such as respirators, monitors, injection pumps, etc., is still strong in the face of repeated international epidemics. We expect an increase of about 40% in the same number of in vitro diagnostic products, which accelerates the expansion of the epidemic both within and outside the country, and actively nurtures growth-oriented operations to lay the foundation for long-term development: the epidemic period.
A little more than expected, the speedier companies abroad, the country's top hospitals became more aware of the company's products, branding increased significantly, and expanded by 2020-10-30.
As a result of the promotion cycle, international market companies have completed a breakthrough of more than 700 high-end clients, laying a good foundation for the growth of globalization abroad. Over the next few years, companies will focus on research and development, including breathing.
The epidemic continues to be severe, with anti-epidemic products driven by machines, injection pumps, aed, instruments and consumables for micro-surgery operations, chemical photo-immun diagnosis and automation of blood, intelligent water flow and microbiological operations, ultrasound in clinical applications.
High Performance Growth 2020-10-15 and Veterinary Business, among others, have nurtured it as a leading global business area, while continuing to actively explore 3, Méri Medical (300,760):
Seed operations such as super-high-end colours, molecular diagnostics, orthopaedics provide dynamic energy for companies to grow over the long term. Sustained high growth, the epidemic boosts the company’s profitability projections and investment ratings: we maintain the 2021-2022 return net profit projections as follows:
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board