M.M.I. (300060) Medical Organism buys the hytest into the ivd upstream material, and the industrial chain layout helps to get up to the new stage, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Incident: On 16 May, the company announced its intention to purchase global ivd upstream raw materials for its counterpart, Hytest, the world's leading ivd upstream raw material supplier, at a total cost of €545 million.
Lang, the leading supplier of vd upstream raw materials, ranks one to two among the professional vd raw material manufacturers, with a world gold standard, supplying the world’s brightest. According to Summaequity, the total value of this acquisition is 545 million euros (approximately 4260 million yuan), of which 465 million euros is the equity price.
However, given the negative impact of the 2020 target companies on the epidemic, with the recovery of conventional reagent raw materials and the increase in the contribution of new coronary test material, it is expected that by 2021 Hytest will achieve a better income growth, combined with improved profitability and reduced financial costs after debt repayment, it is expected that by 2021 Hytest valuation will be carried out
This M & As is the largest M & As in Murray’s history in monetary terms, and is consistent with the M & As strategy, a technology-type M & As with a limited increase in eps (hytest 2020).
The net profit is 0.77% of the net profit of Murray in 2020. However, from a long-term strategic perspective, this M & A has the following advantages that will improve Meriivd ' s competitiveness in the long term: 1) The quality of antigen antigens is highly influenced by the accuracy of light detection (over and above the impact of technological routes) through this M & A.
The core R & D capacity of raw materials will be significantly upgraded, with the expectation of a breakout of existing taps on the luminous reagents; 2) Hytest has overseas R & D capabilities and production capacity, and optimizing upstream and downstream industrial chains will bring positive benefits to corporate globalization; 3) mastering upstream raw materials will enhance the stability and safety of corporate vd reagent production
“Innovation + M & A + Internationalization” supports companies rushing into global Top20. As we report in May to the world, “Swe” reports, companies rely on “innovation + M & As + Internationalization” to achieve three production lines of technology and production.
Upgraded products and improved channels, successful return of kings after 2016, 2016-2019 Revenue cagr = 22.4% net profit cagr = 43%, and firm robust growth with accelerated domestic import substitution, increased global competitiveness of Chinese enterprises and a new crowning epidemic to upgrade corporate brands and channels
Long-term dynamics are expected to continue for many years. 2) In terms of “accessible market and share uplifting” and “a full five to ten-year sprint 3) in terms of market value space, considering the profitability and growth of companies far above the global giants, it is expected that Méri Medical Care (300,760) will be driven by demand for anti-epidemic products.
High performance growth in 2020, ivd line in 2021.
3. Miri Medical Care (300760): q3 continued high performance and demand for anti-epidemic products remained high (2020-10-31)
4. Miri Medical Care (300760): accelerated performance in the second quarter, expected improvement in the second half of ivd and image operations (2020-08-28)
There is no direct or indirect compensation for the overseas release of anti-epidemic products (2020-07-15) and no direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.