On 17 May 2021, together with hytest, we strengthened the development and internationalization of vd raw materials.
On May 16, the company issued an announcement to buy in cash through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Murray Global (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Hong Kong's fully-owned global subsidiary, Mindraymedicalnetherlandsb.v.
The total purchase price is expected to be about Euro545 million. When the transaction is completed, the company will indirectly hold the company ' s hytestinvestoy and its subsidiaries, which are overseas M & A suppliers of known vd raw materials, and enhance capacity-building in research and development of the luminous core material.
Hytest is a globally known, top-notch ivd supplier of raw materials, with strong core competitiveness in the global ivd raw material field, leading the market in such segmented markets as heart markers, flu detection raw materials, etc., with a global gold standard with core products such as mythogen, bnp (b-type sodium),
In addition, the company made a net profit of about EUR 6.57 million in infectious diseases, inflammation, condensation, and a net profit of about EUR 9.3 million in 2021q1 (a net gain of about EUR 2.9 million (a net interest rate of over 31%).
The low volume of revenue from the M & As, which is the strategic layout of the company upstream of ivd, is of strategic importance, with Hytest being the main supplier of the company's core raw materials prior to the acquisition, and through M & As, is expected to further strengthen the core R & D capacity of the company's chemical luminous products and raw materials and optimize their integration.
In addition, the domestic chemical lighting market is still dominated by import brands, Research-Merry Medical (300.760.sz) 2020.
Importers such as Rhodes and Yape, all of whom have laid the raw materials to strengthen their core competitiveness, reported in the first quarter of 2021 that performance is on track and that the acquisition of new infrastructure for medical care is expected to close the gap between companies and imports on the raw materials and accelerate the process of national production substitution.
Internationalization is an important growth engine for vd operations, and the acquisition is expected to accelerate the process of internationalization.
Lower, the least internationalized business block in all operations, so internationalization is important for companies, and the strategy 2020.12.17 is one of the major growth engines for future ivd operations. With the traditional chemical lighting market and poc
The testing market is gradually warming, adding up the demand for antigen testing in overseas markets and accelerating the process of internationalization of corporate chemical luminous operations through the acquisition of the Medicine Bioindustry Strategy Report 2021: Study of the Domestic Dollar Securities Industry: It is hoped that a stable supply of controlled upstream raw materials will be made available.
When the merger is completed, Hytest’s loans are expected to be repaid, financial costs may be reduced, and performance increases are expected to increase significantly in the light of the high demand for the offshore new crown test. Companies are continuously actively exploring high-quality targets, and this merger is expected to help companies acquire the chemical luminium.
Technology for material research and development and overseas channels to improve the company ' s autonomous research and development capacity for luminous raw materials and speed up ivd operations
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.