On May 16, the company announced its intention to adopt full-fledged global capital in Hong Kong and Hong Kong.
The subsidiary Murray Holland acquired 100 per cent of the shares in cash of the summaequityab affiliated funds and of the company Hytestinvestoy, owned by the spartakco-investmentab, and its subsidiaries, with a total purchase price estimated at about Euro545 million.
The company is one of the most important suppliers of raw materials in the world’s vd industry. After this acquisition, the company will hold 100% of the shares of Hytestinvestoy and its subsidiaries, of which Hytestoy, an indirect subsidiary of Hytestinvest yo, was established in 1994 and is based in Turku, Finland.
(turku), research, development, production, marketing of reagent raw materials such as antigen antibodies for primary in vitro diagnostic purposes 1. " Performance meets expectations, growing space -- Murray Sales and antibodies services, one of the most important suppliers of raw materials in the global in vitro diagnostic industry (ivd), in
Heart signs, signs of inflammation, infectious diseases, pets, metabolics, tumours, condensation, reproductive pregnancy, etc. 2. "Q3 slightly overexpected, branding opens up growth with extensive layout, and its myocardial calcium protein i (ctni) has become the gold for myocardial infarction diagnosis."
3. ivd restores normal growth, life-line hytesony products are sold to more than 50 countries on six continents, with client groups covering largely global mainstream external diagnosis.
High Growth – Merri Medical Corporation Review, Reagent Company. In 2020, the target company earned Euro28.09 million, resulting in a net profit of Euro6.57 million. Euro9.3 million for 2021q1 and a net profit of Euro2.92 million.
4. " Lifelines outperform expectations, performance growth is affected by the epidemic in 2020, and trade valuations are based on 2021 projections.
Strengthening core R & D capacity-building for company vd raw materials and optimizing the global layout of the industrial chain.
This acquisition has helped companies to better integrate industrial chains, improve their self-research capabilities and supply chain platforms for chemically luminous products and raw materials, and improve the integrated competitiveness of core industries. Companies have successfully integrated overseas M&As on several occasions, and in 2008 they acquired the United States.
In 2013, the internationalization of companies such as zonare, ulco and others, was at the forefront of the national medical equipment company. Without taking into account the profit combination of the merger and the purchase price, we expect the company to achieve a net return profit in 21-23 years, respectively.
Trade friction-related risks: exchange rate fluctuations: M & A integration below expectations; goodwill impairment risk, etc. Companies are going to acquire 100% of the shares of Hytestinvestoy and its subsidiaries. Companies are going to collect in cash through their wholly-owned subsidiaries in Hong Kong and Hong Kong worldwide.
Purchases: (1) 100 per cent of the shares held by the Summaequityab affiliated funds and the spartakco-investmentab by the hytestinvestoy, and (2) by the shareholders of mariaseverina and alexey katrukha and several natural persons in Hytestholdingoy, a subsidiary of the target company
All minority holdings, (3) all minority shares held by mariaseverina and jukkalehikoinen in the indirect subsidiary of the target company, Hytestoy, (4) some individual shareholders and natural persons, Hytestholdingoy, 4,790,643.
The company and its subsidiaries are expected to have 100% equity, with a total purchase value of about Euro545 million, and once the deal is completed, the company will indirectly hold 100% of the shares of Hytestinvestoy and its subsidiaries.
Sonare (2013), Australian medical equipment distributor ulco (2013), with greater international M & As experience. Euro9.3 million was collected by 2021q1 and net profit of Euro2.92 million was realized.
Hytestoy is one of the most important suppliers of raw materials in the global in vitro diagnostic industry (ivd). Hytestoy was established in 1994 and is based in Turku City, Finland (turku), with the main in vitro diagnosis.
One of the most important raw materials suppliers in the spherical diagnostic industry (ivd) has extensive layouts in the fields of heart signs, inflammation, signs, infectious diseases, pets, metabolics, tumours, condensation, reproductive pregnancy, and a global market for raw materials such as cardiovascular markers, influenza virus testing and pet testing.
Competing advantage. The client community basically covers mainstream in vitro diagnostic reagent companies around the world. Figure 5: Hytesony chemical luminous platform project hytest calcium i (ctni) is a gold standard biomarker for myocardial infarction diagnosis.
Hytest studied calcium protein for more than 20 years. In 2004, Hytest's calcium compound was selected as an international calcium standard protein material. For immunometry, detection limits depend on multiple factors - platforms, tags, temperature times, buffer fluids used, and so forth.
Always the most critical factor in determining design. Hytest antibodies have been successfully used to develop a new generation of high sensitivity ctnl detection systems. ctnl is extremely unstable in isolation, but there is a marked increase in stability when tnc combines or forms ctnl-ctnt-tnc three-dimensional compounds.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment