M.M.I.A. (300,760) Review report, 2904, 2021.
The year 2020 was a year of steady growth, with 21q1 continuing high growth, and the demand for both domestic and foreign anti-epidemic products recovered rapidly after the outbreak.
In the environment, the company performed well throughout the year, showing good growth. 2021q1 battalion and profit robust growth, with strong growth in in vitro diagnostics, growth in three major segments of operations abroad for disease-resistant products such as respirators and monitors, major increases in the contribution of life information and support to business, and in vitro diagnosis.
In the second half of 2020, medical imagery resumed with the easing of the epidemic, and performance continued to grow.
The slowdown led to a high rate of growth of the new coronary gg/igm anti-medical tester, while the recovery of the in vitro diagnostic plate was accelerated with the gradual recovery of the domestic conventional reagent-Merry medical consumption.
Medical video business: the achievement of $4.196 billion (+3.88 per cent), which affected hospital purchases of desktop ultrasound, and the rapid growth in demand for products such as excess, mobile dr and so on, led to a year-long increase in video operations as the ultrasound gradually returned to normal procurement after March 2020.
Cost controls are good, cash flows are improving significantly, and research and development inputs continue to increase.
The management cost rate (excluding R & D costs) was 4.3 per cent as a result of the roll-out under mirror equipment section 2020.12.17 and the reduction in travel costs.
As a result, net cash flows from operating activities in 2020 amounted to $8.870 billion (+87.85 per cent), improving the focus on the gold track, searching for the post-influenza High Light 2020.12.05, and increasing faster than the profit end, which is expected mainly to be the contractual liability resulting from the increased demand for sales.
The company’s R & D costs were 8.9% in 2020, almost evenly flat. The company continued to increase its research on the study of the dollar securities company, Méri Medical (300.760.sz) 20203 investment, which, in addition to further enriching the three product lines, will actively foster micro-surgery, veterinary operations, etc.
A promising new track such as aed further boosts long-term growth space. Quarterly reviews: high performance driven by anti-epidemic products, strong brand influences on new global medical infrastructure that accelerates new opportunities, brand visibility that accelerates expansion, both within and outside the country
2020.11.02 Companies have made breakthroughs in the international market for more than 700 high-end clients, with a shorter branding cycle of at least five years and a forward period of more than 70 per cent of overseas income for the company's future globalization strategy
Targets lay a good foundation. In addition, the epidemic has exposed a global shortage of health resources.
The company's brand name and technology were strengthened during the epidemic, considering the continued spread of the overseas epidemic, and the company's ability to provide the foundation for sustained growth in the company's performance.
Life information and support operations or continuing to contribute to performance, while vd and video operations have largely resumed.
The year 2020 saw robust performance growth and significant growth in overseas income. In a climate of domestic and foreign demand for anti-epidemic products and rapid recovery of demand for post-epidemic non-resistant products, corporate performance in 2020 was impressive, with net profits of $21,026 million (+27.00 per cent) and $6,658 million (+42.24 per cent), respectively.
The profit-end growth is higher than the harvest, and is expected to be due mainly to high Māori product ratios, lower down-line promotion costs and hiring of employees, and the Government’s introduction of relevant preferential policies. The company’s performance of 2020q1-q4 on 21q1 performance was excellent in the single quarter, with strong growth in the in vitro diagnostic business.
The growth rate of 22 per cent and 31 per cent is still robust with a high growth rate of 2020q1, with a strong growth in in vitro diagnostics, mainly due to the recovery of routine in-country clinical activities, medical examinations and the high number of scheduled surgeries; the gradual warming of hospital procurements; a significant increase in demand for conventional reagents; and resistance products such as respirators, monitors, etc.
The demand for goods remains strong in the context of the continuing spread of the overseas epidemic, with q2 overseas revenues expected to grow faster than domestic revenues and q2 expected to continue to grow fast. The level of profitability remains high and stable.
67.98.0 per cent (+2.37 pt), Māori in vitro diagnosis 59.73 per cent (-2.80 ptt), Māori in medical images, breakthroughs in high-end products to focus on research and development: in the area of life information and support, companies introduced tm70 telemetry (1.4g), benefusion pump central station, nb350 newborns with no trauma respirator, vs8/9 guardianship
New products, such as tremors, 4k endoscopic camera systems, rigid mirror instruments; in the field of medical imagery, mainly ultrasound integrated application solutions “Kullenr9, Kunleni9”, women's and children's application solutions “Women r9, women i9”, intervention ultrasound solution “North Tser9” and so on; in the field of in vitro diagnosis, the company has launched three-dimensionals.
Fluorescent, fully automated end blood, laboratory fully automated waterlines m6000, etc. Cost controls are good, operating cash flows are significantly improved. Companies have good cost-side controls and sales costs are 17.18% (-4.60pt), and management is expected to result mainly from below-line promotion, reduced travel costs, etc.
The forecast is mainly due to changes in exchange gains and losses. Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $8.870 billion (+87.85 per cent) in 2020, a significant improvement over 2019. 2021q1 sales costs, management costs and financial costs Focus on three core blocks, focusing on the development of growing and emerging paths such as micro-surgery, veterinary use, etc.
The three main lines of activity are growing, with vital information and support operations contributing mainly at a faster rate, in vitro diagnostics and medical images, like operations under short-term stress in the first half of 2020, recovery in the second half of the year as the epidemic subsides, performance, life information and support operations:
In particular, the high-end N series, the sv series, and the benefusion series are growing rapidly, contributing to the major income growth of the plate. In 2020, some 280,000 units were sold.
This represents an increase of 48.83 per cent over the 188,000 in 2019 and 58,564 in 2020 sales of tremors, or 38.09 per cent, while the domestic market is dominated by the share of corporate custodians, respirators, injection pumps, etc.
In international markets, companies have benefited from years of deep-farming and branding, a surge in overseas orders, extensive access to high-end hospitals, such as respirators and monitors, and increasing branding and market visibility in global markets, significantly shortening the cycle of branding and product promotion, which is expected to accelerate.
(b) In vitro diagnostic operations: The growth in conventional reagent sales, such as biochemicals and blood cells, slowed down in the first half of 2020, and new
The high demand for coronary anti-tests compensates for the decline in the sale of conventional reagents in the country, with an overall accelerated recovery of the in vitro diagnostic plates in the second half of the year, as the consumption of conventional reagents recovered significantly in the country. The ratio of reagent sales to equipment in 2020 was 251 (248 in 2019), and the sales of reagents was about 1.9 million boxes, in
ivd reagents are expected to provide certainty for the subsequent high growth of the plate as future loads rise. The company continues to enhance the layout of single machines and cascades, with high-speed biochemical analysers and high-speed chemical luminescencers at the end.
End-user groups break through, laying the foundation for sustainable upscaling and scale effects of reagents. At the same time, companies are motivated to become suppliers of overall in vitro diagnostic solutions, exploring integration, automation, intelligence and information applications in single-organic, cascade-based and tla products, consolidating and upgrading companies in the final market.
In addition, the company ' s product pipelines continue to be enriched with three-dimensional fluorescents, full automatic end-of-blood, laboratory fully automated waterlines m6000 and a range of new biochemical and immuno-reagent products.
During the first quarter of the year, as a result of the domestic epidemic, sales of corporate desktop ultrasound terminals slowed down and began to return to normal procurement gradually after March, with rapid recovery in level II and III hospitals and rapid growth in the more demanding portable ultrasound and mobile dr. In the international market, the company's mx and me series of high-end sales are growing.
The penetration and coverage of superproducts in high-end and chain hospitals continued to rise. The company ' s sales in 2020 were 24990, an increase of 5.17 per cent over the 23761 in 2019, and the company ' s active deployment of ultrasound in the area of obstetrics, cardiovasculars, anaesthesia, intervention, etc.
Clinical solutions that accurately match the needs of different sections and applications are expected to achieve breakthroughs at the high end and an accelerated increase in market share. The company focuses on three core sections, focusing on developing growing businesses like micro-surgery, veterinary business, aed, and so on.
The company is actively developing promising and emerging paths beyond the three business plates, constantly refining the product mix, focusing on micro-surgery, and increasing the input of veterinary operations: (1) Micro-surgery: high-cleaning and 4k abdominal mirrors have been introduced, along with fluorescent accelerator systems.
The combination of products is constantly improving in the field of cold light sources, gas abdominal machines, microscopic surgical devices, and associated high-value consumables. (2) Veterinary operations: based on technological accumulation and product layout in the field of human appliances, the company has introduced products such as abdominal intoxication, animal ultrasound, animal blood cell analysers, etc., which will continue to be laid out in the future and will improve the market for animal use.
In addition, the company will continue to enrich the product lines of the three business plates, providing a more intelligent and information-based overall solution. In the post-epidemiology era, the company will continue to face more complex and diverse clinical special needs on the one hand.
Expanding and enriching the product layout of the three core business blocks, in the area of in vitro diagnosis, with a focus on the development of automated and intelligent water flow lines and microbiological operations, and in the area of life information and support, with increased input in the area of intra- and inter-hospital and interconnectivity. On the other hand, the company's “Swiss Union” (Swiss Federation) solution during the epidemic.
With the achievement of cross-section/hospital linkages, which allow remote custody and effectively reduce the risk of infection among health-care workers, multi-scenario solutions, including full-time, severe illness, round-the-clock, emergency, cardiology and universal care, will continue to enrich the WFDY IT solution in the future, build a holographic database of equipment and contribute to large-scale data research applications.
New global medical infrastructure has accelerated to offer new opportunities, branding has accelerated both within and outside the country, and as domestic epidemics have eased and foreign epidemics have spread rapidly, the capacity of companies to produce disease-related equipment has begun to tilt towards the international market, promoting not only short-term release of disease-resistant products such as company respirators, monitors, etc., but also significant increases.
With corporate overseas brand influence, enabling companies have accelerated the expansion of their international high-end client base, which has led to the breakthrough of more than 700 high-end clients in the international market, a reduction of the branding cycle by at least five years, and a good foundation for the forward goals of the corporate future in the globalization strategy, where more than 70 per cent of overseas revenues are proportional, including in the United States and the Russian Federation.
High-end hospitals in S&T and Turkey have started to buy back. And, under favourable policies to encourage import substitution, health-care institutions like hospitals have significantly increased their awareness of corporate products, effectively shortening the company’s product promotion cycle and facilitating the company’s accelerated national production substitution process.
The epidemic reflects a global shortage of medical resources to respond to major public health events, with a new wave of medical infrastructure that companies are expected to benefit from in the long term. As the epidemic moves into a routine prevention and control phase, the National Health and Rehabilitation Board and others have launched several billion dollar-level projects to build the health and rehabilitation system.
In addition, the EU, Spain, Italy and Italy are planning to invest more in the development of the health system. We believe that, thanks to the advantages of the company's excellent products, performance, brand influence, and channels, there is a permeability of the priority products in the health-care supplements, such as the respirator, the monitor, etc.
The company’s brand name and technology were strengthened during the epidemic, taking into account the continued spread of the overseas epidemic, company life information and support operations or continued performance, while vd and video operations were largely restored.
Risk of changes in industrial policy: Risk of a new coronary epidemic: Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: Risk of managing operations: Risk of product development: Risk of falling product prices: Risks associated with friction in trade between China and the United States: Risks associated with raising funds for investment projects: Marketing of dealers Authors with qualification in portfolio investment consultancy or considerable professional competence awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, independent and objective
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.