On the evening of April 27, China released its 2018 Quarterly Report, which achieved business income of $124,438 million.
Dollars; weighted average net asset return of 2.7 per cent, compared to 1.5 per cent during the same period last year, with surcharges on the agent channel for new policy premiums, with surcharges for renewals increasing by $819 million, or +21.1 per cent, of the agent channel premium revenue for the first quarter of the year.
More difficult marketing of agent-channel products under supervision has led to a decline in the share of new single-period payments, with renewal premiums becoming a major contribution to agency-channel premiums.
In total, insurance income from the insurance industry was 31,394 million yuan, or +19.5 per cent of the year, of which revenue from the insurance business was reported by the Unit as compared with the trend of 300 depths, the concentration of the insurance industry would be further increased as a result of the change in the cost of the car, and the market share of the company in the insurance market was expected to increase further.
At the end of last year, equity asset returns declined by 0.7 percentage points; companies realized investment returns of $12.742 billion in the first quarter of the year, compared to 1.3 per cent in the previous quarter; and the public life insurance policy opened with a red policy premium that, while under pressure, guaranteed product sales would be added in the second quarter and the new policy premium was expected to be met.
Marginal improvements: companies have taken the lead in issuing comprehensive solutions for tax-extended old-age insurance: 750 days of moving state debt, with interest rates higher than during the same period last year, contributing to the release of accounting profits; in terms of production insurance, there is still room for roughly two times the recommended rating of Pev in the larger context of the continuing expansion of commercial car fares.
1. Unexpected sales of guaranteed products;2 investment returns are not as high as expected. 20170828: China Taibo (601601); operational quality, quantity driven by high innovation in value growth
Table 1: Structure of insurance premiums for life insurance Table 2: Structure of insurance premiums for insurance premiums Summary of forecast data for corporate financial statements
Zhou Xiaoping, a mid-level economist and a Master of Economics from the University of Xian Transport, was a member of the Economic Research Institute and the Department of National Enterprise Strategy and Development, which was responsible for macroeconomic and industrial research. In 2015, he joined the Human Security Fund.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.