Company review — 40.3 per cent strong growth in the value of new business, long-term guarantee, Chinese taser (601601.sh)
The new single share of business has increased significantly.
1.8 percentage points. The impact of the high rate of increase in insured income and investment returns has been significant, and corporate performance has informed the preparation of the present report. 2) The operational structure of the life insurance policy has continued to be optimized, with a 40.3 per cent increase in the value of the new business
The share of income from the long-term guaranteed product of the TPI has increased further and the business structure has continued to optimize. 175,628 million yuan in premium revenue was realized in 2017, an increase of 27.9 per cent over the previous year, of which 53.368 billion yuan, an increase of 31 per cent over the previous year, representing 30.39 per cent of the rate of insurance coverage.
The company adheres to the principle of “insurance” with priority for quality, and the value of the new business continues to rise. In 2017, the value of the new business was 26.723 billion yuan a year, an increase of 40.3 per cent a year, and the value of the new business was 39.4 per cent, an increase of 6.5 percentage points a year.
The company further optimizes its human development policy, insists on effective staff growth, upgrading the quality and retention of newcomers, implementing newer training and supervisory rotations, and promoting excellence and healthy manpower growth. In 2017, the average monthly manpower of the company reached 874,000 people, an increase of 33.8 per cent.
The average monthly health and merit workers were 248,000 and 131,000, respectively; monthly commission income per capita was $1012, an increase of 2.5 per cent over the same year; monthly insurance coverage per capita per month for long-term manpower was increased; and the rate of growth of the insurance coverage of the product increased and the combined cost rate continued to improve.
In the past, corporate property insurance operations adopted a “reduced quality” development strategy, focusing on improving the quality of business, further consolidating the transformational gains in 2017, deepening transformational development and business management upgrades, opening up new areas, innovative technology applications, and accelerating growth.
10.414 billion yuan, or 8.8 per cent more than in 2016, and 7.1 percentage points more than in 2016. Combined, improvements were made and channels expanded, with insurance revenues of $81,808 million in 2017, an increase of 7.4 per cent compared with the increase of 7.4 per cent.
Exploiting opportunities for a rebound in market interest rates to enhance fixed-income asset allocation, especially to increase the allocation of state debt, etc., in order to increase the length of the asset, while increasing the allocation of higher-yielding unattended assets, with equity assets actively seeking to capture market structural opportunities.
Percentage points: 14.6 per cent of equity asset allocation, 2.3 percentage points higher than the previous year, of which the share 5) overall promotion of “digital panoply” and active interaction with national strategies and the economy of service entities During the reporting period, companies fully promoted “digital panoply” construction, embraced financial science and technology, and expected movement
Improved insurance supply capacity by digital means, including the creation of a large customer data platform “home” with a central focus on the construction of a single insurance account, the creation of an industry-class artificial intelligence insurance consultant product, “Alfa insurance”, the use of wireless interconnections, artificial intelligence, etc.
At the same time, the company's operations actively engage in national strategies and the real economy of services, including the provision of insurance coverage of an aggregate of over $500 billion for the “one-way” initiative; and the provision of a full range of state-of-the-art technical equipment.
Risk guarantees, the smooth landing of the Chinese Manufacturing 2025 strategy, and the cumulative launching of 129 claims schemes in critical infrastructure areas, with a total investment of $20.76 billion.
In the recovery, the non-car insurance business has been insured for the first time in almost four years. The company has a good business quality, a strong wind control, and has started a “transformation 2.0”, and we keep looking at the company’s future prospects and maintaining a “recommended” approach.