Wang Wei Chul (600196.sh/2196.hk) Corporate performance: 30.910 billion yuan for company 24q1-q3 and y0y+0.7 per cent for net profit to the mother
The non-net gain is better than expected. Of this amount, q3 earned $10.45 billion in the first quarter, y0y + 12.3 per cent, recorded net profit of $790 million, yoy +55.4 per cent, net profit of non-repatriate net profit of $580 million, non-new crown products growing steadily: the elimination of the new crown-related business, and the company ' s actual revenue in the first three quarters of 2024.
The increase of 5.7 per cent over the same year was driven by a steady increase in the number of innovative drugs, the suspension of the puking product O'Connor, the stabilization of the potassium ion-competitive acid agent product, the long-acting restructuring of the human particle cell cluster Irrigation factor Pepine, the anti-mortological pd-1 product Hanstrom (Sruley monooplasty), and the drugs car-t Qaeda.
Multifactors contributed to a significant increase in the q3 single-season net profit: (1) 23q3 offset by a lower base period for new crown-related product assets; (2) change in the product structure of the company, with a 2.5 percentage point increase in the q3 Māri ratio and a 5.8 percentage point decrease in the same ratio, with a 0.9 percentage point decrease in the cost of sales, mainly relative
The research and development of innovative medicines is continuing: in the third quarter, several products have been approved for listing or have been accepted for listing.
The company's curtooths are listed in Canada, injected with a type-a botulinum toxin (Dassife) in Canada, and is expected to be placed on the market next year for the treatment of the sbk010 oral solution in the brain.
In terms of progress in research and development, hlx11 (reconfigured antiher2 structural domainii human-sourced monolithic resistance) has reached the ii phase of the main clinical research endpoint, hlx53 (anti-tigit fc integrated protein) has entered the ii phase of clinical treatment, and Scruley's anti-combined beryllium therapy is used for first-line treatment transitioning.
In addition, the company’s 23-priced pneumonia and double human rabies vaccine was approved in the domestic clinic. Profit predictions: looking ahead, companies’ innovative products are beginning to harvest, and the income structure will continue to improve.
Internationalization also opens up space for future growth, and companies are also actively optimizing R & D pipelines, shares hpe 12x10x/9x, shares a are valued reasonably, shares h are undervalued, and we give a/h shares a “buy-in” rating of investments.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose.