Three-quarterly performance evaluation 2024 Recovering medicine (stock code: 600196) Related products, operating income increased by 6 per cent in the same year; achieving a net return to the mother of $2.011 billion, a decline in the same year
The company focuses further on new drugs and high-value devices, boosts the operation of lean operations, lower efficiency and lightly quantifying assets, and 24q3 returns the same amount: Chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn
2 pc, 22 per cent sales, 1 pc, 10 per cent management, 2 pc, 7.5 per cent R & D, 3 pc, 3 pc, investment in associated and joint ventures, Song Liao
The combined effect of the disposal of new crown-related products, assets with signs of impairment, and the preparation of corresponding assets for impairment, as well as lower returns on joint venture investments over the same period of the year, was a marked improvement in the cash flow from operating activities. Net cash flows from operating activities were realized in the first three quarters of 2024.
Two hundred and eighty-seven million yuan, a 21 per cent increase over the same period, is due mainly to changes in operating profits and the contribution of optimized supply chain management and improved operational efficiency, sustained progress in innovation transformation and the development of innovative products, and the growth of innovation medicine.
On the development side, with a sustained focus on the dominant line, optimized R&D project management and allocation of resources, R&D investment amounted to R&D 3,915 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2024, at a cost of 2,648 million yuan.
In September 2024, China was approved for the second adaptive treatment of the aphrodisiac aphrodisiac, and in September 2024, China was approved for temporary improvement of 50 per cent of the reinstallation of Kate with frowned browsing and/or drowsing for adults.
Specially 100% of the stake, Katsuka will also continue to work with Kitepharma on the development and commercialization of licensed products axi-cel (the already marketed product “Keda”) and brezu-cel (the project fkc889) in China and Hong Kong and Macao.
Investment proposals: Company listing is rich in products and covers a wide range of areas, increasing sales and sales of high-yield biopharmaceuticals as anti-cancer products are marketed, while companies continue to develop larger and smaller molecules.
Demand recovery is less than expected; product sales are less than expected; and research and development is less than expected. (600196.sh): Innovative drug plates show good performance and continue to be transformed. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Song Liqiang, a Master of Public Health from the University of Gangan, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2024, with in-depth research in the areas of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicine industries. This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.