The price of the Px continues to rise, and the profitability of the gold rises.
According to crowd data, spot prices for the main Chinese port of China continue to rise, to the present level of $991 yuan/tonne, a 25.3 per cent increase over the low price at the beginning of July 2017, px price increases are still on the rise, profitability is on the rise, and corporate gold petrochemicals contribute to stabilizing profits.
Since then, the price of px in China’s main port has been rising continuously for nine months; from $791 per ton at the beginning of July 2017 to about $413 per ton at present. At an average of $300 per ton of processing costs in the industry, the domestic level of profit from the px plant is now $113 per ton, and has recovered from the profit/loss balance.
The work rate was stable at 75 per cent, with fewer in-country repairs in the first half of the year, with more intensive repairs in the second quarter of the Japanese and Korean business installations, and only two sets of 2 million tons of px devices in the first half of the year in Saudi Arabia and Viet Nam, taking into account the current trend in the pta industry, which compares with 300 per cent in depth.
With more than 80% of the start load, px prices are expected to stabilize at the current level. Gold petrochemicals in the company have 1.6 million tons of px capacity, using fuel oil mixed with petrocephalus, with the objective of reducing the cost of px production by increasing the proportion of fuel oil fed.
The pta industry continues to warm up, looking at a return to profitability in 2018, which directly benefits the company. The pta industry has been warming since 2017, with an average price of $5,754 per ton in 2018, up from the same period in 2017.
Only 2.2 million tons of company petrochemicals have been added in the country for the past two years, and the recovery of the Chinese pyrochemical and phoenix petrochemical devices has been difficult to meet the growth of downstream polyester production in 2018, and we hope that next year the pattern of supply and demand in the pta industry will continue to improve. The company has more than 6 million tons of pta equity, with an average processing fee of less than 500 yuan per tonne.
The Zhejiang petrochemical project has been steadily moving forward and will be the focus of the company's performance in the future. The Zhejiang petrochemical construction project, with a total of 10.4 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons, 2.8 million tons of ethylene, 1.4 million tons of benzene, and 1.4 million tons of ethylene.
The high degree of integration in refining of the petrochemical project and the energy consumption of the petrochemical project aromatic hydrocarbons are at the forefront of the industry, with a future of three, profit projections and investment proposals.
The industry boomed in 2018 and the px and pta industries continued to warm, with the company producing 1.6 million tons of px and more than 6 million tons of pta equity.
Productive capacity will benefit fully, continuing to maintain a “highly recommended” rating. Decentralized, continuing to recommend agro-plate projects at a slower pace than expected; the risk of a sharp fall in pta prices; and the risk of a significant fall in px prices.
4. Predictions for company financial statements
Lilly Cao, Bachelor of Applied Chemistry, Nakayama University, Master of Engineering Management, Duke University, joined the People’s Democratic Securitization Team in September 2017.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,