In the afternoon of 29 June 2022, the company held its headquarters in Suzhou in 2021 and accelerated recovery in the second half of the year.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, we expect the company to recover faster in the second half of the year. Through solid work during the 13th Five-Year Period and 2021, the company has a good basis for catching up and breaking through development.
This is a breakthrough in the scale, efficiency and contribution of sales, which brings together the powerful power of the first three. The share of low-lying countries is still growing, with young consumers, and groups are more fond of low-lying cellars, especially in the east of the country.
Quick. There are new developments in the 60th edition of the special, the old character and the new black caps, 1952 and the high light. The overall medium is expected to perform well.
The area needs to be further strengthened. Business plan 2022: In the run-up to the business recovery, the top five things for the future: first, brand: a two-brand strategy, goods.
Second, at the end of the product: focus on the five monoliths, the cellars, and the specials. Third, at the end of the price: the country's followers' strategy, the specials are expected to enter the 400-dollar price belt. Fourth, at the end of the channel: the branding model works well.
Fifth, regional expansion: a national catch-up board, a continuous war and an eastward map. The firm is now firmly focused on "two brands, three "Creatures" and the "Kinzhou Trench" event evaluation report: Super-performance.
Departmental, monolithic, comprehensive promotion of the nationalization market layout and the base market. Report of an event evaluation of the Cedars (000568), 2021: a major breakthrough in the “South East Map” strategy, with the first three goals unchanged.
Successful collection, looking forward to opening the door — 2022-03-11, " Report on the event evaluation in the Penthouse (000568), Implementation of the Equity Incentives Programme, Towards a New Era " , 2022-02-20
Report on the Event Review of the Cedars (000568), End of Equity Stimulus, Further Improvement of Corporate Governance - 2021 - Macroeconomic Downside Risks, Epidemic Delays in Consumption, Unexpected Growth of the Country's Passengers, voivodeships
Study on the dynamics of the old cellar (000568), Renovation, Food and Beverage Group, Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, four years of experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, gathering
Caramel plates, in-depth study of the White Wine industry, etc., have been employed in the short-term potentials of the State Trust in Securities, New Age Securities, China Sea, and have been hard at thinking about the White Wine plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into Soho. What's the word: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, Master of Laws, University of Warway, United Kingdom, with a double master of law, economics, etc.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.