We're going up, and we're going to have a good opening.
The announcement that 2022q1 achieved revenues of $6.31 billion, a 26 per cent increase in the same year, recorded net profits of $2.88 billion, a 32.7 per cent increase in the same year. Throughout 2021, the firm maintained a good upward trend by handing over the first reply of the 14th Five-Fifteen, guided by the development approach of “Twice brands, Three Systems, Big Ones.”
Single, brand matrix perfected, strategic new items such as 1952 and Black cover were introduced, and brand influence was significantly increased as the sales of the camps advanced, with high-end alcohol earning 18.4 billion, 29.22 per cent more than the year, volume prices increased by 25.4 per cent and 3 per cent, respectively, and other alcohol earning 2.02 billion less than 9 per cent less than the same year, mainly receiving two.
The impact of the sale has been reduced. The ratio of medium- and high-end white wine has increased by 3.56 percentage points to 90.12 per cent, and the economies of scale in the corporate reporting period have been further enhanced by structural optimization, guided by the concept of precision marketing, with the same cost falling by 1.18 percentage points to 22.17 per cent over the same period, and the cost of major sales has decreased by 1.12 percentage points over the same period.
During the first quarter of 2022, driven by spring returns and sound sales, the company successfully opened its doors, branding was up to 86.4 per cent of the cost, subject to the cost of equity incentives, and the management rate increased by 0.43 percentage points to 4.38 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but the sales rate decreased by 2.82 percentage points on a year-on-year basis owing to steady investment in marketing costs.
In 2021, the company continued to deepen its internal reforms, and during the year, it established the Great Fragrance Marketing Company, launched a stock-incentive scheme, further refined its brand and product matrix, and made a steady move back to the top three objectives of the industry. We believe that the company will accelerate further this year to speed up marketing breakthroughs and managerial effectiveness.
Breakthrough, in the short term, the company’s performance is expected to grow faster as the epidemic improves and consumption recovers, despite the two-quarter epidemic and the traditional low season. It is expected that net profits will be realized separately in 2022-2023. The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.