\triangleright, 29/04/04/2022
In 2021, the company firmly pursued the development requirements of “pre-market marketing” and promoted a virtuous growth in business size and profitability.
Yao Qinjiang continued to grow rapidly, leading to a rise in the company's Māori ratio; low-end alcohol generated 2.02 billion yuan, equivalent to 8.7 per cent, benefiting from low-end product adjustments, with an increase of 89 per cent in tonnage; and a 1573-scale increase in the size of the country's customers and branding of the country's guests.
Continued upswing, with a steady downswing of 1.12 pct in 2021, the company ' s sales costs. \triangleright Division ' s Big Monument cellar, 1573, maintains a rapid growth rate of about 920 yuan in the current high cellar market, a low-lying country.
The market price of the cellar is about $640, the market price is stable, the pipeline stock is good, looking forward to 2022, the low-lying capital of the country, the 2021 performance report of the old cellar of the Länder (000568.sz). The northern market of the marketing district of Hua is expected to continue to grow faster and the south-west market of the high-lying cellar is expected to grow steadily.
The size of the cellar is nationalized, regionalized, and there's still room for weak market upgrades, and the cellar is expected to be built up.
As we move eastwards southwards, we continue to break through such markets as Washington, D.C., and the New Plumbing State cellar has a price of $1952 for $900.
3. Half-yearly review of the Quinton cellar (000568), 2021: "The state cellar is bright and the popular wine marketing reform is right."
In the first quarter of the year, the company's product structure continued to go up and down with the cost of sales, and profit elasticity was continuously released, equity was reported in the first quarter of the year: high-end product growth was bright, and the guest, New 5.
Review: High-end products are growing rapidly, and the cellar is expected to draw conclusions from the new methodology and analytical logic, to produce the report independently and objectively, and to be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.