Photovoltaic integration taps, steady wins, futures are covered for the first time on 27th of May 2021.
After 19 years of “a return”, the company entered a period of rapid growth, accelerated the pace of expansion of its production capacity and, through cost and technological advantages, kept its components in the top three segments of the industry.
In view of the profitability of integrated enterprises, the future pattern is better under the barriers of experience and size: a single-watt cost advantage of the market value of a share in the flow to a professional group (millions of dollars). We believe that the profitability advantage of an integrated enterprise will be at par.
In addition, integrated enterprises have strong experience and scale barriers, with more than 15 years of industry accumulation plus 5 to 1 billion/gw investment, and new entrants are hard to form.
Accomplishing advantage, as future industrial expansion accelerates, integrated competition patterns will prevail over other areas. New output accelerates delivery, increasing output and falling costs: after a return, corporate finance capacity rises and production expansion accelerates, with head wrappings, silicon silicon silica, Yiu, Yang, Ningjin, Viet Nam, and others.
The production of Shanghai batteries and components is expected to be 32/32/40gw by the end of the year, with a substantial increase in the company’s capacity to own silicon/cells/assemblies. At the same time, new production capacity has a greater cost advantage than old capacity, and the price of raw materials has fallen, with the company group expected to be in place for 23 years.
q3 performance is expected to pick up when the prices of secondary materials fall down: q2 silicon prices rise sharply and corporate profitability is affected, but we believe that glass and other bulk commodity prices slip under q3 and will increase the price of silicon by about 7%/w of the component cost compared to q2.
Glass price falls by about 3-4 points/w, other accessories and raw materials by about 3 points/w, company profits increased significantly over 20 years, based on the company's leading position in a photovoltaic integrated enterprise, covering risk factors for the first time: policies in the photovoltaic industry are less than expected; the company's productive capacity is not released as expected; technological change is taking place.
The company is the leader of the photovoltaic industry, formerly the Jinglong Group, which has been in existence for more than 15 years, through years of sedimentation and hair.
By the end of 2020, the company had the capacity to produce 18.4gw silicon, 18.4gw battery and 23gw components. Twenty-one years of export guidance 30gw, which is a significant increase over 20 years, is expected to increase steadily in the future as component capacity reaches 40gw by the end of the year.
In the market, it is considered that the different segments of the photovoltaic industry are highly variable, and that the technological complexity of the production process makes it difficult for integrated enterprises to maintain a better level of profitability at each of the stages, while in the process of technological convergence, integrated enterprises will face a greater blow. But, in our view, integrated enterprises are enterprises that have a large historical accumulation in the industry, through time and time.
The accumulation of experience allows for a deeper understanding of the various production links. At the same time, it will be a powerful barrier to an integrated production model, and it will be difficult for later entrants to form an integrated production model within a short period of time.
30gw, profitability is expected to recover in q3, based on the company’s leading position in a luminous integrated enterprise, with the first recovery in raw material prices and a recovery in corporate profitability; the release of new capacity, with a marked reduction in costs compared to older capacity.
One thick, thin-haired, long-range, global photovolunteer, deep sedimentation in 1.125, forming a vertically integrated tap, was created in 2005 as a former group of crystal dragons, one of China's first photovoltaic companies.
On May 6, the Crystal Dragons Group, Australian Solar and Australian Photovoltaics agreed to create the China-Australia Solar Development Company (subsequently renamed Crystal Solar Co. Ltd.) with 55%, 30%, and 15% equity respectively. Starting with the 1996 Ningjing Jinglong semiconductor plant, with 25 years of steady operation, the crystal Sun is now in operation.
It has grown into a photovoltaic vertically integrated enterprise with industrial chains covering silicon tablets, batteries, components, and photovoltaic power plants.
After 15 years of rapid growth and a steady word, the company quickly took over the market with its photovoltettes, which took only two years to make it public in Nasdak. Since 2010, the company has been in Jiang Su-yun.
By forming silicon and component production bases in Hong Kong and Shanghai, the vertically integrated production model from silicon to components has been initially developed through upstream and downstream extension. Through Europe’s two-inverse, mono-chip races, companies have always maintained a sound business philosophy, smoothing through the industry.
Privatization was suspended, and in 2019, the Shell Sky Association was able to market a stock. 1.2 returna, accelerated expansion, substantial increase in profitability, accelerated expansion of production capacity, and company growth into fast lanes. After the mortgage was put on a stock market, the company’s financing capacity increased, 2020.
In August of that year, the company’s 5.2 billion dollar-dollar project was successfully approved. In just two years, the company returned to a and announced 14 expansion projects, of which 41gw crystals, 49gw slices, 22.1gw batteries and 24.7gw components produced a total of 25,952 million yuan.
Since 2010, the global photovoltaic market has flourished, responding to market demand, a new cycle of expansion of the entire industrial chain, and a rapid expansion of corporate capacity. By the end of 2020, the public silicon produced 18.4gw, the battery produced 18.4gw, and the component produced 23gw, compared to last year ' s silicone, the battery,
The output of the components grew by 6.9gw, 7.4gw and 12gw, respectively. Since 2010, when the company completed its transition from a battery film manufacturer to an integrated enterprise, the external sales of the company ' s battery film continued to decline and the sales of the components grew at a high rate.
High-speed developments in the photovoltaic market in the region, with an increase of 15.88gw in the external sales of company components, by 54.7% in the same year, and a significant increase in the sales of component sales contributed to a high growth in corporate operating income. In 2020, companies achieved operating income of $6,956 million, an increase of 51.51% in the same year; a net return of $157 million was realized, a decrease in the same year.
Since 2015, companies have gradually infiltrated downstream, power stations have been deployed, and revenues from power station operations have been growing. In 2020, the company’s power station operations generated $599 million, or 2.32%. Battery and other operations generated $1,220 million, low-price orders affecting the company’s Māori ratio, and lower glass prices and higher downstream acceptance of high-price components will drive the public out.
Face-to-face influences Māori sales of company components, and as the delivery of 21q2 and subsequent low-price orders returns the company’s gross profits to normal levels, 21q2 low-value orders will not exceed 5% of the total number of orders. Meanwhile, falling glass prices and rising acceptance of high-price components downstream will further contribute to the recovery of Māori ratios for corporate components.
Two hundred million yuan in asset impairment, disposal of end-of-life fixed assets, and $50 million in exchange gains and losses due to exchange rate fluctuations contributed to a decline in net interest rates. 21q1 continued to write down assets at $31 million, resulting in a decline in net interest rate levels by the same ring. Corporate weighted roe levels were declining as a result of the company ' s Māori ratio.
At normal levels, the weighted roe level will gradually be repaired, operating cash flows will decline slightly and inventories will rise gradually. The increase in sales of company components in 2020 led to the sale of goods by companies; cash received in the provision of labour was $21.71 billion, or 14.1 per cent more than in the same year; and net cash flows from operating activities went into 22.7 per cent.
Billion dollars, mainly due to increased cost pressures on components, narrow profit margins, and a further increase in the stock of corporate components, as a result of the concentration of goods in the three or four quarters, and an increase in the company’s quarterly accounts receivable ratio. Since the company’s return to a share in 2019, corporate financing channels and asset structures have improved and asset-liability ratios have been declining.
Division q1 accounts payable, accounts payable and other accounts payable increased. The ratio of company flows, speed ratios, was significantly increased in 2020 by 1.16, 0.89, compared to last year, and corporate solvency increased. This increased by 39.2 per cent, with R & D accounting for 7.5 per cent. In 2020, company R & D was mainly directed to low-oxy heat field projects, large-sized silicon tablets.
For example, projects such as the Transcrystal Slicing Project, the high-efficiency p perc+se battery, the high-mass double-surface high-efficiency battery, the high-capacity 3.0 power component, the high-efficiency superstitting component, etc., are currently producing a high-efficiency 182-11bb single-silicon cell array conversion efficiency of the company ' s flagship product series, which has reached 23.2 per cent, and the high-efficiency of battery conversion from test-line output in the N battery, which is nearly 24 per cent.
Results and speed do not lose to other specialized battery companies, while the cost rate continues to fall, and the company’s control capacity has increased. In 2020, the cost was 9.3%, compared to the same time, and the cost of transportation was adjusted to the operating cost, and the company’s sales costs fell significantly.
The decline is mainly due to a decrease in the size of the company’s interest-bearing liability, stable management and R&D rates. Equity structure is stable, and the realist q1. As of 2020, the Chairman of the company, Paul, formed a relative control through 50.22% of the stockholding in the Jing Taefu system.
There's still a good long logic in the landscape, both within and outside the sea, where the domestic double carbon target is clear, and the 14th Plan identifies incremental amounts to ensure that the double carbon target is met, and the "5th and 4th" accelerates the clean energy transition.
Under this heading, the electricity sector is a priority sector for carbon emission reductions, and since power generation is the source of most of the carbon emissions in the electricity sector, the task of reducing emissions in the electricity sector is enormous, but the clear direction is to gradually reduce the share of electricity in the fire, which obliges the electricity sector to reach carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, and ease the pressure on other industries to reduce carbon emissions in advance.
Information, the “Five or Four” power generation group added more than 78.5 gw to the clean energy loader in 2020, and the total size of the clean energy load exceeded 541.9gw. The country's power-discharge clean energy loader, 98.88gw, ranked first. The largest share of the clean energy loads was found in the middle and the three gorges, 100% and 94.7%, respectively, to ensure the achievement of the double carbon target.
Detailed “145” clean energy loading plans were developed year by year, with groups accounting for between 40 and 60 per cent of clean energy by 2025, and with the exception of the National Energy Group, the “5th and 4th” clean energy loadings continued to grow at a high rate in 21 years, after power generation groups committed to taking off their clean energy loading by 2025.
After a very intense seizure, the market was pessimistic about this year’s loading, but in 21 years’ current loading, there was no cliff breakdown. The 14th Five-Year Plan for the major power generation groups determined that the 21-year loading target is still free from the cycle at a flat price, and the 21-year photovoltaic 70gw is available.
Photovoltaics have become a weak cycle industry. This year ' s January-April photovoltaic installation of 7.08gw, after 12.4gw in 2018, is significantly higher than the 2019 level of 5.5gw in 2019 and the 2020 level of 4.59gw in 2020, and given the steep rise in the price levels of the industrial chain in the first half of this year, the circular on matters related to wind power, photovoltaic power development and construction, specifies that 2021 is no less large than the provinces (districts, municipalities)