In 22 years, a modest 2.15 per cent increase in revenue was recorded, and the digital economy and demand are growing in time.
Twenty-two years are influenced by multiple factors, and companies are under pressure throughout the year. Twenty-two years, according to the company’s performance report, are looking ahead, and a recovery in the digital economy and demand is expected to drive multidimensional domestic business growth.
The government’s digital economy is expected to heat up the public service community (pbg), and the 22-year extension project is expected to be phased in; the business community (ebg) is expected to follow the business figures.
Unleashing demand to accelerate growth, and the smart building will continue to be repaired as the economy recovers, s09805221001; the SME business community (smbg) is expected to improve with SMEs later in the recovery
The recovery in demand is expected to contribute to the gradual rehabilitation of the c-end business, and the overall growth of innovation is expected to continue at a rapid pace.
The 22 years of successful landing of the fluorescent network, the Heicon robotic plan, and the market split, 3022 corporate innovation has grown by 18% in total business under pressure. With the exception of the negative growth in demand at the bottom of the head of smart households, the rest of the innovation business has continued to grow better.
For 23 years, it is expected that the C-end business, represented by the Firestone Network, will resume with demand. The corporate innovation business will grow faster.
Latin America and Asia are growing faster and developing countries’ share of business is gradually increasing. Developing countries’ access costs are lower than in developed countries, while some product-based project-based demand helps to optimize their overseas business structures.
The power will be reduced, internal management will be optimized and improved, and operational efficiency will be improved gradually. Investment proposal: With the digital economy and the recovery of demand, we look at the corporate smart mix as a whole.
Net profit from the mother is 128.27/16297/1940.5 million, and the current share price corresponds to 7.4 per cent growth in the first three quarters of the year, respectively, in Heiconway (002415.sz) - Smart Conveyance, alot continues to open up - Heiconway (002415.sz) - Year-on-year increase of 7.4 per cent in the previous three quarters.
"Hiconway (002415.sz) - the resilience of overseas operations and the opening of new innovations." "Hiconwalds (002415.sz)-21 and 1022 are growing steadily.
Figure 3: Corporate net profit return and increase over the last five years (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 4: Company Māori rate and net interest rate over the last five years (in %, per cent) Figure 5: Company cost over the last five years (%)
Figure 6: Companies ' R & D inputs and their share of revenues over the last five years (millions of yuan, %) Authors ensure that data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future