The pharmaceutical group optimized the structure of the pharmaceutical income, the momentum for innovation optimized the structure of the pharmaceutical plate and the share of new products exceeded 30%.
1. “Retrostar Medicine Stock Assessment - Recovering Bothai's entry into mainland China and receiving 30.8 billion yuan in pharmaceutical plates from Chinese citizens, an increase of 6.6 per cent in the same year, representing 70 per cent of total income;
2. Re-Star Medicines Review - Anti-Physics Varieties Add New Dollars with 15.81 per cent of total income; Medical Health Services Board receipts of $6.08 billion, equal to 3. Re-Star Medicines Assessment - Hanns-American Rights, Test Water pd-1 Out of the Sea.
A small 0.8 per cent decrease over the same period, while Māori for pharmaceutical/tool diagnostic/health services (2) optimized pharmaceutical plate structure and released revenues from innovative medicines. Innovative drug plates and secondary products have continued to grow rapidly, accounting for more than 30 per cent of the pharmaceutical business and 25 per cent more than the same year.
The company continues to raise the value of pipelines and promote more research and development and commercialization of fic and bic products.
With $30.14 billion, or 68.29 per cent of total income, the corporate internationalization strategy has progressed steadily in the face of the many challenges posed by the revenue of regions and countries outside the continent. Several bds have come to the ground last year, working with Anjin Otaire and Parsabiv.
Injecting fluids in the Itkat (ITK) resulted in exclusive commercialization cooperation in China and successively granted extraterritorial licences to companies such as organon, eurofarma and abbott for a total of $78 million in initial payments.
Following the introduction of such important new products as Han Coo-Yu, many innovations have made positive progress in the research pipeline. The public sector’s research and development portfolio has grown strongly, rising by 13.62% to $5.09 billion in the same year, with more than $2 billion in market potential from Hans, Qatar, Han Likang, etc.
In the pipeline, 90 innovative drug projects, with more than 30 molecular entities, cover areas such as oncology immunity, slowness and cns, where the share of fic+bic products exceeds 80 per cent.
Given that post-company innovation drugs are expected to continue to contribute to the growth in performance, we expect that research and development and marketing of new products will fall short of expectations, that competition in products will increase the risk, that the seaboard process will be less than expected, that bio-innovation collections will be subject to price reduction, that bd will be blocked, and that shareholders will be less exposed to risk.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market