Wang Wei Chul (600196.sh/2196.hk) Scruley's single anti-heavy-pound adaptive has been approved, maintaining a "buy-in" rating.
The company issued an announcement that its controlling subsidiary, the Hans-like (i.e. Sruli single anti-injection fluid) combined carpium and Itopotone, applied to the first line of treatment for widespread cytocellular lung cancer (es-sclc), was approved by the National Drug Surveillance Authority.
The first pd-1 to be treated first-linely for small-cell lung cancer, with the effect that this was approved, made the public Scully single-line pd-1 to be approved globally for small-cell lung cancer, ushering in a new era of immunisation for small-cell lung cancer, where we believe the company will have an obvious adaptive condition.
The number of new cases of lung cancer is 2.2 million and the number of new cases of lung cancer is 1.8 million, the highest number of deaths. Small-cell lung cancer (sclc) accounts for about 15% of the total number of lung cancers, is the most invasive subtype in lung cancer, clinical conditions are deteriorating rapidly and overall ill-prepared.
os (total survival period) less than a year, multiple pd-1s have not made a breakthrough in cytopulmonary cancer adaptation. The Sluly Unit has a median os of 15.8 months, a 4.7 month extension over the control group, a 38% reduction in the risk of death of Slulli Unit patients, and the results of the study.
It is clear that the combined catholic-Itopodone frontline treatment has benefited a wide range of small-stage cytopulmonary cancer patients who have not been treated in the past. Multi-adaptive and global multi-centre clinicals will widen the market space: the company Scruley is now fighting.
Three adaptive disorders have been approved for microsatellite highly unstable (msi-h) physical tumors, staircase non-small cell lung cancers (nsclc) and extensive stage small cell lung cancers (es-sclc), and 10 combination therapies are currently being clinically administered with the Slouli monolithic cancers (escc) on the domestic market.
It has been submitted that we believe that the market space for this product will continue to increase with the approval of new adaptive conditions. In addition, company Scruley has opened 128 test centres in several countries around the world, 31.5% of which are in groups of white people, and the company ' s multi-clinical findings are already four of the largest in the world.
One of the top medical journals, the American Medical Association Journal, was published, recognized by the international academic community, and the company launched a Sluly Standard-Logistic First-line treatment in the United States of America for the Adeli shell bill against the head-to-head bridge experiment at es-sclc and recently completed the first case of patient delivery, which we believe to be public.
With excellent treatment, the Division’s products will also benefit from the EU and the US markets in the future. Profit predictions: looking ahead, companies’ innovative products are entering the harvest period, revenue structures will continue to improve, internationalization will open the door for future growth, and a new two-priced vaccine will be introduced in Hong Kong and Australia.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
The information in this report has not been independently verified.