Three-quarter reviews in 2024: Hepatic medications performed well, with a net profit of 2.715 billion yuan (+11.25 per cent); the company received 2.8 billion yuan in single-q3 quarters; hepatic medications performed well and cosmetic plates increased their speed.
In the first three quarters of 2024, $4,283 million (+20.24 per cent) was received in cardiovascular medicine.
With $268 million (+11.66 per cent), single-q3-quarter hepatitis and cardiovascular drugs are increasing faster than in the first half of the year. The rate of Māori for hepatitis and cardiovascular drugs has declined, as a result of factors such as higher prices for upstream raw materials.
In the past three months, the cosmetics industry has made a remarkable performance of $525 million (+21.92%) in the first three quarters of 2024, and companies have been investing in pearls, pearls and white and white creams, which have sold more than a billion items a year ago.
Sustained reduction of efficiency gains and high profitability. In 2024, single q3 company Māori performance was sustained with short-term pressure to build a strong line (+0.29 pct), mainly controlled by various cost rates: 2.96 per cent (-) of which sales cost was 2.96 per cent (-).
After a steady increase in prices, Andre's sales were high at $1.8 billion (11.81%), but there was an increase in online profitability, with the Māori rate increasing by 11.32 pct compared to the same period last year. As of the first half of 2024, the “Piños” were in the liver of the Skycat and the Gyeongdong Platform.
The platform won “Hong Kong's pharmaceutical brand list number 1” and “Overseas medicine list number 2” respectively. On the basis of the distribution of the online channels, which cover nearly 400 Chinese pharmacies across the country, it helped to implement the project “Best Medical Clinic” project, the Science Bureau's “Best Medical Clinic” and the “Best Medical Clinic” in China.
The Pharmacy, which has a rich distribution network, has established a strategic partnership with a number of well-known head chains to achieve end-door coverage of more than 100,000.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: considering the impact of the rise in raw materials on profits, among other things, we will go public.
For the most expensive drug, we look forward to the growth under double-channel construction and maintain the “buy-in” rating. Less than expected risks, less than expected, and less than expected consumption of medium- and high-end drugs.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.