q3 core products are growing and demand is becoming more resilient.
The demand for the company ' s core products is more resilient if they are driven by sales; since the return to the production and marketing of the Angkor, in 2020, the company has made full use of brands, products and channels to fast-track the sale of a piece of the Quai's Quantico's Queen's max over a billion dollars in order to become a new level of growth in addition to the main product.
The growth of core products is robust, the rate of Maori pressure, the development of power channels, the strengthening of blank links, 2023 & 2024q1: high growth of core varieties and loss of cosmetics.
In January-September, the company built a more dynamic channel. On the link, the company's wholly-owned subsidiaries are healthy, and the rate of growth is high, and the technology is under pressure to convene a retail strategic partnership conference in July to accelerate the expansion of retail outlets.
A robust growth of core operations, improved Māori coverage, increased full product-based collaboration with national or regional champions such as Gauju, Guozhou, Gansude Hall, Sichuan Masakazu, and over-covering stores
By the end of September, the company had been able to open a medical clinic or a medicine clinic in the country, and over 600 of its partners had set up projects and entered the renovation process.
Importing raw materials is expected to alleviate the pressure on the Maori rate The decline in the Maori rate and the rise in the price of scarce raw materials are associated with the National Drug Control Authority, June 2024
The Office of the General Customs Administration is publicly seeking advice on matters related to the granting of permission to import cow and yellow for use in the production of Chinese medicine.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: company core product pieces are scarce, new product Anemon is competitively competitive and cosmetics are performing well. According to company announcements, projected risk factors: insufficient supply of raw materials: resource constraints, price increases versus raw materials
(b) The risk of underdevelopment: the company has several new drugs, the product is pre-clinical, and is in the clinical research phase. Due to the special nature of drug research and development, it has a long, multi-cycle, multi-prong cycle.
High-risk characteristics and vulnerability to certain unpredictable factors; lack of growth of the ammonium macaroni pill; perceived risk: multiple brands in the ammonium macaroni market and late listing of company products Balance sheet (millions of dollars)