The cost pressure is expected to reduce the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company published three-quarterly reports in 2024, which resulted in a gross operating income of $8.45 billion in the first three quarters of 2024, and diversified distribution channels, multi-specule expansion of the product matrix. The revenue for the third quarter alone was $2.8 billion, a 9.6 per cent increase in the same year. Specifically, the company earned $4.28 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 20.2 per cent.
The main reason for the increase in the income from cardiovascular medicine of 270 million yuan per annum, compared with 11.7 per cent, is the company's intensive planning and expansion of marketing channels. Since 2024, all of the company's “spheres” have been upgraded to “swipes” in order to optimize the brand image system, while working with a number of well-known drug chains in the head.
The current terminal covers more than 100,000 countries, and the company has stepped up its overseas market openings, actively reaching out to its partners in Cambodia, Viet Nam, Singapore, Argentina, and other countries.
In the previous three quarters, the cosmetics business generated $530 million (+21.9%), mainly in the company’s ongoing construction of cosmetics projects and the construction of cosmetics products such as pearls, pearls, whites and creams.
The company’s Māori rate was 45.4% in the first three quarters, with a simultaneous decline of 3 pp, of which 66.9% in the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry and 8.4 pp in the same year, mainly because the supply of raw materials of importance to the company increased the price because of demand.
Data from the Internet show that the price of natural yolk rose from 500,000 yuan/kg in early 2023 to a maximum of 1.65 million yuan/kg in June 2024.
The liberalization of the import policy has helped to increase the supply of the country’s natural cow and yellow, to control the price of the cow and yellow price, to control the cost of the product, and to improve the level of profitability.
The company insists on STI as the central driver of enterprise development, pzh2113, which is intended to be used for the treatment of lymphoma (dlbcl), which is the dominant mass b cellular lymphoma/irresistible non-hodgkin lymphoma. In addition, it is co-located with Shanghai Pharmacy Ltd.
The development of a new drug, pzh2107 (lds), for the treatment of fibrous muscle pains, completed the first phase of clinical trials and obtained the Clinical Study. At present, a number of young people are in the critical research phase of the new drug project, with three new chemicals, one new drug, one new drug, one new drug, and one new drug, one new drug, one new drug, one new drug, and one new drug, one new drug, 1.2.
At the same time, the company has been active in exploring the clinical advantages of the platinum and the dominant species in the direction of liver disease, oncology, inflammation, and antiviral diseases, and has carried out more than 30 pharmacological studies, including the treatment of viral infections, and more than 10 clinical studies, such as the treatment of pre-existing liver cancer in the late- and late-stage phase of the treatment.
(600436): Actively expanding retail outlets, worth billions of yuan, $4.43 billion, equivalent to 46, 39 and 33 times the amount of pe. Given the better pattern of competition for the products, and the expected cost of falling down, the future performance will continue to grow steadily, maintaining the “buy” of pe.
No compensation of any kind, directly or indirectly, will be obtained for the apparent performance of the ammonium mash (2023-11-02) nor for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.