Disaggregation of tracking data: The number of entries in the public domain is weak, the trend is slightly better than expected, the data in the public domain has been tracked since March 2018, 1) the network has been very strong since 2018, and the decline has been even more pronounced since then, and there are no visible signs of heat recovery; 2) it is transmitted in terms of the exposure rate of the network.
50% of all ads, 30% of all ads, one of the market value (millions of dollars) in the 2018 joint news magazine Top 10: half of the new brand (input ads); and 3) below the number of new ads on the network after 2019.
Slip, traditional ads are unrepairable, and the new a3\a4 network has no significant increase in revenue. In addition, the number and quality of entries are better than expected from the data on the sites that track the new tide.
Some of the advertising overlaps with the crowds, and there is a tendency to rob the escalators of the advertising budget. At a dark moment, can the crowds reverse? 1) At the cost end, between 2018q2 and 2019q2 is the peak of the cost and the company's reverse.
The trend towards cyclical expansion has slowed, with relatively fixed costs in later quarters and a shift in performance focus towards income generation; (ii) at the end of the collection, stock point attendance was high in 2018, based on a large base, loss of new brands in the short term and a lack of traditional brands, stock point income risked falling, and its recovery could restore revenue but not.
Quarterly Performance Review: q1 precalculations do not account for the increase in revenue. The increase depends on the addition of new posts, although the channel value of the escalator remains unchanged, “To the dark moment” 2019.03.29
But the advertising owner's budget allocation is relatively stable, and the period of the new dot income climbs is prolonged. The stock dots are up and running, and the fluctuations are going down and the new dots are going up and down.
3) Data monitoring backstreams are key to the ladder upgrades, helping to rob advertising budgets & price increases. The rate rises, 2019.02.27, the value of corporate channels remains the same, but short-term coverage is insufficient, there is not enough hedge against rigid costs, and there is no shortage of them.
The 20-fold goal of the Ilyongjin Division is downgraded to “possession”.
The company ' s overall access points are under-represented, the harvest is increasing at a slower rate than expected, and market competitors continue to take advantage of the market ' s ability to improve.
The annual number of new places is insufficient and the ability to generate income is not yet effective. We use the 2017 number of company points, which is 42 per cent (79.48 per cent), and the advertising is dominated by a combination of points, which is static weekly, while the lcd network has only 229,000 sites (15.03 per cent), with 36 per cent in urban areas.
In 2017, there were only two " a "a " series, with a weekly dynamic change, and more data tracking. Why is there a 1-line network: according to our tracking data, the number of sites in the first-line city (including the new line) of the Icd network is up to 58%, the core of the network ' s revenue generation; the network was only available until 2018?
For two (acha2), a1 network is a national coverage network covering more than 100 + in urban areas, while a2 covers a relatively limited number of cities, mainly in second-line cities, where traffic is better. The distribution of the network is in the cities, where the broadcast is most effective, and captures the first-line city, a1 network.
The core of the network also has a central impact on the entire building business. 58% of the first-line cities on the 2lcd network site are in the country.
The number of cities covered by the Icd network in 2017 20 plus one-second-line cities a1 network
A2 Associated News, 1.2 points Associated Journal Track: Once strong, now weak, Network News is down: according to our statistics, in the first three quarters of 2018, a1 Associated Journal was launched in Shanghai.
The average was 26.4, 27.3 and 26, respectively, and the average for January-March 2019 was 11. From April-October 2018, the weekly number of HFs was maintained at more than 25, and in November it began to fall to around 20, although it recovered in December.
The overall number of entries has fallen significantly since 2019, and there has been no apparent return to the warmer trend. The total number of advertisements in 2018 was more than 200, the most exposed being Rissing: we measure the exposure of advertisements on the A1 network by using the “weekly * airing” (the theoretically represents the percentage of income recognition), of which Rísin was the most exposed.
Coffee received the highest level of exposure (14.43 per cent), followed by Kentucky (11.49 per cent), rum (7.02 per cent), melon used vehicles (5.88 per cent), Miyot (4.14 per cent), bullets (3.45 per cent), McDonald's (2.97 per cent), Bocture (2.71 per cent), Unilever (2.7 per cent) and the United States of America (2.64 per cent), with more than 200 advertisements exposed.
The total number of cases is approximately 42.57%. We measure the exposure in 2018 (3.18-12.31) as compared to Top10 and Ctr, which cost ten times more for elevator TV advertising in 2018.
Quinton Businesstown, play a car, Kendrick.
The highest proportion is found in traditional types of advertising, but the proportion of “inventive” advertising is more than 30 per cent. In terms of advertising exposure, the share of traditional types of advertising (traditional advertisers such as day-to-day & lull-in cars) is 46.19 per cent, while the share of “inventive” advertising (with new brand owners financed) is 38.55 per cent, and the share of the Basjs in advertising is about 10.31 per cent.
The ratio of “inventive” advertising was increased by the year-round concentration in 2018, with traditional advertising, “inventive” advertising and Batj advertising reporting rates of 53.98 per cent, 28.18 per cent and 12.04 per cent, respectively, excluding the abnormal value.
Figure 8 2018: A1 Associated Network advertising exposure ratio: Figure 92018: Disaggregated advertising exposure ratio of all types of advertising exposure ratio of all types of advertising exposure of all types of advertising after graduation of Rusin coffee.
The automobile industry was the largest so-called "innovator" of the network in 2018 (after cutting out Rushin's coffee), with the rise in the standard of living of the population and the rise in auto holdings, and the boom in the automobile industry after 2018 (car maintenance and automobile finance and second-hand rentals, etc.), with the successful financing of the brand, relying on advertising to boost the momentum.
According to our statistics, the combined exposure of post-seven car advertisers is 18.15%, accounting for about 65% of the total “inventive” advertising, and the post-car advertisers contribute more to the revenue distribution. In 2019, whether the advertisers will be able to maintain their sustained commitment to the public and whether there will be a new industry “set” to be tested.
Post-Figure 10 car industry ads show up on the A1 network. Figure 11ctr: After 2018, car industry ads were the most popular in the world of life media. In 2019, "Innovation" ads were "water" and traditional advertisers were not kept up: they were affected by the budget of the year-on-year ads.
q1 is the industry and corporate lean season, with the collection ratios of 2017,q1 and 2018q1, respectively, being 9.38 per cent and 9.88 per cent: but from the data we have seen, the number of company networks appearing after their entry into 2019 is significantly lower than expected, with only 25 per year; in 2018, there were 16 “inventive” advertisements, only 9 in 2019, and a higher rate of brand loss.
More importantly, traditional advertising brands, such as day-sale brands of treasures and Unilever, were published in 2018, in a single week ' s time, in the sea, in the air, in the gold swipe, in the Pantine, in the Qing Yang, in the sauna, and in the Sha Xing, in 2019 and so far (i.e. 2019.1.1-2019.4.8).
Figure 13,218 and 2019a1 Associated Networks, in comparison with the number of brands appearing in the same period of the month, shows that 1.3 points have been added to the list as follows: "Expert capacity" has not yet been opened, and Ali's cooperative guidance has not been visible.
The number of locations increased by some 200,000, with the network a1/a2 expanded to a1/a2/a3/a4; the screen was set up by some 350,000 (in part electronic poster upgrades) with the remainder dominated by the framework.
Independently accepted advertising, the increase in the number of networks corresponds to a greater capacity for individual city advertising, an increase in “productivity” and, in some cases, to a larger flow penetration by the “Golden Master” and the simultaneous deployment of multiple networks (almost 100 per cent annual overlap of individual advertising, less than anticipated new online coverage and not yet fully independent in its outreach)
Figure 14 tracks the close to 100 per cent overlap of the ads of the online series a3 with a1 Associated with the screen tracks of the new posts: they have stabilized at about eight and there has been a recent upward trend, but Ali's current is not significant, the sale of the screens is dominated by a combination of spots, there may be a difference in the postings of the same city's screens, me.
They've chosen the same number of people in the same city for long-term follow-up. From the tracking data from 2019, the overall rate of access to the screens has been low, less than 20% (based on 7 a.m. and 10 a.m.), and it is still to be seen whether it will continue to rise in recent times.
And the binary experiment, where the screen should be the main platform for collaboration between the two parties, with the Ali's mother's platform importing the ad and charging it as a terminal channel, shows that the amount of Ali's exposure is temporarily insufficient (only about one Skycat brand per week) based on the data currently tracked per week.
Figure 15 tracks the number and quality of the new tides, which have fluctuated.
It's also a combination sale, there's a certain difference in status, and single spot data statistics do not represent all of the new points, but it reflects some of the problems of continuity in the number and quality of the new points: the number of entries of the same points is around 9 per week (inclusive).
In the 20 weeks that we've been counting, the serial tot11 is basically a well-known brand, and the so-called small brands are starting to emerge from budget grabs: according to a groupa3 network, a screen and a new wave, we've been tracking every week.
The advertising brands on the screen are basically one or so a week re-advertisements, such as the shopping spots during the 11-hour period, the “brainwashing” commercials that Gyeongdong relied on in 2019, and the intensive teaching of the Shanghai region in March-April. The advertisers’ channel budget is limited, and the choice of multiple platforms on the same type of channels is an inherent predation.
When it comes to `divide', a new wave takes part of the media advertising budget. 2. How does performance reverse at a dark moment? 2.1 The reverse cost of performance: the same acceleration peak continues to q2, and the cost of not expanding is stable.
Depreciation costs for rent and equipment are cumulative monthly fixed costs, which account for about 75% of the company’s monthly operating costs. The company began expanding its position in q2 in 2018, continuing q4, resulting in costs such as rent, equipment, personnel, etc. No longer expanding rapidly, operating costs being relatively fixed, and the key to a reversal of performance being at the pick-up end.
2.2 Reverse end of performance: industry decides to stabilize, incrementally rely on additional points to climb the slopes, channel value remains constant, budget capacity is stable: the logic for considering changes in the company end price is the role of the external channel (ooh) in the overall advertising medium.
There has been no weakening of the ability to divide the budget of the advertiser, with the use of data from the 2007 and 2017 channels for the development of the canals, with the biggest changes being in the Internet and television channels, one by one, while the role of the outdoors (including the escalators and cinemas) has remained essentially unchanged (9 per cent).
The role of the ladder lcd screen in the advertising mix has not changed: there is a convergence of features in the overall outdoors landscape, high access rates, but internalization has also become apparent, with the escalator's advertising spending increasing faster, with the lcd screen playing a significant role in the advertising mix, using Kantar measurements, TV & Net TV & Trailer lcd
The optimal cross-screen combination of screens changed from 6:2 in 2012 to 4:3 in 2018, where the role of the screens was more evident in the “small and medium” scenario category, which is also consistent with the performance of the “brand detonation capability” of the network.
However, the high turnout in 2018, the large base, the downward fluctuations will have a significant impact, following the data that we recorded in November 2018 for the second company in-depth follow-up report, and the 8-hour coverage of the core of the network a1 (the theoretical length of the business building population) exceeded 80 per cent and 15 hours.
In terms of the framework, it is difficult to measure how well the combined network + inventory framework is going to increase, and the advertising industry is becoming more stable or even downwards in a large environment.
The logic of relying on price hikes to drive the harvest is somewhat “pathetic.” The downward fluctuations stem from the lack of a new brand: as we described the status quo (chapter 1.2) of the single month of 2018 and 2019, between 18 March and 8 April 2019, the year 2019.
The decline in the number of “initiative” brands (new brands), which is related to the financing environment, the difficulty of financing new brands and the lack of budget to promote them, has led to a lack of continuity in the placement of new brands in the past year, which, according to ctr, is about 70 per cent lost in the ladder; and traditional advertising is not timely.
To add to this lack, it has been reduced by the impact of the macro-economic environment, typically fast-disposal, plaque, and unpublished by Unilever during the same period. In 2018, the stock position was high, with a large base, with a marked impact on the company’s revenue collection; we have to wait for it to warm up when the value of the channel remains constant.
23 The loss rate of the new brand ladder medium is about 70%.
The TV media, 76.0%, win, the loss rate of the new brand is about 70%.
The cinema video media, 74.9%, will continue to add new spots: the capacity of stock points to generate revenue has been confirmed, the value of the channels remains unchanged, and we are not worried about a significant decline, but new sites will need to be added in time to generate revenue in a context of high rigid costs.
The financing environment behind brands has not improved significantly & traditional advertising has limited budget access, and we believe that the income-generating climb period at the new point may be longer than expected, and that there is no apparent change in the future from the April data we've been tracking : 2.3 Performance reversals: data monitoring returns can capture more advertising budgets & price increases
The traditional outdoor channels (including Trailers and cinemas) are mostly used for brand displays, and their particular scenes have always been an advantage, but they have also limited their value, limited ability to divide advertising budgets, and the increase in the market as a whole has been taken by Internet channels that can be monitored by data (including the budget for advertising on television channels).
Media indicators have evolved, and advertisers have evolved from a simple medium to an indicator of marketing transformation, so the need for data monitoring from the counterpart outdoors has become very urgent. The crowd has begun to try to monitor the return of data: according to our tracking, the company is already in 28 cities across the country.
(c) Reporting back to advertisers and breaking the limit that traditional outdoor advertising data cannot be monitored.
2) Further opening of price space and closer alignment with Internet advertising prices. Figure 25 Monitoring backflows impacting channels to divide advertising budgets. Corporate channel values remain unchanged, but short-term coverage is insufficient, there is insufficient hedge against rigid costs and short-term performance is stressed
The report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author's professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.