The annual report details that overseas earnings are higher than domestic revenues and promote sustainable development at a higher level: 22,755.6 million yuan in business earnings for Heil Jijil in 2021, +8.50 per cent for Heil Jijik (600,690).
The net profit of the mother is 13,367 million yuan, i.e. 47.10% of the year. If you remove the effects of Caos, the public revenue in 2021 is +15.8%; if you remove the effects of the stripping of Caos and the privatization of Hale, the net profit of the mother is laid off.
How do you think overseas earnings outperformed the country? In 2021, Hale Jie's overseas and other areas (operations) for the first time exceeded the continent's operating income, which accounted for 49.2 per cent of the company's operating income.
Heir's overseas for years, home-grown + local construction, investment models that facilitate brand integration into local consumer markets, and that can effectively avoid adverse impacts such as trade barriers while taking advantage of Heir's globalization technology, operations and supply chain platforms.
In the face of the multiple adverse effects of high raw-material costs, high shipping costs, and large fluctuations in exchange rates, the advantages of Heir’s overseas layout have been highlighted. We believe that overseas markets will be at the top of corporate growth in the future.
By upgrading the high end share + optimizing the product structure + optimizing the efficiency of the supply chain, companies succeeded in absorbing the cost pressures of raw materials and spare parts, further increasing the Māori ratio to 31.23 per cent in 2021, and increased R&D investment, with q4 companies costing 2,153 million yuan, or +16 per cent,
Māori upgrades, coupled with well-regulated costs, resulted in companies achieving a year-round net interest rate of 5.81 per cent, a slight decline from +0.41 pct, q4 net interest rate to 5.47 per cent, and -0.5 pct. We believe that the company ' s digital transformation has had a significant impact, with both domestic and foreign organizations ' operating capacity and cost-investment efficiency expected to gain one.
How do you see the sustainability of Heir's development?
1) Increased global share: Haile's R & D, supply chain capacity + home-grown brand calls for a thousand years, three-wing birds will get windy.
There is still a gap of 5-20 points between the city’s top brand, and the market can raise a huge amount of space.Suda Securities Inc. 2) is a coherent set of user-driven values: high-end brands, landscape brands, eco-brand strategies, etc.
Itd has been fully integrated into the three-wing bird, catered to domestic electricity pre-consumptions, scenery, set-up, building No. 1 of the 9th Altitude Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
Point, raising the value of the guest list and leading the future direction of the domestic domestic electricity market. (3) Building new products: new ones such as company dryers, cleaning appliances, new kitchen appliances, etc., provide a sustainable growth driver for companies.
4) Establishment of home recycling and recycling plants, based on sustainability, to promote the need for renewal: The first interconnected plant in the green cycle industry built by Haile will be in operation in 22 years and will be able to dismantle 2 million old appliances each year after delivery, and to promote the upgrading of household power while achieving “carbon neutrality” in green plants.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect companies to earn \triangleright for 22-24 years less than expected, synthesizing/scenario education less than expected, exchange rate fluctuations high,
One: Income analysis: more flowers in overseas markets, more than domestic harvests, more company revenues in 2021 than in 2020 + 15.8 per cent if the effects of Caos are removed; removal of Caos and the private sector.
1. In 2021, for the first time, Hale Jie ' s overseas and other areas (operations) exceeded the continent ' s operating income by billions of yuan, or +22.2 per cent, and realized a profit of 7,456 million yuan, or +27.5 per cent, in business; and there was renewed innovation in the performance of intelligent family operations abroad.
The breakdown of overseas markets shows double-digit growth in operating income for all markets except Japan, with revenues from North America +10.3/+19.5/+17.3/+30.5/+15.0 per cent for North America / Europe/Australia/South Asia/ South-East Asia, respectively, and from the Japanese market of 3,491 million yen, if the ratio of revenues per Japanese yen + 6.3 per cent was raised separately in 21 years for Europe and South Asia as a proportion of Heir's overseas revenues.
Increases of 1.0/0.8 pct. The United States continues to be the largest overseas market, with receipts accounting for 61.8% of the company’s overseas earnings. 2) Sub-products show a double-digit increase in the company’s main production revenues in 2021, with a significant decrease in the size of air conditioning/ Refrigerator/Cookery/Water/Mechanicals.
Figure 6: Hale ' s operating income by product share (%3) in terms of market share, according to Eurydice International data, Hel again ranked first in retail sales of the global home appliances brand, with an overall share in the domestic market of 25.1 per cent, an increase of 2.3 pct, Heir ' s refrigerators, washing machines, water heaters, etc.
In 2021, according to Mid-Ekang, the market share of the company ' s refrigerators/cookers/washers/air conditioners/heat water was +2.1/+1.1/+2.9/+2.5/+3.5 pct, respectively, and the market share of the online market was +2.1/+1.1/+2.9/+2.5/+3.5 pct, respectively. In overseas markets, Hal insisted on a high-end strategy, with high-end sales in the North American market being equal to +2.6 pct, the first week
In South Asian markets, companies maintain their overall market share first; in Japan, the firm's cold market share stands at 16.7%, keeping the industry in the lead. (4) Sub-channels, companies actively seize the opportunity of channel reform, and integrate on-line and off-line, 2021.
Retail sales amounted to $67.2 billion, compared to +28.8 per cent, and ranked first in the industry; underline companies invested in cooking power such as home building materials, social centres, rural areas, etc., with an increase of more than 20 per cent in the distribution channels. According to the overall distribution pattern, direct sales income from overseas increased significantly, from +34.74 per cent to +34.74 per cent, but was affected by increases in shipping fees, higher prices of raw materials, etc.
There has been a slight decline in the Māori rate (-3.94 ptt) of direct sales channels abroad. There has been a small increase in both domestic direct sales and distribution and other revenues, respectively. Figure 10: Māori from different channels and changes (%). II. Profit analysis: properly managed marketing/management costs and steady increase in profitability
Higher end-of-end share + optimized product structure + optimized supply chain efficiency, companies succeeded in absorbing the cost pressures of raw materials and spare parts. In 2021, the household electricity industry was faced with a sharp rise in the price of raw materials such as steel, copper, aluminium, and costs such as shipping, but the Hale thinker relied on his own multi-brand high-end strategic and business layouts for flexibility, 2021.
Company q4 experienced a decline in the average price increase for air conditioners and washing machines to stimulate consumption, with 21q4 air conditioners/washers having a similar price of +8.01/+19.49%, respectively, below the 21-year average increase. At the cost end, the domestic digital transformation was accompanied by the optimization of organizational efficiency and cost efficiency, and overseas market regulations.
Improved modelling and operational efficiency, and improved corporate cost control. Corporate sales/management/R & D/financial cost rates of 16.06/4.59/3.67/0.30% in 2021, respectively. If the Caos impact is adjusted to a single caliber, this year ' s cost shares have increased the R & D input, q4 R & D costs amount to $2,153 million, compared to +16%, q4 sales/management/R & D/
The same ratio of financial costs - 0.43 - 0.36 + 0.39 + 0.58 pct. Māori promotions, coupled with well-regulated costs, have resulted in changes in company-wide Heil wisers ' rates (%): changes in company rates after the displacing of Caos influence (%, pct)
III. OPERATIONAL ANALYSIS: Continuous Standby Response to Cost Pressure 1 and Increased Company Preparedness in Response to Cost Uploads of Commodities, Raw Materials, etc.
On a day-to-day basis, companies have responded to the liquidity pressures of declining repayment rates and increasing inventories by extending the upstream share cycle, reflecting the firm ' s good credit and industry chain position in the industry, as well as the reasons for the significant increase in the cash available for goods, services and payments.
Figure 16: Changes in net cash flows from Heir ' s investment activities (millions)
Hale will continue to face a variety of disadvantages in 2022, such as high raw material prices, weak domestic real estate demand, and high shipping costs, but the strategic layout of Heldo + multi-brand + multi-area, multi-line development drivers will remain in place compared to other enterprises. 1) Global push for high-end innovation strategies, with overseas cities taking up a huge boost.
In the US market, Heir's brand name has grown at a speed of over 40%; the company is operating in the Romanian refrigerator factory, focusing on high-end products, which are more responsive to the demand of European users for high-end products; and in the Australasia market, the high-end series launched by the company in 2021.
The market share of upgrading washing machines has risen by 1.6 percentage points. The share of high-end income in South Asian markets has also risen to 34%.
2) Kassarty's integration into the three-wing bird system, and the integration of the products to enhance the user's value. The high-end brands, scenes, eco-brands, and strategies have resulted in Casat's full integration into the three-wing bird brand.
+62%, smart city sales are equal to +15%. 3) Long and short, new products open up new avenues of growth.
In December 2021, the company set up the Wisdom Liver Power Enterprise, power cleaning appliances, new kitchen appliances, etc. Small household appliances, and from the end of the 21st to the present, has been launching popular products such as fully automatic robotic H10+ and two-powered land washing machines. The low penetration rate and high-growth track are expected to help achieve sustainable development for Hal, while completing the entire landscape of corporate intelligence.
The company expects small household appliances to have an opportunity to contribute 10% of its income over the next three years. Figure 17: Hal's think-tanks seek opportunities for product development, and in terms of profitability, we believe that Hal still has room to dig. 2021 was the first year of Hel's electrical privatization.
The integration of platforms and operating systems is gradually being completed and further refined, operating efficiency is steadily increasing, and company sales and management costs are improving. Companies will further advance digital process re-engineering, leading to digital stock-sharing at the end of the supply chain, optimized operating capital consumption, and are expected to further improve their profitability.
In 2022, the first interconnected plant built by Hale in the green cycle industry will be put into production and put into production 2 million old appliances per year that can be dismantled in the post-partum period, and will be accompanied by a two-degree master's degree in “carbon neutrality and” green plants, in charge of educatives, and in management.
In July 2020, the CSRC joined the CSRC in its research component in the domestic electricity industry, which has not been relevant, has not been relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.