Helium petrochemicals (600346) 2025q3 outperformed expectations or benefited from the industry's “reverse inner volume”, of which 25q3 achieved a net return of 1.972 billion yuan in the single quarter, an increase of 81.47 per cent.
The average crude oil intake in January-September was $3680 per ton, down by billions from $4279 per ton in the same period in 2024, an increase of 81.47 per cent in the same year, an increase of 97.41 per cent in the ring, and a marked improvement in profitability. The company's main business consisted of refining, aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons, basic chemical industries, etc.
The advantages of the integration of the “oil, coal, chemical” industrial chain are evident in the finer chemical industry and downstream materials. In the context of the industry’s “reverse inner volume,” it is good to see that the smelting plate is restored.
The Commission stressed the need to accelerate the phase-out of inefficient and backward production in sectors such as refining oils; in June 2025, five ministries jointly launched a mapping assessment of old and old installations, focusing on the excess supply of oil, fertilizer, etc., that had been put into production for more than 20 years.
The company is a private major refinery leader with < < oil price shocks and overhauls affecting short-term performance, or benefits from the industry 's "reverse inner volume" ---2025-08-
The synergizing advantages of full-chain integration, the continued development of the value of “platform plus new materials”, and the notable advantages in terms of policy support, process technology, industrial synergies, are expected to yield significant benefits. < < Helium petrochemical (600346.sh): Refinement plate
Promising recovery, new material production, risk of excess industrial capacity, declining demand, increased competition in industry, etc.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies referred to in the report, and may also offer licences for any of these companies. ]