Helium petrochemicals (600346): Three quarters of profit is slightly higher than expected, with the cycle’s bottom showing a long line of resilience Cost optimization and a single-season net profit driven by Māori repair: the company achieved 157,467 million yuan in the first three quarters, a 17,99 per cent decline in the previous quarter, but the return net profit was $1,972 million, a significant increase of 81.47 per cent in the previous three quarters.
The increase in the Māori rate, which has benefited from the stabilization of crude oil prices, has resulted in a one-season decline of 25.62% ($44742 billion) in the company's operating costs, which is significantly faster than the fall in revenue, reflecting the effective hedging of raw material price fluctuations through refined management. Faced with structural contradictions in the production capacity of the refining industry, the company relies on the “oil kerosene” integration platform (coal hydrogen to reduce refining costs) and the industrial chain to work together.
By the end of the third quarter of the year, the petrochemical sector was expected to step out of the bottom and take the lead or take the lead: since 2024, at the national level, several times.
In addition, the withdrawal of overseas petrochemical enterprises from integration is frequent, and the country's smelting advantage is expected to be more internationally competitive. Helium petrochemicals, as a private major refining tap, have 20 million tons/year.
The integration project, the 5 million tonnes/year modern coal-chemical plants, the 1.5 million tonnes/year ethylene project and the 16.6 million tonnes/year pta installation have four major production energy clusters, with well-developed production profiles in the field of new materials such as differentiated fibres, functional film, engineering plastics and new degradable materials, which are expected to benefit from the refining of a new climate cycle in the future.
For the time being, the profits are under pressure, and the "reverse inner volume" is between the top and the top and 9.57 times. We look at the company's growing flagship attributes and maintain the "buy-in" rating.
Helium petrochemicals (600346): Resilient profitability, heavy dividends - corporate summary report, corporate summary report of top attributes.
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.