• Events: On the evening of 27 October 2025, Helium petrochemicals issued a three-quarter report for 2025.
Net profits of $5,023 million, a decrease of 1.61% from the previous year; net profits of $4,185 million from deductions to later repatriations, improved sales of refined products + cost optimization, and a marked improvement in the company’s performance in the third quarter. At the end, oil prices entered 2025, with some pressure on the macro and a relatively inadequate industry background.
In the second half of the year, the crude oil market was weak and the price focus was shifting downwards; in the third quarter, the international oil prices were running steadily as a whole as a result of the downgrading of international trade disputes, the frequent disturbance of the geo-situation situation and the United States oil runoff cycle. In the third quarter of 2025, the average price of Brent's oil was $70 per barrel.
In the third quarter, the average price of oil was $68 per barrel, with a 2 per cent increase in the ring. In the case of sales, the average sales rate for the company ' s refined products in the third quarter was 89 per cent according to our estimates, and the ring was 24 pct, with a marked improvement in the sales of refined products in the third quarter.
At 3.88% for the duration of the quarterly company, the ring drops 0.48 pct, the operating cost rate is the gradual closing of the company’s capital expenditure, and it is always strong in the age of stock competition to refine. At the industry level, the country’s crude oil processing capacity was controlled in 2025 at 10 levels, according to the CSD policy.
The National Development and Reform Commission stressed once again the need to accelerate the phase-out of inefficiently backward production in such sectors as refining oil, and, in addition, the recent intense centralization of the “reverse-in-the-roll” signal, the accumulation of taxes, or the push for backward refining to accelerate the exit.
In the current context of competitive patterns that are limited and reduced in volume, companies are expected to continue to benefit from private refining and integrated production capacity, which is scarce in the country, and has a strong advantage in terms of policy support, technology, industrial synergies, etc.
Cash paid by the Division for the purchase of fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets is $6.3 billion, and expenditure slows or will further improve the company ' s free cash flow, the long-term investment value of which is expected to be highlighted by Sinda Securities Inc.
We predict the company's net return profit in 2025-2027 is the sum of gold no. 127, Wumenxi Street, Beijing City West Side.
The company's ability to benefit from its own cost-control advantages and industry integration is expected to accelerate.
High performance elasticity, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of companies, risk factors: the risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; the risk of less than expected profitability of polyester fibres; the risk of excess refining capacity; and the risk of less than expected performance of new production capacity.
Dr. Zhog Ming, University of Mines (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Mineral Economics Society, member of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Advisory Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Ad Hoc Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (main holder), research consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for over 10 years and chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Planning and Coal Planning Programme
In June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector and is now the head of the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre. Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of Technology on the petrochemical economy.
Committee members, research on energy transformation, carbon neutrality, petrochemical industry development, etc., have led studies on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and have participated in the preparation of policy documents relating to the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in ministries.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.