A hundred-year-old business, a high-quality developmental base industry, Qingdao's beer cover, for the first time, reports that our beer industry has entered an age of stock competition, and product structural upgrading has led to a shift in the profit center.
Since 2017, the beer industry has accounted for more than 85 per cent of the total and the overall pattern of competition has been stable. According to the National Statistical Office, after the peak of industry production in 2013, the industry has entered a phase of price dominance and profit improvement: the industry leads by upgrading the product structure and closing down the plant through high-end products.
Changes such as Wang Hye Lin's effectiveness in improving capacity utilization have led to a significant increase in tonnage prices, while net interest rates have risen from low to double. According to the Chinese Liquor Association, the 14th Five-Year Plan, 2025
High-end and ultra-high-end consumption in the beer industry will reach 30%.
Acupuncture has a strong industry and high-end competition. The company, with its three-dimensional lead in brands, quality, and channels, has kept sales steady since 2012 at 7.8 million.
Liquor 2 is the main product ladder, a multi-price belt, a full product matrix, a flag, a breakdown of famous brands such as classic, pure, white, clean, branded for 21 years and a 12mtha share price range (in yuan)
First in China's beer industry; 2) preservation of the quality of craftsmanship: firm closure of the company's entire production process and excellent product quality; 3) solid foundation of the channel: company's absolute sales of a share/total stock in the Shandong base market
In recent years, firms have rapidly developed new products that have been scaled up, with the launch of Agu since 2012.
Special, classic 1903, Hong Kong, Pearson beer, ipa, 100-year-olds, ambera, legends of the world, among other high-end new items, the sales of medium- and high-end products rose significantly from 20.39 per cent in 2017 to 40.46 per cent in 2023.
Head, the ability to maintain a competitive edge in the middle- and high-end wave, to achieve a steady increase in the size of the profit margin, product structure uplifting the processing plant to boost efficiency, and profitability to increase steadily. As middle- and high-end production, companies achieve an average interest rate of 1 per cent per year through superior cost control and internal efficiency.
The build-up of high-end products is steadily advancing, and profitability is expected to rise steadily. The company has been settling for 100 years, with the first brand value in the beer industry, a full-priced product matrix, and a stereo-flexible channel operating system that will be upgraded through product structure and internalization in the future.
The Ministry's management efficiency is optimized by short-term benefits from falling prices of major costs such as imported barley, packaged materials Profit elasticity and long-term prospects for sustained robust growth based on improved tonnage prices and production efficiency Macroeconomic growth below expectations, increased competition in mid- and high-end markets, and the risk of cost escalation extremes
Industry 1: A steady advance in high-end growth, improved profitability, 1.1 status quo: production stabilized, competitive patterns firmly established Beer as a berth, entered the country since the beginning of the last century, slow ahead, straight ahead.
In 1985, after reform and opening up, the country launched the "Berbeer Special Project" to officially open the country's production era, with 813 local beers brands in just a few years. After the 1990s, with the green beers leading the country, China followed by a wave of acquisitions and mergers.
Following the peak of beer production in 2013, the beer market slowed down, and the national beer production contracted by almost one quarter over a decade.
We expect that production in the beer industry will stabilize in the long term. After more than a hundred years of growth, China's beer market is now at a high level of maturity, with the top five beers listed as Bwa Asia, Huayun and Qingjia, in terms of revenue rankings.
Liquor, Chongqing beer, Yinjing beer, more than 90% cr5, stable overall competition patterns in the subregion, with five major beer companies consolidating their operations in their respective base markets, plus investment in product research and development, quality upgrading, branding and market expansion.
Figure 2: Changes in the concentration of the beer market, 2017-2022 (single figure 3: share of the leading beer market in the country ' s provinces 1.2 Trends in the development of the high-end era, with improved industrial profitability)
High-end, medium- and high-end mainstream. As the logic of industry growth shifts from volume to volume, high-end growth becomes the main direction of the beer industry ' s growth rate, and the alcohol industry accelerates the layout of high-end products, especially faster at $8 price breakdowns.
Launching a cyclone 1664 to capture the country's super-high-end market, reassembly of heavy beverages in 2020, injecting 16 corporate assets under the flag into Chongqing beer, including high-end brands of the new frontier Usu and 1664, and upgrading the resource integration high-end strategy.
After the high end of August's product, a number of new medium- and high-end products have been placed on the market, such as black beams, classic 1903, Hong Kong shipment, all wheat beverages, Pearson beer, ipa, centenary trip, amberlag, legends of the world.
At the end of the day, and as a result of the launch of the Marx green and heart-breeding products, a strategic partnership was reached with Heineken Beer in 2018 to gain the exclusive use of the trademark in China, and to promote the development of Yun's beer at a new level in the high-level segmented market.
The branded Corona's Chinese business and the launch of the Master's Collection Series, took the monopoly of the black and strongman's continental business in 2017 and acquired the Shanghai Fine Beermaker boxing cat, and acquired the brand and import distribution rights of the blue sister beer in China by the end of 2018.
The structure is upgraded, and the price of tons is raised. With the alcohol industry active at the top, in 2022 we sold about 15-18 million litres of beer at the middle and high end, representing 35 per cent of total sales in the industry.
At the same time, the Chinese Liquor Association has proposed the 14th Five-Year Plan, with 30% of the high-end and ultra-high-end consumption in the beer industry in 2025. In terms of ton prices, the t5 beer industry has been dominated by high-end products, with a more stable and significant average price.
In addition to the advantages, the prices of the four other liquor companies have increased significantly over the last five years. The prices of beer, Chongqing beer have risen by over a thousand dollars, and the prices of Chinese beer and Yanjing beer have risen by 600 to 800 dollars.
In addition to optimizing the product structure, alcohol and industry generally use plant efficiency to optimize production efficiency. Congregation beer will take the lead in 2015.
Eight plants were closed down in 15-18 following the announcement of an optimisation of the plant; five plants were shut down in Baway Asia and the Pacific in 2015. Since 2015, Huayun has reduced the number of factories under the company’s flag from 98 to 65 in 2021.
From a profit margin perspective, the net interest rates of individual alcohol companies have been rising in recent years, benefiting from product structural improvements and poor productivity. 2 beads: the tides rise to the next 100 years.
2.1 Company Profile: A deep brand and a leading market share Aoshima's beer was built in 1903, the oldest beer factory in the country, formerly German Beer Qing Island Co. Ltd., which was built in its early years.
The company was registered on 16 June 1993 and was listed in a stock and h shares in the same year. The company’s main business is the manufacture and sale of beer. It currently owns 60 beer-producing businesses throughout the country.
We've got 143.2 million litres of design capacity, and the world's 120 countries and regions are leading the domestic beer industry in terms of size and market share.
32.51 per cent of the shares, together with nearly 80 per cent of the shares of the former three major shareholders, have been on the market since the company came to the helm after three years of leadership, and after Peng's General Manager took office in 1996, he discovered opportunities for low-cost purchases in the beer market, during the five years in which he was in office.
In the period 1996-2001, the harvest grew rapidly, with cagr5 as high as 28.33%.
After General Kim took office, he began to slow down the expansion and shift to lean management, and the business logic changed from being “strong” to being “big”. In the 11 years that he was in office, the company made a huge breakthrough in revenue and profits, with capr 11.
The management team changed again in 2012, and after the resignation of the former chairman, Kim Chi-goo, in June, the company was led by Sun Myung-hoon, Vice-President Wang Fan, and the CEO of Huang Ke Heung.
Since 2014, companies have adjusted their development strategies to “stable” in the face of the first negative growth in industrial output, the adverse external environment, and so on.
The transformation strategy of growth, structural adjustment, accelerated restructuring of products. In 2018, Huang Ke Heung took over as Chairman, strategic direction for company upgrading, proposing “brand leadership, innovation drive, quality first, efficiency priority, structural optimization, coordinated development” and then six.
In each year, profit growth is higher than income growth, income growth is higher than sales growth, and quality development is higher. During this period, corporate revenue and profits have remained robust. 2012-2.2 brands: a two-brand strategy with a high-end marketing sword.
Focus branding strategy, branding influence. The company has been operating for 100 years, and has adopted an early outreach expansion strategy, acquiring a large number of regional brands and rapidly expanding their scale.
The product structure of the "1+3" was then launched with a system integration for more than seven years. In 2014, the company explicitly adapted its brand strategy to "1+1+n" and further actualized its current brand focus. After years of exploration, the company has been firmly implementing it since 2015.
The "1+1" branding strategy of Qingdao's Beers Masters + Qingshan Beers 2nd brand, which focuses on strengthening the brand, gives companies strong brand influence and high visibility in both domestic and international markets. According to the World Brand Laboratories, 2024, Qingdao.
For the 21st consecutive year, the brand value of the Liquor Industry was the highest in China. Figure 16: The evolution of corporate branding strategies
• Extensive expansion strategy: multi-branded product structure of “1+3”: brand strategy of “1+1+n”: “1+1+n” and “1+1+n”: Qingdao beer master brand + second national brand of Qingshan beer
Regional brands such as Hans, Hillwater, Silver Wheat — “1+1” brand strategy: Aoshima's main brand + Aoyama's second brand
People experience, fans interact with the "4D" brand dissemination model. Companies focus on “Sport marketing plus music marketing plus experience marketing” to bring consumers into a immersion experience and deepen brand linkages.
Figure 19: The continuous construction of the immersed literary tour by the Musket Museum
Crafts lead in production techniques and manage the entire process to maintain their quality. Qingdao's beer is strictly shut down throughout the process, with standardized quality control systems in place from the raw materials, production, logistics, terminals, and so on, with each beer passing more than 1,800 times before leaving the factory.
With rigorous quality control and continued optimization of key technologies, the quality stability, taste consistency, and quality of the products are constantly improving. Research and development capabilities take the lead in the middle and high-end markets.
The only national priority laboratory in the inner beer industry, with its first-class national research and development platform, a high-level research and development team, and a number of core technologies with autonomous intellectual property rights. The Department has sustained its research and development investment for many years, introducing a number of new and distinctive features.
By 2023, the company had a history, a 100-year tour, classics, pures, whites, fines.
In recent years, companies have introduced a variety of new products to meet diverse consumption needs, continuously optimizing product structures and major brand sales.
The price of moving tons has been rising steadily, and we expect to raise the price of corporate products further by 2.4 market channels: to consolidate the advantage of the base market and to deepen the “one and two” strategic belt for incremental growth.
Multi-link operations are expanded and distributed through channels. At the end of the company's sales, on the line, under the line, on the sea, along the line, the “Internet+” channel system is built on the line, and operations such as o2o, b2b, community group purchase are actively expanded, sub-sub-sub-regional deep distribution is actively fostered.
Multi-channel professional distributors insist on promoting the “collaborative distribution model of manufacturers” and continue to raise the distribution capacity, end-user maintenance and service capacity, and brand influence of high regional markets. Overseas markets sell through offshore subsidiaries and local agents.
At the end of the channel, the company sold 41% of the drinking market in restaurants, evenings, etc., and 59% of the non-drinking market in ka, circulation and so on.
The base market optimizes its structure and seeks to increase it along the river’s coast. On the market side, companies speed up the construction of the “one-way” strategic belt, along the yellow market (including the mountains).
The traditional base markets, such as East Asia and China, have consolidated their advantages, with the product structure optimized, along the river market optimized, capacity accumulated, coastal markets focused on the main products, and fast-tracking high-end ultra-end products, maintaining a two-fold increase in volume.
Figure 27: Corporate “one-way” strategic belt planning Robust growth in strong markets and improved profits in vulnerable markets. Sub-markets show a rapid growth trend in the company’s core areas (Santong, North China) in the last five years.
The sales rose from 527,000 litres to 556.63 million litres, and the profits from the North and South-East have risen considerably in recent years.
The position is expected to be maintained, and emerging markets are expected to continue to build on the incremental contribution. Figure 31: Subregional sales and Māori ratios in 2023 (single 2.5 financial horizontal comparisons: robust profitability, excellent cost controls)
The company's business is the beer plate, and we've selected the top five leading companies in the industry as comparable companies: Bawe Asia Pacific, Huayun, Beer Chongqing, and Yinking. From a profit-making perspective, the company's Māori ratio is similar.
For stability, in the middle of the industry, net interest rates have in recent years benefited from product structural upgrading, shut-down and optimized production efficiency, with a marked increase as the net interest rate of firm 2024h1 remained the same as that of the same size enterprise.
Figure 34: Qingdao beer capital expenditure in the first three quarters of 2004-2024 and in Figure 35: Qingdao beer plant efficiency savings in the first three quarters of 2004-2024
From the point of view of cost control, the company’s sales cost rate has been optimally optimized in recent years, the management cost rate has been largely flat, and the overall cost control capacity is in the industry’s first echelon.
The external environment is under pressure and corporate sales are on a downward trend, and we expect a base for the second half of the year.
At the Māori rate level, as the share of high-end products in the company and the efficiency of production improves, at the cost rate level, the company continues to optimize the efficiency of its management operations, positive open-source savings, lower efficiency gains and higher per capita output, and we expect the cost of sales and management over the next three years.
Relative valuation: The company's business is a beer plate, and we've selected the top five leading companies as comparable companies: Bawe Asia Pacific, China Rain, Chongqing, Yanking. As of 18 November 2024, 2024-e beer.
An average of 20.68x for wine brands and 21.84x for green beverages have potential growth Investment proposals: the company has been settling for 100 years and has the first brand value in the beer industry, a product matrix covered by the full price belt and a stereo-flexible channel operating system, no.
To benefit in the short term from profit elasticity from the downside of major cost prices such as imported wheat and packaged materials through product structural upgrading, internal management efficiency optimization, long-term reliance on ton prices and livelihoods Macroeconomic growth is not as high as expected: meals, evenings, etc., if the economy is under pressure
Lower demand for scenario consumption will have a negative impact on beer marketing. Competition in mid- and high-end markets has increased: beer firms are equally well-placed in mid- and high-end markets, and competition has increased or will affect sales.
Extreme weather risks: q2 and q3 tend to sell beer during the season, in the event of heavy rains, floods, etc.
In extreme weather events, such as floods, sales will be affected. Corporate financial statement data projections are aggregated. Authors with securities investment advisory qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, with dedicated professional attitude and independence and objectivity.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.