On April 29th, 2023rd annual report and 2024th annual report.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn q1 continues the trend of high growth, with a 28/23 per cent increase in the number of open doors in the country, and during Spring Festival 2024, the number of open bottles in the country v series showed a strong performance.
As a result of the increase in the volume of alcohol in the altar and the increase in remuneration, the combination has led to the continued optimization of the product structure, with attention to price increases at the drop site of the company in 2023, respectively.
"The Constellation of the World" (603369): "In 2025, add up to v6" as a product-differentiated layout, lightly, v3 and single-width relays, four-and-a-way, with a high growth trend, in 2023 as a group of products and above.
In 2024, the company introduced a strict quota system to control the speed controls, increasing the price of the plant by $8/10/20 per unit on a four-generation basis from 1 March.
After a sustained focus on channel price transfer progress, the public sector’s products are expected to be released further.  Business channels are stable and good, and the extra-provincial market continues to grow.
In 2023, direct sales (including group purchases)/distributive channels were collected by 1,061 distributors, a net increase of 47 from the beginning of the year, business channels were stable and distribution channels were advancing steadily.
In 2024, the company planned to break through the market for the long triangular integration of Jiangsu, Sioux, Sioux, Salt City, Huaihai and the provinces.
By focusing on the 10+n focus, we have laid a solid foundation for moving toward nationalization. We see that companies, after billions of dollars, continue to strike at products and channels.
The Food and Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential stock; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has been deeply marketed and seen as sub-high white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.