The digital economy’s fundamentals are the second largest in the world year, with a 30%-plus-market position in China’s market; and the wave of information in the first half of the year, the i server product market, is the first in China and the city is the largest in China.
More than 20%. According to the latest gartner data, the wave was stored in the top five of the world ' s sales in 2021, and ranked second in the world ' s second storage market. 2022q1 showed high performance growth and a gradual optimization of cost rates. Companies achieved business income in 2021.
In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved business income of $17,277 million, or 48.11 per cent, and in the third quarter of 2022, the return of $334 million, or 38.33 per cent.
The profits were $261 million, an increase of 32.90 per cent over the same period. While the growth in revenue has been steady, net interest rates have continued to grow, cost rates have remained steadily declining, sales costs for companies have been 2.18 per cent, and the industries in which the company is located have long been better in the digital economy. According to the idc report, Full 2021
Digital Economic Arithmetic Providers, Global Server Market Tracking Report, 2021 Global Server Market Delivery and Sales Scores - 2022/05/01
Sales reached $25.9 billion, an increase of 12.7 per cent over the same period, with wave servers occupying 31.4 per cent of the city and continuing to be in the forefront of the Chinese market. In the digital economy, demand for arithmetic will continue.
In 2022, the state produced a number of documents to strengthen the building of the data, which is a very advanced layout for the information infrastructure, or for the company as a whole - 2021/05/28.
Investment advice: The company’s revenue maintains a high rate of growth, and the server industry has been active for a long time towards good won, $3.21 and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
The company is the leading server provider in the country for 30 years.
The server industry's first echelon was established in 1998 and placed on the market in late 2000. The company's products consist mainly of servers, server parts, storage, int terminals, and bulk. The server products are of a full variety, including, inter alia, universal servers, high-end servers and storage server products, and provide the infrastructure for cloud-oriented data centres.
Products and solutions are focused on the development of cloud servers in all their forms, such as cabinets, hyperdensity, etc. The company provides hardware products, such as accelerated chips/cards, i servers, etc., for the training and reasoning of the one-person domain, as well as software platforms, such as the i-frame, to create a complete pantry of product programme business layouts in the cloud and the i-area.
Companies are ranked first in the server market in China, and earnings have been growing steadily over the last five years. Companies have earned 25,488 million yuan and 46,941 million per cent of their operating earnings. Companies achieved 17,277 million yuan in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 48.11 per cent in the same year; and net repatriations were net.
The profit was 334 million yuan, an increase of 38.33 per cent in the same year; the net return profit after deduction was 326 million yuan, an increase of 29.47 per cent in the same year, an increase of 6.4 per cent in the same year, of which the principal income was the server and parts, as well as the terminal and bulkware operations, 2021 banking institutions, communications operators, energy enterprises, government agencies, etc.
(iii) The equity structure is stable, and the equity incentive is to bind the interests of the core workforce.
Big data, smart cities, smart businesses. Wave groups, in addition to wave information, also have wave software, two wave companies listed by Wave International, with a background of state capital and group resource advantages.
ii. Digital advances drive a promising outlook for servers: (i) The global server industry is expected to grow steadily, with China leading the world at a faster pace. The server industry is located in important positions in the digital economy’s industrial chain.
More extensive coverage is now available in the domestic server downstream sector, which includes relatively high levels of informationization such as the Internet, finance, telecommunications, government, transport, and energy. Specifically, according to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, Internet, government, and telecommunications are the three largest downstream industries, accounting for 31%, 12%, and 10%, respectively.
The world server market will continue to grow at a steady rate in the future. According to idc, in 2021, the global service provider market was $10.37 billion, with 86 servers accounting for 89.9 per cent of the market size, and is projected to be full over the next five years.
Between 2015 and 2018, the global market volume and market size of servers grew significantly. According to idc, they benefited from the rapid growth of the global economy.
Rapid recovery, with users ' investment in data centre infrastructure rising steadily in 2021, with global server market output and sales of $13,539,000 and $9,922 million, respectively, an increase of 6.9 per cent and 6.4 per cent over the same period, with a combined increase of 29.50 per cent over the past five years. The Asia-Pacific market is the highlight of the global server market, the Chinese market.
The performance was particularly strong, with sales reaching $25.9 billion, an increase of 12.7 per cent over the previous five years, a steady increase in global growth, with a combined growth rate of 32.30 per cent of China ' s server output over the past five years and a gradual increase in the proportion of global server output. (ii) Accelerating the construction of the data centre and an increase in the computation of demand
Calculating power is the central underpinning and driving force of the digital economy. The global digital economy continues to grow steadily, and computing power, as a key element of productivity in the digital economy age, has become the nuclear support and driver for the digital economy.
Growth, which has a long-term and multiplier effect. When a country reaches 40 points in the calculator's index, the momentum for gdp growth increases by 1.5 times per point, and when the calculator points to more than 60 minutes, the driving force for gdp growth increases by 1 point.
Servers are one of the most important tools for the development of the digital economy. Servers are the foundation for the management of computing resources.
By “Promoting Development”, in 2022, the digital economy had been included five times in government reports, including the promotion of the digital economy, the strengthening of the overall layout of digital China, the transformation of the digital economy, the improvement of digital economic governance, and the release of data.
The bottom of the economy is not only an effective engine for investment in information technology (IT) research and development (IT) manufacturing, communication networks, energy, etc., upstream and downstream industries, but also an incentive for the overall digital transformation of the economy and society to upgrade, coordinate regional development, improve access to data flow applications, and play an important fundamental role in making our digital economy more robust.
Four ministries, including the National Development and Reform Commission, agreed to launch the building of a national computing hub nodes in eight locations: Inner Mongolia, Guizhou, Gansu, Ningxia, Kyunjin, Long Triangle, Hong Kong, Australasia Bay, Sung-sung, and planned 10 national data centres
Figure 17: Policies in the digital economy (iii) Upstream/downstream growth or proof server market is in the upper-line cycle Upstream server controls chip revenue recovery. As the world ' s largest server, bmc chip manufacturer, letter 2022
In April of the year, income was $454 million, with a monthly growth rate of 60.75 per cent. Historically, the rate of growth in the service market has been largely consistent with the trend in the growth rate of the supply chain, so the monthly data for the server market is one of the core forward indicators of the development of the server market, which may be evidenced by a return to the high rate of growth in the server control chip revenues.
The server industry is in the upper cycle, with $6.71 per cent less than the same year, the intel data centre sector achieving revenues of $6 billion, an increase of 22 per cent over the same year, and winning the company ' s overall revenue growth rate, which is also positive for the data centre sector for the third quarter of a row.
Downstream, international cloud computing firms’ capital spending has increased faster than ever. As an important link downstream of the server, the offshoret giants Amazon, Google, Microsoft three-quarterly capital spending picked up at 2022q1, and cloud computing is expected to drive the upstream server industry to a boom.
(iv) The long-term growth drivers in the server industry are increasing, and traditional servers are difficult to meet arithmetic requirements.
According to the perenai 2019 A.I. data, since 2012, the computations used in AI training missions have grown exponentially, now doubling at a rate of 3.5 months, and continuing improvements in hardware performance, such as servers, are a guarantee for supporting artificial intelligence.
Frame images calculate that in 2020 there are 30 billion frames per second of real-time analysis of the need for images worldwide, based on the launch of the telap 40 in Weida, and that 10 million AI servers are needed for real-time analysis of images. Along with humans, the rapid penetration of industrial intelligence in various fields, and the market for artificial intelligence servers for server manufacturers will become important for the industry.
According to the report on the assessment of the development of artificial intelligence in China 2020-2021, published by idc, the market size of China’s artificial intelligence infrastructure was $3.9 billion in 2020, with servers at the core of the artificial intelligence infrastructure, which accounted for 87% of the expenditure.
In terms of arithmetical patterns, artificial intelligence calculations and marginal calculations have become important forces for market growth, and China's ai arithmetic has emerged as the world's leading global leader. The report shows that, taken together, 15 countries, the ai arithmetic expenditure increased from 9% in 2016 to 12% in 2016 and is expected to reach 25% by 2025.
With the most significant increase in the size of the i server, 44.5% over the same period. Edge computing as a platform technology provides an important carrying capacity for new and emerging technologies such as 5g, physical networking, robotics, and artificial intelligence. Over the next five years, global arithmetic investment in marginal positions will grow much faster than at the core, and by 2025, the global margin will be measured.
China’s accelerated computing server market will reach $10.34 billion a year. Figure 22: China’s accelerated server market acceleration forecast (in millions of US dollars)
Things are digitally projected into the virtual world; then they are presented by the foundational load of the virtual world, which is the virtual world. These require advanced technologies such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, ar/vr, object networking, etc., to erase the physical world’s boundaries with the digital world and bring about a immersion experience of “digital integration.”
To build a digital world with a high degree of authenticity and achieve a real-time interaction of hundreds of millions of users, there are a number of challenges to the size of the scene, the complexity of the scene, the multi-designer and multi-sectoral collaboration, the extremely high-real digital production, real-time rendering, emulation and interaction that support the construction and operation of the metacosystem.
The core source of power - arithmetical demands are higher. This is not just high performance, low delay, easy-to-expand hardware platforms, but also end-to-end, ecologically rich, and easy-to-use software stores. Facebook adds to the meta universe, and capital spending is expected to increase. Facebook changes its name to Meta, “Meta”
US$ billion, of which capital expenditure on network infrastructure, data centres, etc., is likely to be the second largest in the world in 22 years with domestic server flagships (i) servers in China.
The company is ranked second in the world as a server, first in China. According to idc, the latest market report on global serviceors for 2021: the top three producers in the market share ranking were Dale, Wave, Hpe, where wave server markets outranked their 2020 second-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-higher-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high
The data from the cloth show that the wave was the first in the Chinese market, with a 30% revenue ratio. The wave’s server products were of a full variety and the average price increased steadily. The company’s products were divided into three series, namely, generic server products, storage server products, and high-end server products.
The company’s server unit prices are relatively high and the upward trend has been maintained. Figure 27: The average price of the company’s servers has risen steadily on a quarterly basis over the last five years (in United States dollars)
(ii) The first edge of the iServices Association calculates the server surge market, which is over 40% of the wave market. According to idc ' s latest report on the mid-2021 market for servers, China ' s edge calculates the growth of the server market in 2021
266.3% Wave Information Linking is the first market for servers in China, with a 40.9% share in the city and a 368.4% increase in the same market. Wave Information, as China’s top provider of marginal computing servers, began to be distributed on the edge in 2017, and in 2019 it was published together with IEC, operators, etc.
The industry’s otii marginal server design standards for mec, nfv, etc., together contribute to the maturity of marginal computing products, solutions, etc. The current wave information has evolved into a four-fold product series of marginal microcentres, peripheral servers, portable ai servers, marginal microservers, from the global axis of giant intelligence plants, the largest in Asia.
The offshore wind power station, to the wisdom parking lot of the Tokyo Industrial University, has been widely used to calculate the edges of products and programmes in a variety of industrial scenes, such as manufacturing, energy, transport, etc. Wave-ai servers are the world's number one with a 20.2% market share.
The tidal wave is a major partner and arithmetic provider of new and emerging-ai enterprises, which have accumulated a wealth of excellent algorithmic frameworks, models and data, i.e. technology that is needed by industry users in the process of industrial aiatization and that is lacking in traditional partners in user services. To help industry users to become more intelligent.
The digital economy is based on leading firms that have transformed to connect traditional partners with emerging-ai firms, and companies have proposed meta-ecosystem plans. The brain is a wave that combines left-hand partners with the core ability of ai to develop and right-hand hands with the ability to deliver the industry as a whole.
The partnership, which brings together the best numeracy platform, the best-quality algorithm model development and the best-quality integration, deployment and service capabilities, will support and accelerate the integration of industries, industries and artificial intelligence, enabling industries and industries to become aware, self-learning, evolutive and ultimately end-users.
In terms of storage, cloud technology, excellent performance. According to gartner's latest data, the wave was stored in 2021, the world's top five sales, the second largest storage market in the world, and the wave information was selected for two years in a row.
According to Synergy's 2021 q4 data, Wave Information Servers are the first to calculate market share of the global publicly owned cloud infrastructure for 11 consecutive quarters. In 2021, super-integrated sales grew by 110 per cent compared to the previous year, up 2.7 times the industry's average rate of 41.1 per cent.
China first. At the same time, the waves and waves of super-compatibility are ranked first in sales in both energy and construction industries. (iii) Client-centred jdm achieves agile operating advantages and enhances customer sticky companies have a unique jdm development model.
The new Jdm (Jointdeignmanufacture) joint development model. The Jdm joint development model created by the wave is based on integration with the user ' s industrial chain and is oriented towards specific business, linking demand, R & D, production, delivery, integration of supply and demand business chains, and the provision of customized products and services to users.
The company’s unique jdm model allows for agile operation and improved customer stickyness. The jdm model is characterized not by simply selling products to customers, but by working with customers to engage them throughout the design, R & D and delivery process, and to achieve coordinated design, agile R & D, and fast delivery.
The product goes from the program to the site, so that its ideas and needs can be maximized from year to year, to nine months, and clients can deliver prototypes, production delivery, wave, order delivery cycles reduced from 15 days to 5-7 days, creating the highest in-house delivery of 10,000 cloud servers in eight hours.
Deployment speed. Through the jdm model, companies can be more deeply involved in user operations, thereby better capture user needs, such as rolling forecasting mechanisms in the joint 100-degree supply chain in 2018, achieving a substantial reduction in the overall arrival cycle through supply-and-demand-equilibrium management.
Market demand, such as online classroom and online office work, rapid reworking of wave-agility supply chain systems and smart factories, increased production capacity, ensured timely delivery of orders, and provided a solid basis for company business growth. In 2021, the wave, in its Jdm model practice, gained the “Golden Award” digital transformation vanguards.
(iv) In response to carbon-neutrality peaks, the company built the largest liquid cold research and development base in Asia.
Under the double-carbon target, the energy consumption challenges of the centres are increasing. The implementation of carbon-spills and targets, co-published by the National Development Reform Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Informationization, requires the promotion of new infrastructure, such as data centres and 5g, for green and high-quality development.
The programme clearly states that by 2025, the efficiency of the operation of the data centre and the use of renewable energy sources will have increased significantly, with the average power efficiency of the new large, mega data centre falling below 1.3. The current wave of information has become all over the place, with all types of products, such as liquid cooling, pipe cooling, impregnated liquid cooling, etc.
Large amounts of deployment are now available. In order to boost liquid cooling, reduce the energy consumption of data centres, promote carbon peaks and carbon neutrality in China, the tide has built and put into use Asia's largest liquid cold research and development base — the sky pool, the base's annual capacity of 100,000 units, and has achieved a massive delivery of the first industrial cooling liquid cooler cabinet to help the user data centre pue
Lower to less than 1.1, with an overall delivery cycle of 5-7 days, is important for the rapid development of the liquid-cold industry and for building a large scale of cold-water technologies. Companies’ revenues keep growing at a high rate, and the server sector remains active for the long term.
The company is expected to maintain a “buy-in” rating of $1.91, $2.44 and $3.21 in 2022-2024, respectively. Downstream spending falls short of expectations: increased competition in the industry.
I'm from Beijing City West Side, 9 North Up North Street.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.