Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) Income from investments is a drag on short-term performance, with channels focused on long-term transformations and new accounting standards implementation and investment returns are a drag on performance.
Volatile effects. By the end of the third quarter of 2023, the company had accumulated 61,85 billion yuan in operating income, reflecting an increase of 40.2 per cent over the first annual premium of $22.3 billion for medium- and long-term insurance, of which 10 channels optimized the supply of products and promoted team transformation. By the end of the third quarter, the company had accumulated insurance channels.
The Division further optimizes the product structure and promotes a long-term transformation, with channels cumulatively achieving long-term first-year premium payments of $10.90 billion, an increase of 9.9 per cent over the same period.
Savings-based insurance, such as the Life with Glory (Red) Insurance, has further contributed to the shift in corporate product strategy. Recently, the Regulatory Notice on Strengthening Management for the Stable and Healthy Development of Human Security has been issued, requiring risk-seeking companies not to collect premiums much in advance, with limited impact on recent “open door” premiums.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company insurance channel achieved a total premium of $44.01 billion, an increase of 14.1 per cent, or 30.8 per cent of the company's total premium revenue.
In a single-quarter channel, insurance revenues of $7.18 billion were realized, a 2.7 per cent decrease compared with the same period, and three-quarterly regulated circulars on insurance products from regulated banking agencies, which require the industry to “compile” fees. In this context, companies have strictly implemented policies to continuously improve product creation, starting with the following:
Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) - doubling per capita productive capacity, focusing on long-term transitions.
Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) - Channel Transformation, Poverty Reverse - 2023-06-29 Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) - Quarterly Review 2022 - Quarterly Review - Quarterly Review - Quarterly Review - Qualified Marketing, Accounting Standards Adjustments to Increase Volatility in Investment Gains. As of the end of the third quarter, companies realized a cumulative net return on investment
Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) - Increases in overall steady size — 2022-04-05 at the centre of the rate, sustained pressure on corporate assets to realize a net return on investment of $1.3 billion in a single quarter, compared to the same investment proposal: companies continue to pursue a long-term strategy of agent team transformation and channel development, combined with “open doors”
Figure 1: Xinhua Insurance operating income (in millions of dollars) Figure 2: Xinhua Insurance operating income (in millions) Figure 3: Xinhua Insurance net profit to mothers (in millions)
Figure 4: Xinhua Insurance Investment Return Rate (in %) Author ensures that data used in the report are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence, through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject