Mid-2023 Reported an increase of 28.56 per cent in revenue, overall keyword: #city gains are lower than the historical averages of the past 10 years, combined circuits and non-telecom smart card operations are driven, and the Māori rate is slightly down but overall
During the first half of 2023, companies continued to invest more in R & D, research and development to repurchase shares, and new shareholders were fully engaged in promoting equity incentives. After a restructuring of the company’s debt, state-controlled shares became innocuous, providing a precondition for equity incentives. New shareholders focused on businesses.
Building and stabilizing talent will help companies to implement equity incentives and improve incentives as soon as possible. The company announced on 30 March 2023 that it would use its own funds to buy back more than $300 million in corporate shares and that on 4 July 2023, the repurchase programme had been completed for equity incentives or employee holdings.
It is planned that the Incentives Programme will help to improve the performance and efficiency of the workforce and bring more innovation and competitiveness to companies in the long term.
The company is one of the first firms in the country to engage in special integrated circuit R & D, in R & D capabilities, and in customer financing.
Systemically competitive advantages have been created in terms of sources and core technology, and the products of the company, which are represented by the special Sopc platform and the future of the good special chip, have been endorsed by the user, and the three- and four-generation products have been developed.
Special integrated circuits have the capability to multiply the efficiency of equipment.
Performance is expected to improve further. Report: The increase in the Māori rate is significant, simulation of profit forecasts and investment ratings: taking into account the company ' s leading position in the country ' s special integrated circuits,
Three major financial forecasting tables for UXIU S.A., Inc., are qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.