New product landings + breakthroughs in new areas inject new momentum into growth.
For the period under review, companies have continued to expand their product categories and to add a new series of industrial-level products. fpga products remain industry leaders, market recognition continues to increase, and research and development of new products is progressing well; special Nandflash has invested in the market.
High-performance bus products are also in the roll-out stage: systems represented by special Sopc platform products, high-level chip client feedback, three or four generations of product development, roll-out with mcu, imageai intelligence chips: simulation products by providing users with a full set of secondary power cells
The market share continues to grow. We believe that the new fpga product is expected to be developed and marketed in the second half of the year, thereby consolidating the company’s market share in the fpga area, and that the other multi-valued new products, with their continued market spread, are expected to further enhance the company’s performance.
In the first half of 2023, smart, safe chip business collected $1,462 million, or +81.99%, and became a point of growth for companies in the first half of the year.
The one-stop solution for esim, launched with partners, supported crystal-circle personality writing, compatible with the remote esim configuration, 5g connection, and obtained a sas-up qualification for gsma; the car digital key programme has achieved a bulk load and is a new growth for the company in the future.
Factors; telecomsim, bank cards, and so on, continue to grow steadily. We believe that the first half of the year, the new area of smart security chip breakthroughs the revenue-driven effect or will continue into the second half of the year, making smart security chip business a core growth point for the company throughout the year.
We adjust the company's net return profit forecast for 2023-2025 to the extent that the company's research and development is not as anticipated, new products are not as widespread as expected, and market competition is increasing.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.