Ultraviolet (002049.sz) Electronic integrated circuit iii with high profit growth, multiple new items to achieve client breakthroughs
On 24 August 2023, the company published its semi-annual report for 2023, and in the first half of 2023, the company achieved an operating income of 3,734 million yuan, an increase of 28.56 per cent over the same period, and a net return profit of 1,392 million yuan, an increase of 16.22 per cent over the same period. The effects of weak and fragmented industry demand, among others, have been positive in opening up potential markets, and overall business performance has increased steadily.
The final circuits generated 3,625 million yuan, representing 97.09 per cent of the company’s operating income: the electronic parts business generated 900 million yuan, accounting for 2.42 per cent of the company’s operating income. The subsidiary, Purple and Light, owned ownership of the parent company for the first half of the year, benefited 1,718 million yuan, resulting in a net profit of 171 million yuan. The company owns excellent technology, research and development, and works in the integrated circuit industry.
The management team has accumulated a wealth of experience in the design and industrialization of digital, analogue and modular integrated circuits, with the ratio of R & D to over 50 per cent at the company level. During the reporting period, R & D invested 755 million yuan, compared with growth.
The company ' s fpga product continued to be a leader in the industry market, with a growing user base and a step-by-step expansion of the product category and a new industrial product series; in the case of special storage units, the company continued to maintain the country.
The company’s new high-performance bus product is starting to be rolled out.
The interface products are also being updated, and market access continues to be a leader. In addition, system-level chips, represented by special sopc table products, have been endorsed by users, three- and four-generation products have been developed and promoted, and company-generated high-speed radio frequency adc has been endorsed by major users in the first half of the year.
The new product is certified as a smooth + equity buyback, long-term configuration value is highlighted - the UV micro-year review, the smart security chip is broken in many areas, and the new product is ready for the future. In the first half of the year, the smart security chip business became operational.
In the area of smart security chips, the company ' s sim card chip business is among the highest in China and the global market, and in China ' s secret bank card chip, a new-generation traffic card chip, and identity card readings and posse cores.
During the reporting period, the corporate smart security chip business maintained its momentum and sustained new breakthroughs in a number of areas, including telecommunications, finance, identification, and access to the Internet. The company, together with its partners, launched a one-stop solution for esim, which supports the production of crystal-circle personalized data compatible with remote esim matching.
The company’s car digital key program has been successfully imported on the client’s end to produce a vehicle, which is the company’s new growth factor in the future. The overall growth of chips such as telecommunications Sim, bank cards, second-generation resident’s identity cards, electronic travel documents, etc. has been steady.
In the first half of the year, the company made ground-breaking progress on the 12-inch-bt, sgt, sjmos surrogate resources. At the same time, it achieved multiple product import certification and volume production, and advanced new energy vehicles, photovoltaic micro-reverses, and special power sources, with the combined advantage of an intra- and external industry association of the Purple Group.
In the case of crystals, the market demand, represented by consumer-type electronics, is weak, the sector is competitive, and the sales and sales prices of corporate crystals are consistently low, but companies continue to improve the competitiveness of crystal products and to expand network communications and cars.
In priority areas such as electronics and industrial controls, the ratio of high-grade differential oscillators to the demand for light modules and arithmetic servers has been continuously raised, with the 5g communications module benefiting from the industrialization of high-base rock crystals oscillators, and the billions of self-financed repurchases of company shares in the form of centralized competitive transactions for equity incentives or employee holding schemes.4
The stock buy-back exercise will be completed on 4th. The cumulative buy-back of 6,396,000 shares, representing 0.75% of the company’s total stock stock at the time. The buy-back is a positive move by the company’s confidence in future steady growth and long-term judgement of intrinsic value, which will boost the company’s stock market price to match its intrinsic value.
Confidence, the establishment of sound long-term incentives, the further activation of corporate innovation, the attraction and stimulation of excellence and investment proposals: the company leads the industry in the special fpga, while multiple new products achieve a client breakthrough. We believe that companies will continue to grow at a higher level in the long term.