Mid-2023: A multi-area breakthrough in smart security chips, reported on 18 September 2023, in the field of deep-cultivated integrated circuits, an important supplier of special integrated domestic circuits.
Combining Integrated Circuits, with special integrated circuits, smart security chips as the two main industries, while laying out the stone-eating crystals frequency devices and semiconductor power devices, the company is deeply engaged in integrated circuit design for more than 20 years, with a competitive advantage of systematization, and the company is an important provider of specialized integrated circuits in the country.
Renovation of income profitability indicators to achieve sustained growth under a high base. 2023h1 companies overcome multiple adverse effects, income (3,735 million yuan, +28.56 per cent) and net return to the mother (1392 million).
0.60 pcts) show a slight decrease, mainly due to a decline in the Māori rate for crystalware product operations, but the overall level of profitability is still relatively high. For company sub-product operations: 1, Special Integrated Circuit operations: 2023h1, income realization (2.164 billion yuan, +10.79 per cent);
Thanks to the efficiency gains of the company, the volume of the output continues to grow, the company's optimal and better-quality control of the production process has led to a higher level of automation of the company's production and a sharp increase in the supply capacity and responsiveness of its customers. In specific areas: 1fpga: products continue to take the lead in the industrial market.
(a) The growing user base and the successful development of a new generation of higher performance products, which is nearing completion;
Special storage units: the newly developed special Nandflash has moved to the market and the special new storage units are about to be launched; 3 high performance busses: new products are in the roll-out phase and various interface products are constantly being evaluated in mid-2022: new special integrated circuits have made a breakthrough.
Newly, city occupancy continues to be a leader; 4 special Sopc platform products: 3- and 4-generation products are also being developed and are beginning to be promoted; 5mcu, imageai smart chips: relevant products have been developed and are beginning to be promoted; 6 digital signal processor dsp, video chip: relevant products are being developed
The show went well and will soon enter the company’s future series of specialized processor products;7 simulation products: a full set of secondary power solutions for users, with a rapidly expanding market share. The newly introduced high-speed radio frequency adc has been endorsed by the major users in the first half of the year.
Rapidly, companies continue to expand their industrial markets in a number of areas, such as finance, telecommunications, identification, and access to goods. For the large increase in the company’s Māori ratio, we believe that it is largely due to the rapid expansion of the company’s overseas market by billions of dollars, compared to 48.9%.
Decision: Support for crystal-circle personalized data writing, compatible with remote esim configuration, 5g connection, obtained a sas-up qualification certificate for gsma; 2 car digital key programmes: import successfully on client to deliver mass-loading as a new growth factor for the company in the future; 3 telecommunications sim, bank cards, No.
Second-generation resident identification cards, electronic travel documents: chip shipments have increased steadily overall.3. Crystalware operations: 2023h1, yielding revenue ($90 million, -33.35 per cent; income as a percentage of income, observing the impact of economic downturns and industry cyclical downsides.
Accurate products and the development of industrial key commons technologies, such as smd 1612osc super-small-size oscillators, have been successfully developed, and the “5g communication module with high-base rock crystals oscillators” industrialization project has been successful in actively expanding markets and improving the quality of development through acceptance.
4. Semiconductor powerware operations: the company actively deployed proxy resources, making breakthrough progress on 12 inches of igbt, sgt, sjmos. At the same time, multiple products are imported for certification and volume production with the combined advantage of the UV Group and external industry associations; efforts are made to expand new energy vehicles, photovoltaic reversibility,
Markets such as special power sources have seen a negative growth in operating income: the three lowest rates in the same decade: the 2023h1 company three rates (7.46 per cent compared to 0.94 pcts) have increased, while raising the returns on fund management, resulting in an increase in interest income over the same period in the previous year.
Long-term growth in R & D investment guarantees company near-Earth communications, safety algorithms, security precautions, high reliability in smart safety chips.
In the area of special integrated circuits, the company has access to highly reliable microprocessor structure design, command set design and implementation techniques, the introduction of high-performance system integration products (sopc) with on-site programming functionality; and in the field of crystallized frequency devices, the company has a full series of stones.
In the area of semiconductor power devices, companies can provide a full range of high-performance mosfet products covering 20v--
+26.33%) Increases are mainly due to the increase in the volume of stock in corporate integrated circuit operations and, in part, to the extension of the customer acceptance cycle. Specifically, raw materials (661 million yuan, compared with the beginning of the period +44.31%) have increased significantly, as companies store raw materials, produce sales in products and distribute goods and confirm them.
The company’s operating cash flow (US$1,149 million, +214.73%) is growing rapidly, largely as a result of the growth of integrated circuit operations and a significant increase in sales receipts. The stock buy-back is completed, accelerating equity incentives.
Gold repurchases shares for equity incentives or employee holding schemes. First repurchases were made on April 25, 2023 in the form of a centralized bid for equity repurchases, and this repurchase was completed on July 4, 2023 in the form of a cumulative repurchase of 6,396,000 shares in the company.
In order to keep the performance positive, and with the implementation of future equity incentives, it is expected that the company ' s performance will continue to be encouraged to invest in the company as an important provider of specialized domestic integrated circuits, with core technical excellence, strong position and systemic competitive advantages, we believe that:
1. In a context of autonomous control, the country ' s special chip area is expected to continue to grow at a high rate and at a rapid rate, and companies have entered into long-term partnerships with mainstream industrial substitute enterprises to build up deep customer resources with supply chains and client advantages, with full benefits;
The company's continued high-intensity R & D investment is expected to further enhance its chip design and industrialization capacity, enrich its product variety, make technological breakthroughs and lay the foundation for its sustainable development; 3. Repurchase of shares by companies for equity incentives or employee ownership, and enhance market confidence.
Industry competition has increased, product R & D has fallen short of expected risks, markets have not expanded as expected, competition has continued to intensify, and product prices have run the risk of falling.
China Air Stock Corps: Over 20 members of the largest military-industrial research team in the capital market, relying on the strong military-industrial shareholders of the aviation industry group, conduct military-industrial research, service the military-industrial industry, strive for foresight, depth, systems, comprehensive coverage of all areas of the military-industrial industry, service the capital market at the level of the first tier, and interact well with the regulatory, industrial, capital and so on, will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.