In the first half of the year, the company Specialic earned 2,164 million yuan, or +10.79 per cent; the Māori rate was 77,54 per cent, or 77,54 per cent.
1.10 pct. Smart security chip revenue of $1,462 million, i.e. +81.99%, Māori ratio of 49.32%, i.e. +7.66 ptt. Crystal business revenue of 90 million yuan, i.e. 33.35%, Māori rate of 17.08%, i.e. --10.47 ptt. Smart security chip business maintains good momentum, in telecommunications, finance, etc.
With new breakthroughs in several areas, business performance has grown significantly over the same period, expanding the product class for corporate performance growth, and new product volumes driving long-term growth. On the ad hoc level, the new generation of more high-performance fpga, special new storage units and products in the areas of dsp, video chip, etc. are about to arrive.
Completion of R & D; newly developed special nadflash, high-performance bus products, new-generation Sopc products, and mcu, imageai smart chips are already in the roll-out phase, while the company has launched a new series of industrial-level products.
The Division launched the one-stop solution for esim, in addition to the fact that the auto digital key program has been successfully imported on the client side to achieve mass-carrying.
The company’s basics are robust, current valuations are low, and investment attributes are prominent.
The Division, as a special ic flagship, looks forward to the company’s revenue contribution through the continuous roll-out of new products, as well as the expansion of the growth space in new areas.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Equipment, semiconductor materials, integrated circuit design Sub-group, subsequently joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group in November 2022, looking at optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc. Entering Shanghai Emblem Electronic Equipment (GSM) Inc. in September of that year, acting as PVS engineer, joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group in December 2022
Subgroups, which study sophisticated electronic instruments, semiconductor equipment, parts and components, semiconductor processes, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.