The electronics group has been growing steadily, with a significant increase in comb micros, a steady increase in special integrated circuits, and an increase in the Maori ring ratio.
1. “Systems: Specials: Keeping the Growth High, Repurchases the Trust”, 2023.3.30. “System Needs Persistence, Stereotyping: A Micro-Assessment of Purple”,
Special case fpga continues to be a leader in the industry market, and the development of a new generation of higher-performance products is progressing well. In the case of special storage units, the newly developed special Nandflash has moved to the market and the special new storage units are about to be launched.
The platform ' s products represent system-level chips that have been approved by the user, with three- and four-generation products and mcu, image-ai smart chips being promoted. In the area of simulation products, the Division has been launched through the serialization of single power sources, power modules and power-based appliance products.
The share of the market has continued to grow as users are provided with a comprehensive set of secondary power solutions. Smart security chips have generated income of 1,462 million yuan, an increase of 82 per cent over the same year, and Māori has increased by 284 per cent over the same year.
New breakthroughs continue to be made in a number of areas, such as telecommunications, finance, identification, and access to the Internet. With the impetus of the 5g wave, companies and partners have launched a one-stop solution for esims, which supports the writing of crystal-circle personalized data that is compatible with remote Esim configurations, 5g connections, etc.
The company’s car digital key program has been successfully imported on the passenger account, resulting in a volume load of vehicles.
The combined Māori rate dropped slightly from 1 pct to 64.8% in 2022, due to structural changes, a slowdown in the higher Māori specialic harvest rate, and an increase in R&D costs of 4.9 pct to 18%, which was historically high. The company announced a buyback program on 29 March, with a concentration in six months.
Repurchase shares will be used to implement future equity incentives and employee ownership schemes. As of 4 July, the company had completed the repurchase, with a cumulative amount of 6.4 million shares totalling $600 million.
Special integrated circuits require less than expected, and there is a risk that special integrated circuits will have a downside rate of Maori.