In the first half of the year, the company's special integrated circuits were created.
Business yields 2,164 million yuan, an increase of 10.79 per cent. The company’s new generation of higher performances, fpga, is about to complete its research and development, maintaining a leading position within the industry and expanding its user base. With regard to special storage units, the company’s newly developed special Nandflash has moved to the market.
Special new storage units are also about to be launched: corporate systems, represented by special Sopc platform products, have been approved by users, three- and four-generation products have been developed and are now being rolled out; mcu, imageai smart chips have also been developed and rolled out;
High-performance bus products are being developed into the roll-out phase, and various interface products are becoming the highest/lowest price in 52 weeks. Newly, market access continues to be a leading position; digital signal processor dsp, video chip
In addition, in the area of simulations, the company has limited technology through single power sources, power modules, and Tibet's purple Xinghua technology.
In the first half of the year, the new high-speed radio frequency adc acquired its main intelligent chip business. In the first half of the year, the corporate smart security chip industry gained momentum.
With a steady overall growth of chips such as telecommunications, bank cards, second-generation residential identity cards, electronic travel documents, the Division, together with its partners, launched the one-stop solution for esim, which supports the crystal-circle individualization.
According to writing, compatible with remote esim configurations, 5g connections, obtained a sas-up qualification for gsma: the Digital Keys for Vehicles programme has been successfully imported on the client side to achieve a mass load of vehicles, which is the driving force behind the new performance growth of the Division in the future.
In the case of crystals storage, high-quality growth in power devices has been reversed. In the case of crystals, the company achieved a revenue of $90 million in the first half of the year, a decrease of 33.35 per cent in the same year.
Continuous upgrades to meet demand in areas such as light modules and arithmetic servers; continuous enhancement of miniaturization, high frequency, high accuracy products and critical commons technology development, and successful research and development of products such as smd 1612osc super small-sized oscillators.
Markets such as energy cars, photovoltaic reversibility, and special power sources have seen a negative growth in operating income. Companies have actively deployed their surrogate resources, making abrupt progress in substituting 12 inches of gbt, sgt, sjmos.
Market demand has not recovered as expected; new products have not moved as fast as expected; market competition and the data used in this report have been derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and have been independently judged and concluded, seeking independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.