On August 25th, 2023, Shigeon Shigeon released its mid-2023 report, and the company became operational in the first half of 2023.
\triangleright realizes a net profit of 1.323 billion yuan (yoy+14.64%) from the non-repatriation of the parent. For the first quarter of the 2q23 season, the company's special integrated circuits grew robustly and new products continued to be introduced.
Circuits generated 2,164 million yuan (yoy+10.79 per cent), Māori 77,54 per cent (yoy-1.1pc), companies continuously optimize production processes, improve quality control, upgrade production automation, and produce output volumes continue to grow, and follow-up supply capacity and client responsiveness are expected to increase significantly.
Products, new industrial product series; enhanced R & D management; and high-quality promotion of new products. The company’s fpga product continues to be a leader in the industry, and the new generation of higher performance products is moving well towards completion; and special storage units continue to be the country’s most complete, technologically advanced leader in new developments.
Li Xiaoqing's special Nandflash has been moved to the market, special new storage units are about to be launched; high-performance bus new products are being introduced, various interface products are being updated and the city is still ahead of schedule; and special sopc is being used as a tool for the promotion of the market.
The platform ' s products represent system-level chips that have been approved by clients and developed for three- and four-generation products; mcu, Imagingai smart chips that have been developed and are beginning to be promoted; digital signal processor dsp, 1. Purple Micro (002049.sz) reporting points for the three-quarters of 2022
The development of products in areas such as video chips is well under way; the market share of analog products continues to grow; high-speed radio frequency adc has been recognized by major clients in the first half of 23; smart safety chips are growing at a high rate and profitability has increased significantly in the first half of 2023.
Quarterly reviews: high and sustained performance, special ic maintenance of total chip revenue of $1,462 million (yoy+81.99%), Māori ratio of 49.32% (yoy+7.66pct), high income growth and significant increase in profitability. During the reporting period, company telecommunications sim, bank cards, number one
Second-generation residential identity cards, electronic travel documents, etc., have been growing steadily, and new breakthroughs have been made in a number of areas, including telecommunications, finance, identification, and the Internet. The company ' s sim card chip business is at the top of the list in China and the whole of the world, in the Chinese secret bank card chip, in the new-generation traffic card chip, and in the I.D.
Head, posse, and the market share of the chip are leading in the country. In the 5g wave, the company and its partners worked out a one-stop solution for esim, which supports crystal-circle personalized data writing, compatible with remote esim settings, 5g connections, and obtained a sas-up qualification for gsma.
Clients have successfully imported, and a new growth factor for the future of companies is the volume-in-carrying. The “recommended” rating will continue to benefit from the growth of the specialic sector and the demand for alternatives to national production, with a ratio of 23/17/14 times the current price.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, their recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.