Researchchand developmentcenter has a strong position of systemic innovation based on the local business cycle.
The first report was covered by a major news flight (002230.sz).
The area of technology research and development in the company now covers most of the available ai research areas in voice interaction, machine vision and machine cognitive comprehension, among others.
The company’s business model is based on its core ai technology that provides services to developers, as well as to users at the end of g/b/c. Based on its business model, the company proposes “business-based” (intelligent education, openness) on this basis.
Long-term systemic innovation to build technical barriers can be created on the tracks of the stage, consumer business, smart medicine, smart cars, smart cities, etc. The company’s strengths are reflected in the lead of the i-technology and the speed of the application of the program.
In this case, the company has a leading advantage in a number of fields of study in the country, with large models showing domestic leadership, and in terms of intellectual education, code capability, etc., the multidimensionality is close to the chhatgpt level. On the ground, new technologies, such as large models of product acceleration, based on the company’s main lines of business, should be used.
Intelligent education: gbc resonance. The company's g-business “learning for materiality” solution is now being promoted from point to face across the country. According to our calculations, the total space for “learning for materiality” solution is expected to reach $29.53 billion.
The test is fully rolled out, and the test system construction operation is expected to continue with the "e heard" fee for oral exercises in the future. According to our calculations, the market space for the "e heard" product is expected to reach $6.11 billion/year.
The size of the market for learning machines is expected to reach $52.5 billion for ultra-traditional learning machines. Consumer hardware: the market share is ahead and both hardware and software are superior; in 2025, the market for office books, recorded pens and translators is expected to reach 3.547 billion yuan per year, 3.1 billion yuan per year, 5.4 billion yuan per year.
Year. Three of the company’s representative products, office books, audio pens, and translators, now account for the largest share of the market.
Open platform: The Big Star model will open up its interface on the open platform, enabling the model to achieve a rapid integration of reasoning capabilities that is expected to share its value with developers in the future through call fees, application of collaborative sharing, streaming and subscription fees.
An open industry platform based on large industry models has produced initial results. A profit forecast: a “buy-in” rating, driven by new technology such as a large model, is a corporate risk factor: 1. Government budgets are inadequate; 2. Models work less than expected; 3.ai commercialization is slow.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The company’s business model is based on its core ai technology that provides services to developers, as well as to users at the end of g/b/c.
In the case of b/g end users, the company offers industrial resolution programmes, such as smart education, smart medicine, smart cars, smart cities, etc., and for c end users, consumer electronic products based on the development of the ai technology, such as audio pens, translators, learning machines, etc.
On the basis of its business model, companies have proposed strategies based on “ground-based business” (business that generates long-term value in each industry track) and “systemic innovation”, which will be two of the most central engines for long-term development, and which increasingly build solid core competitiveness and entirely new barriers to competition.
The company's strengths are reflected in the technological leadership of the ai technology and the speed of the application of the program. Technically, the company has a leading advantage in a number of ai research areas, especially smart voice, and the combined performance of the company's large model is at the domestic level.
In the field of intellectual education in the firm’s deep-deeping, large models perform even better, following straight-up chhatgpt. In the application field, new technologies, such as a large accelerated model of products that depend on the company’s main lines of business, are in place: they are directed towards end-users, and large-scale model technologies are connected to consumer hardware products, which have led to a significant increase in sales; they are directed towards developers, with the help of developers.
The open-source platform is open to users to call interfaces for models; it is open to b-end users, with industry leaders and developers conglomerates built on the open-source 2.0 platform, and company tob applications, which are expected to accelerate further. Consumer operations: market share leads, soft and hard; office books, audio pens and translators in 2025
The size of the market is expected to reach 3.547 billion yuan/year, 3.1 billion yuan/year, 5.4 billion yuan/year.
By comparison with other competitors, it can be seen that the advantage of science is not only on the front line of product patterns (hardware), but also on the abundance and depth of product functions. Open platforms: Open platform 2.0 accelerates industry solutions to land, industry model platforms to begin with.
Platform 2.0 is expected to be further enhanced by working with industry leaders and developers to build an eco-circle and accelerate industrial solutions. The platform ' s revenue is now mainly generated by advertising (about 80%), and with the help of large models, coupled with the company ' s continued investment in the future (500 million dollars per year), the ratio of revenue of the authorized categories is expected to increase.
The Big Star Model will open up its interface on the open platform, enabling the rapid integration of model reasoning capabilities, and is expected to share the value of the developers in the future through call-to-use payments, application cooperation sharing, flow sharing, and subscription payments. The industry’s flagship has now developed an industry-based open platform based on industry models, which has already yielded initial results.
Smart education: Policy benefits + gbc resonance. The central focus of the “two-down” policy is to reduce out-of-school training, reduce in-school burdens, increase after-school services, and, in the context of the mismatch between the supply and demand of teacher and student resources, informatization is an effective means of achieving policy goals, which provides opportunities for educational informatization and intelligent hardware development.
The pilot areas of Qingdao and Yuang have achieved excellent results in a point-to-face manner; the total market space is expected to reach $295.3 billion as a result of the application. The G-side project continues to open and is expected to lead to the opening of b/c-end operations. The English language at end B is now told that the examination system has been fully rolled out in the middle and middle of the country, and that the examination system will be built in the future.
It is expected that the "e heard" fee will continue to be used for oral exercises, and we estimate that the "e heard" product will be market-oriented, with space expected to reach $6.11 billion/year.
Smart medicine: full coverage of pre-clinic consultations and plans to embrace large models. The company’s intelligent medical operations cover a wide range of products, pre-clinic, in-clinic and post-clinic, covering five fields of smart medicine, including health and intelligence.
Healthy hospitals, smart hardware, smart health insurance, smart movies. The company's core strength lies in its proposed “one-wing” technology framework system, which promotes technology constantly through learning from the base. After the Big Star model is launched, the SAT will embrace the big model technology, introduce the Big Star Awareness Model capability to the current mature technology system, and upgrade the pre-health treatment.
Smart cars: voice technology builds core strengths, big models enhance human passenger interaction. The company has a comprehensive system of smart car products, and the core function of the product revolves around smart voice technology, which provides both intelligent interaction and intelligence.
Soft, smart seating, smart driving, and so on, the industry chain positioning is a Tier1 supplier, offering the mainframe a smart seating solution for the whole car; the company has the advantage of leading the speech technology and the reusable nature of the product. As the smart cabin is becoming a new end to the user’s data, the user’s buy will is slowly increasing.
Market size and penetration are expected to expand further. With the aim of enhancing human interaction, the company plans to expand its human interactive dialogue capabilities from cars, enhance its multi-model interactive capabilities, customize its exclusive knowledge base, open standardized interfaces and provide efficient access to four multi-ecological directions, leading to a variety of smart-barrel custom solutions.
China is still in a state of rapid urbanisation, and smart urban operations in sank counties are still to be released. The company’s smart urban operations are widely distributed, mainly based on the smart government (digital government, smart justice) project: digital government operations are being developed around the “urban mind.”
In the provinces and cities, more than 2300 courts and nearly 10,000 courts, AI leads: Technology Top, Application Standing 1.1 Development: Artificial Smart National Team, Deep Farming Smart Voice for more than 20 years
Since its inception, it has been engaged in core technological research, such as smart voice, natural language understanding, and computer visualization, and has maintained international cutting-edge technology. For many years, the company has been pursuing its development strategy of “supremely”: “the apocalypse” means the core.
Technology has always been at the forefront of the international community, with “Standing Up” being a large-scale industrial application of technology outcomes (mainly through self-researched artificial intelligence platforms — open platforms for communication, one-stop artificial intelligence solutions for developers, field applications of technologies that have already been realized in the fields of education, health, intelligent cities, digital transformation of enterprises, office space, etc.).
The strategic period (2015-2018), the strategic period of aai2.0 (2019-to date). At the current stage of the strategic phase of aai2.0, after the application of algorithms and explorations, the strategic period of aai1.0 has officially entered a phase where the application of artificial intelligence applications has been scaled down to the core, and the dividends of the application of artificial intelligence have gradually emerged.
Technological breakthrough phase (1999-2014): The company was founded in 1999 and held a “half soup conference” in 2001, which formalized the direction of focusing on the speech industry; in 2006, the company first took part in the international speech synthesis competition and won its first position and has so far won 14 crowns; in 2008, the company successfully entered the market and became the only voice industry in China at that time.
Municipal enterprises; in 2010, the open platform was launched to provide technology and vertical landscape solutions related to smart voice, computer visual, natural language understanding, human machine interaction, etc., in a “cloud-end” manner; in 2014, the Department officially launched the “flying brain programme” to develop cognitive intelligence systems based on the neural network of the class.
Aai1.0 strategic period (2015-2018): In 2015, based on forward-looking decision “to maintain international leadership in core technology, rapid growth in income and rapid growth in user size, without pursuing current post-tax profit growth and a firm investment in future strategic directions”
As a foundational task, business applications are actively explored; in 2016, companies launched a news translator to create a new class of smart consumer products, widely recognized in the consumer market.
The recruitment of key talent has been largely well-placed and has led to fruitful business direction development, with a set of standard, calibrated and scaled-up products, artificial intelligence scale application dividends gradually emerging, and companies officially entering the ai2.0 strategy. At this stage, companies have added a new priority, per capita efficiency enhancement, with a strategic focus and comprehensive roll-out.
In 2021, the open-air platform was completely upgraded by 2.0, and the foundation for joint industry leadership was put into practice; in 2022, the "Step-over-brain 2030 plan" was launched to build a complex, self-evolving intelligence based on cognitive intelligence for human collaboration and self-evolving intelligence.
System; on 6 May 2023, the Great Starfire model went online, thanks to a build-up of technology, and the model, once released, took a leading position in the country. Figure 2: Corporate performance (millions of dollars) and the course of development