The value of the product fell, with a 43 per cent reduction in the return net profit per year - China ' s petrochemical annual report, 2020, and the value of the product fell by 43 per cent in the return net.
The annual crude oil processing volume of 237,000 tons is measured, and the stock loss is about 22.6 billion dollars. Looking ahead, in 2021, we'll be able to determine that downstream demand will continue to warm as the epidemic subsides, and that the prices of company products are expected to improve.
The impact of the sharp fall in prices; the losses of $5.6 billion in the operation of the refined oil plate, which is 36.2 billion less than in the same year; and the sales plate, which is the source of revenue from the epidemic, lower demand for chemical products, lower prices, and lower Māori in the chemical industry. The build-up of companies to protect the city’s rivers, such as size advantages, network access advantages, and technical barriers.
At the end of the year, the company had 30702 Chinese petrochemical gas stations in its core regions, or 0.1% of the total. The company refueled.
Technical barriers: companies have a number of core technologies in exploration, exploitation, and refining. 6160 patents were applied in 2019; China won one gold prize, three silver prizes, and three excellent awards.
With regard to oil refining, the development of different formulations for low-sulphur combustion vessels and the application of engine tests and long-lasting tests, high-end diesel oil meets the latest international standards and industrial production and commercialization.
On the industrial side, the second generation of highly efficient and environmentally friendly aromatic industry demonstration devices were successfully driven, slurry bed-based and legal dioxygen water was converted into industrial technologies, and the new structure molecular scms and 15s were coded by the International Molecular Sift Association.
7.7 times, 7.0 times. The petrochemical industry is currently 20 times more likely than the average of companies, and the company pb is only 0.71 times more, reporting a fall in the prices of major refined products, a net profit equal to the historical bottom, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
2 " China ' s petrochemical (600028) 20-year quarterly reporting point " International oil prices have fallen; the pace of the phase-out of backward capacity has slowed.
20200429 Yang Xing: The Nanjing University Lands School, in conjunction with the United States Department of Chemical Engineering, University of Rutgers, develops a PhD (Earth Detection and Information Technology, Calculating the Directions of Chemistry and Hydrocarbon Resources) for geochemistry. In October 2014, he joined the Human Security Scheme for industrial research in the direction of petrochemicals, building materials, 2015.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.