It's quite obvious that there's a huge amount of chemistry.com.tw.
Re-innovation is high, and the rise of integrated chemicals is higher than expected. The company ' s high-innovation h1 has benefited mainly from an upswing in the volume of staple products. Twenty-one years of epidemic relief, mdi demand has improved, overseas parts of installations have been overhauled, supply has become tight, and the company has enjoyed full value.
The company, as a global polyurethane tap, continues to expand its position as a solid leader, while at the same time it is active in the deployment of new petrochemical materials industry, which has always maintained a high pace of development, guaranteed future performance growth, sustained “buy-in” mdi volumes, and high H1 performance innovation: 196,000 yuan per ton in 21 years for H1 polymer mdi.
Yoy+66% for pure mdi at 221,000 yuan per ton, yoy+55%, tdi at 145,000 yuan per ton, vov+36%. The fall in prices in May and June is still at high levels in the same period of the previous year. Moreover, in February 2021, smoke station mdi devices completed 1.1 million tonnes per year of technology enhancement.
The company’s mdi production capacity has increased further, and the sales of major products have increased on a par. The company’s business performance in the first half of the year has increased significantly over the same period of 20 years, including the ultra-h1 low base period.
The combination of products, resistance, and the previous North American shutdown have not yet resumed, with Coth’s total output affected by 730,000 tons. In addition, the company issued a July renovation program, and the supply of mdi as a whole was tightened and prices quickly recovered.
The mdi is expected to have a flat and steady off-season period, with a q3 wang season. At present, the price of the polymer mdi is 205,000 yuan per ton, yoy + 78%, Mom + 27%, the price of the pure mdi is 230 million yuan per ton, yoy + 70%, Mom + 22%, the price of the tdi is 133,000 yuan per ton, yoy + 35%, the price of the company is 0%.
Global polyurethane taps, increasing production of solid taps, Ningbo and Fujian construction capacity of 1 million tons, and corporate global capacity of 3.6 million tons in 2023 are expected to rise
In addition to polyurethane plates, companies are active in petrochemical and new material industries. In the case of petrochemicals, the company’s million-ton ethylene project can be gradually released, increasing profits for the company, and the company will then expand on higher value added products downstream.
On the other hand, the company's pc-II installation, which is already in production with a capacity of 210,000 tonnes/year, will be further technologically expanded in the future to boost industry influence. In the broader context of carbon neutralization, the company is also active in the deployment of storage and degradationable plastic plates, and is planning to build a 6-year plan in El Niño.
Tons/year pbat biodegradation polyester project to meet domestic demand for biodegradable materials: Combining and fully funded subsidiaries - Lithium Smoke Stations, Lithium Batteries, Inc., entering the military storage energy plate. The company is growing from mdi to an integrated chemical pipeline, with improved industry chain layout and increased product variety.
In addition, cyclicality is expected to diminish, with broad prospects and prospects for the future.