Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 7 July, strategic cooperation agreement signed between Orient Raining and Manchurian Chemical Group. • Strategic cooperation agreement signed between the company and Orient Raining, mdi and polyether products used for waterproof paints, etc.
On 7 July, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed in Beijing between the Orient Raining and the Huanhua Chemical Group to build a long-term, stable strategic partnership between the two sides.
The management concepts of culture, production, etc. are similar, and it is hoped that in the future production and research exchanges will be strengthened, and that corporate prices will be consolidated in comparison with the 300-year-old trend, and that there will be an advantage of resources to work together to break through key bottleneck technologies.
Common innovation in the area of building materials, with more systemic solutions to guide the development of the industry.
To provide better services to large downstream customers ... to continue to consolidate the mdi and polyether markets ... to capture the dynamics of the market; (2) to safeguard the supply of important raw materials and reduce the cost impact of price fluctuations in raw materials for the Orient Rainbon: (3) to build industrial techniques for both parties
In recent years, the company has continued to strengthen its strategic cooperation with upstream and downstream enterprises, both as beneficiaries and as a enabler of the industrial chain.
Powerful. According to China's chemical industry statistics, over the past year, 10,000 Chinese have entered into strategic cooperation agreements with a number of companies, including Abu Dhabi State Oil, three trees, Chinese chemistry, China Central Control Technology, Dahua Shares, Eternity Group, Orient Rain Rainbow, etc., in polyurethane, petrochemicals, new materials, information, etc.
On the one hand, it can promote itself through cooperation between enterprises, technological innovation, technological development, marketing of products, procurement of raw materials, and optimization of management;
On the other hand, the open and innovative attitude of Wanda is also needed for cooperative firms.
2. mdi price differentials are expected to rebound, building materials or 30,000 watts have won Moodybaa2 ratings, contributing to the risk of increased internal management difficulties due to the expansion of the company ' s human capacity; core corporate products
Risks of large-scale proliferation, such as technological breakthroughs or joint ventures: less than expected project delivery; high volatility in product prices; high volatility in oil prices; and the risk of installation force majeure. Contact: San Xiangxiang, M.A. in Chemicals, Chinese Academy of Sciences, B.A. in Chemicals, Qinghua University.
The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be the result of specific recommendations or recommendations in the present report.