The Middle East reported a record high performance in the deployment of new energy sources to highlight the very nature of the giant Quantico Chemical (600309.sh) on 30th of July 2021.
On 29 July, the company released its semi-annual report for 2021, which together released a net profit-making margin in the first half of 2021, smoothing down the mdi price cycle.
In the field of PV and wind power through equity participation, the diversity of developments has brought to the fore the globalization of the industrial giants, our performance in the Vi q2 quarter has continued to grow, and petrochemical, new material plates have increased the profit margin of the company, which has achieved a net return profit of $6,909 million in q2, compared to a q1 ring + 4.35 per cent; and a net non-return gain has been achieved.
15,106 ton, ring + 1.49%, sales + 5%; petrochemical series averages 5,478 ton, ring + 1.18%. All three business plates show a constant increase in corporate performance, driven by a dynamic of up-to-date prices.
Performance; 2-quarter crude oil prices are strong, driving down-stream petrochemicals such as butol, acrylic acid and esters, pvc, etc. Prices continue to rise higher than q1, effectively smoothing mdi price fluctuations and increasing corporate profit margins.
During the reporting period, the company participated in HLN Ltd. and HLN Ltd.: 20 per cent of the stock HLN (Hiyang) of the Mandarin Chemical (Japan) Corporation, and the project planned the installation of the company ' s information update report - the report ' s performance was excellent.
With a capacity of 600 megawatts, the construction investment is expected to be 2,603 million yuan, which will build a photovoltaic power project that will complement the fishing light; Manhua, which is expected to highlight the complex nature of the globalized industrial giants; 18.57 per cent of the chemical (Hungary) Holdings Ltd.'s share capacity; and 18,57 per cent of the planned installed capacity of the project.
93mw wind-powered generators, with a total investment of $700 million. The company is actively setting up a “double carbon” strategy, and is committed to the corporate update report - three business panels.