The Center for Resource and Environmental Research reported over-performance, project landings to support long-term growth, company fundamentals (RMK)
The price of mdi has risen. As the new global coronary epidemic subsides demand, we project an annual rise of about 5-7% in polymer mdi. In the long run, applications such as refrigerator freezers, ellipse-free boards, polyurethane-based cooling materials have widened the demand for polymer mdi. For pure mdi, the soles of shoes in 2021.
At the supply end, extreme weather events abroad in March caused a shortage of mdi supplies. At the beginning of July, some overseas manufacturers encountered force majeure, and the supply of mdi products contracted.
In addition, in 2021, the Manpower Chemical Report (II): Disaggregated mdi industry, smoke station mdi devices completed 1.1 million tonnes/year of technology enhancement and company mdi production capacity was further increased.
In addition, the production of new devices such as millions of tons of ethylene has increased the production and sales of the company's petrochemical products.
In terms of project progress, on 15 June, the company produced 1.08 million tons of amphetamine per year.
The first evaluation revealed the second announcement of the 800,000 tonnes per year pvc project, the second announcement of the 250,000 tonnes/year tdi project, and the work on the auxiliary facilities of the company, icylates, Ltd.
On the basis of the three main operations of ammonia, petrochemicals and fine chemicals, we have accelerated the deployment of fine chemicals downstream and new materials-related areas, created new materials for innovative and integrated technology solutions, and we have long been looking forward to becoming platform-type new materials companies.
5. Polyurethane products with full price rises and corporate profits chenyi3@gjzg.com.cn Wang Minghui
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment