The Fujimdi project began the installation of equipment, with a future planning capacity of 1.6 million tons. On 21 August, a large-scale installation ceremony for the Mdi integration project was held by Huanhua Jianlong, based on the WCN. On 20 August, according to Fuku Qing news, Huanhua Chemical and National Energy Collection
The group signed a strategic cooperation agreement. ..the 400,000-mdi production unit in Fujian began to be installed and is expected to be operational in 2022. ..the 400,000-mdi project is under construction, of which the mdi device was launched on 21 August.
The company’s prices compare to the 300-degree trend in the installation of large-scale equipment, which means that the mdi phase will be completed next September, and that it is expected to produce qualified mdi products by the end of 2022.
Tens of thousands of tons of benzidine devices, 480,000 tons of nitrobenzene devices, 270,000 tons of rare nitrate devices. There is still room for continued expansion in the future and the potential capacity of the future Fujian base mdi is expected to reach 1.6 million tons.
mdi material consumption alone. The 31,360,000 tonnes of benzidine device could cover 1.2 million tons of mdi raw material needs, bringing the total capacity of Mdi at the Van Wafujia base to 1.6 million tons.
Not only high sales and prices, but also high investments and 2. How do you understand that the performance of the q2 in Manchuria is exceeding expectations?
The environmental evaluation of the 800,000-tonne pvc project was announced for the second time, with a total investment of $4,632 million, and the construction period of 63,000 watts is now 2021-07-year, with the construction of 400,000 tcm and pvc devices and ancillary facilities in one and two phases, respectively.
The main purpose of the project is to absorb hydrogen by-product chlorine in the production of mdi/tdi and to increase the combined utilization of resources. (2) After the completion of the project, the second EXA of the 250,000 tonnes of Tdi expansion project was announced, with a total investment of 1.927 billion yuan over a two-year construction period, which is expected to start production in the first half of 2023.
Vanhua Chemical tdi production capacity will expand further, with significant advantages. The west wing of the Vanhua Fujian Industrial Park will be based on a new catalytic material zone, using good world-class ports, an accompanying industrial chain cluster, which will all form 1.6 million tonnes/mdi/year, and 250,000/year.
Tons of tdi, 800,000 tons of pvc, 1 million tons of falcon production capacity, and radioactivity in South and South-East Asia. The Van Wafjia base will also be the third largest production base for the company after the smoke station and Ningbo.
By 4.85 million tons, the global city share is expected to rise from 27 per cent to over 35 per cent, industry leaders working with the National Energy Group strategy to build a model base for integrated energy applications in Fujian.
The Energy Group (Fukugi) signed an agreement on the transfer of shares with the new material of the Huohua Chemical (Fukugi): the new material of the Huohua Chemistry (Fukuchi) and the new energy source of Tianjin Fukuyun signed the agreement on the transfer of shares: the new material of the Huohua Chemistry (Fukuchi) and the thermal power of the National Energy Agency (Fukuzhou) signed a strategic cooperation agreement on the transfer of the new material.
The two sides will use their respective strengths to build demonstration bases for integrated energy applications, build regional thermal cogeneration energy stations, promote the use of energy ladders and achieve the goal of efficient emission reduction and environmental protection. By the end of 2025, it is expected that both sides will be engaged in various public works, such as steam, new photovoltaic energy, electricity markets, etc.
This strategic collaboration has helped to build an industrial park to become “campaignization, integration, scalding, high-end, fine-tuning, nationalization, etc.”
The risk of increased internal management difficulties due to the expansion of the company's human capacity; the risk of large-scale proliferation of company core products due to technological breakthroughs or joint ventures; and the lack of progress in the implementation of the project.
Considerable fluctuations in product prices: significant fluctuations in oil prices: risks of installation of force majeure. Contact person: San Xiang Xiang, Master of Chemical Industries of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Bachelor of Chemical Sciences of Qinghua University. Prudent research methodology, using legally compliant information, independent and objective presentation of this report, data and information used in this report
The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or observations contained in this report.