The Centre for Resource and Environmental Research reported high performance, business symbiosis upwards, company fundamentals (RMB)
The company’s industrial chain is highly integrated, with three major industries resonant: polyurethane, petrochemicals, new materials, and fine chemicals. The company’s polyurethane plate generated revenue of 28.42 billion yuan, an increase of 111.8 per cent and the Māori rate of 46.3 per cent, an increase of 11.36 percentage points; and the petrochemical business generated revenue of 27.158 billion yuan, an increase of the same value.
Downstream market demand has improved, and consumption upgrades have contributed to the widening of the application of mdi.
San, and has begun to penetrate into the general renovation market; modern cold chain operations are rapidly developing, polyurethane plywood plyers 2. "Multi-Certain Chemical Report (II): Disaggregation of the mdi industry has achieved significant development in this field with its superior performance; and “carbon neutral” is also built for polyurethane.
The use of energy efficiency creates a good external environment. We predict an increase in mdi demand of about 5-7% per year. At the supply end, extreme weather events abroad in March led to an undersupply of mdi, and July 3. " Polyurethane is rising at a very high price, and corporate profits are growing rapidly.
At first, some overseas manufacturers experienced force majeure, and the supply side of mdi products contracted further. In combination with supply and demand, we thought that the price of mdi products would go up. In the first half of 2021, the company ' s smoke station mdi installed 1.1 million tonnes/year of technology for expansion and the company ' s mdi ' s capacity increased further.
As a result of the rise in crude oil prices and the extraordinary impact of offshore installations, petrochemical products as a whole are on the rise. At the end of the spectrum, the rise in crude oil prices is more cost-driven for ethylene and polyolefin products.
There has been steady growth in demand for goods, and demand from overseas has gradually returned to normal levels, but some of the installations abroad have been unusual, with prices for petrochemical products mostly rising in the first half of the year when demand and supply have been wrongly matched. Several projects have advanced in an orderly manner to support long-term growth in the future.
Milliton Ethylene in Industrial Parks, Myeyama and Fujian polyurethane projects to support the company ' s future long-term Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn Wang Minghui
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment