German shares (605117): Pakistan’s electricity prices have had a limited impact, with a year-round target of no change in German shares (605117). According to Global Watch, Pakistan’s electricity prices are expected to fall sharply in October.
Pakistan’s electricity minister has offered to negotiate with the independent power producer, IPPs, on the price of electricity, and the current price of electricity has been reduced. According to China’s energy report, the average monthly cost of electricity for Pakistani households was $350 in 24 years, compared to an average of $100 per month in 2023.
German shares in the 24-year-old newspaper state that “Pakistan’s long-term lockdown due to fuel shortages, weak power generation capacity and a high rate of grid ageing, and the massive increase in residential electricity prices at the demand of imf, have driven demand for light storage”, and emerging markets such as Pakistan, India and others.
The lack of electricity creates a rigid demand, as well as a system-to-system-to-promotion boost with high electricity prices, policy pushers, and lower battery prices, driving demand up. The market is generally convinced that the higher the price of electricity, the more power the user installs the light storage, the greater the power, the fear that the price of electricity will fall in Pakistan or the local population will install the light storage, and so on.
In Pakistan, demand began in December 23, with demand for German shares in the reverses accounting for 14% of income in Pakistan in the first half of the year.
From an industry-wide perspective, the expected sales of 500,000-600,000 storage reversors in 24 years, 25 per cent plus the same ratio, while we believe that one of the underlying causes of high electricity prices in Pakistan is poor grid infrastructure (line loss rate, 22 per cent, world-first) and severe power outages due to power shortages, even when electricity is out of order.
Prices have fallen, and residents still have a stronger willingness to install light reserves. So we think that this time Pakistan’s electricity prices may have had a limited impact on the company’s performance.
The risk continues to spread, with a gradual recovery in European markets and an increase in the share of goods and cities.