Reverser shows bright eyes, battery bags fast start, November 02, 2024 \triangleright \triangleright
Thanks to strong demand in emerging markets and the reconstruction of Ukraine, 24q3 has seen high growth in in inverter operations. \triangleright since the beginning of the 24th century, emerging markets represented by Pakistan, India, the Philippines, and Myanmar have suffered from severe power shortages.
As a result of the surge in demand for electricity, the policy push, the economic upturn in the price of components and batteries, and the surge in demand for light storage in emerging markets, companies benefited from the pre-emerging differentiated deployment of emerging markets, which featured prominently in emerging markets, while companies continued to invest in European markets and captured Ukraine.
Down Young-kang's need for household reserves to rebuild after the disaster led to the growth of corporate inverters. In the first three quarters of the year, companies caught Pakistan, Ukraine, Germany, India, Philippines, and South Africa with a sharp fall in the market.
The emerging market demand, such as that of Bin, Burma, has further expanded market coverage, leading to quarterly growth of the inverter business, Jubaino. 24q3 net profits have increased at a positive rate for three consecutive quarters, emerging markets such as Asia and Africa, and passing on.
The growth in demand in Europe and Ukraine has led to the ongoing repair of the company's inverter business, which has led to a rapid growth of the company's inverted battery package business.
\triangleright Forest Favourability, Long Cycle Life, etc., developed in conjunction with self-owned storage reversors, with companies actively using storage to reverse
In the first three quarters of the year and 25 years, we believe that the company's battery package operation is expected to keep up the momentum, with a further increase in the German share (605117.sh) in the semi-annual 2024.
Review: High demand in emerging markets, high performance expectations of 24q2 - Quarterly rating in 024: two-wheel drive in light storage, re-growth of the 24q1 retrofitter, rapid growth of the storage energy battery package and maintenance of the “recommended” rating.
Review: South Africa ' s high stock affects delivery, profit phase pressure - \triangleright 2023/10/30
4. German shares (605117.sh) 2022. Research findings from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence, and whose findings have not been received, either directly or indirectly, by reason of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.