German shares (605117.sh) Optimal profit enhancement of the delivery structure, strong channel advantage Māori ring ratio significantly increased, probably influenced by optimization of the delivery structure: company q3 as a whole
1. German Holdings Review: Emerging Market Demand Release, q2 Performance Reverse Q2 is influenced by the optimized delivery structure. q3 Customs Reverser Export Data, Serial Demand Growth, 2024.8.27
The dominant regions of South-East Asia, Brazil, etc., have slightly slowed down, while the demand for storage reversors is 2. "In-depth research by German Holdings: Household Reverse Black Horses, Emerging Markets, Germany, Ukraine, etc., continue to rise.
The company’s relatively high q3 ratio of storage reversibles and battery packages is expected to increase, driving the Māori ratio to a large upturn. The performance ratio is rising, and the channel advantage remains strong: according to the Customs Department, q3 is a domestic reversible.
Against a backdrop of a decline in industry q3 ring q3 revenues and net return earnings, corporate q3 returns have remained on the rise, and certification is still strong in downstream emerging market channels.
The downstream channel advantage of the company is expected to continue to be maintained, with a slight increase in the inventory ring ratio, which is expected to be affected by typhoons and supplies: as of the end of the third quarter, the stock size of the Division was 1.38 billion yuan, with a 20.9 per cent increase in the ring ratio, which is expected to be mainly caused by typhoons.
Q4 was entered with a contract liability of $523 million as of the end of Q3 and a 66.3 per cent ring increase, and with the end of the rainy season in the South-East Asian region, the demand was warming, and the company was officially listed for a series of new items.
Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings, based on the company's three-quarters report and our latest industry judgement, have increased by 2024-2026 to less than expected demand in emerging markets; increased competition in markets; and international trade risks.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Analysis of the rates of the reports in the market.