Industrial transport. Annual stock exchange reviews, maintaining high growth, layout “supply chain + freight forwarder” moating the river.
The Quick Transport Division is still the most profitable sector of the company, and comprises mainly statute of limitations, economy, medicine, and cold transport, and international sub-business. The Quick Transport Branch achieved a net profit of 8,987 million in 2020.
The Māori rate is 18.96%. Among these, the economy has released a scale effect under a slow-separation programme, which has led to a 64% increase in the economy as a result of grid penetration into the electricity market, from 24% to the total market value/flow (million yuan)
The fast-moving and other segments (including the same city, the supply chain, other incubating new business, etc.) have suffered small losses, but have improved significantly.
In the future, when separation becomes effective, the supply chain or incubation becomes a new business model. Also, attention needs to be paid to the pace of space and equipment inputs, which may increase short-term costs.
The Oblast airport is the biggest bright spot in the future, reaching 3.3 million tons in the first country to be predominantly freight-forwarded. Compared to the mail traffic at the first city airport in the country in 2020: Shanghai, Pudong airport is 3.69 million tons, Shinzhen airport 1.76 million tons, Shenzhen airport 1.4 million tons, capital.
A comparison of 1.21 million tons of the airport. A high rate of post-mail growth can be seen after the opening of the airport.
A freight forwarder’s support is essential. Companies disclose the acquisition of 51.8% of their stockholdings in Gary’s logistics, which happens to have extensive international freight forwarder coverage networks, and which have been in the South-East Asian markets for many years.
The complementarities between the two are high, and it is hoped that the future will work together strongly to accelerate expansion. On 26 March, the performance of the year 2020, as announced by Garry Logistics (0636.hk), showed that the year was over.
Of this amount, international freight forwarders accounted for 27 billion, or 60 per cent, or 39 per cent. The net return profit from the Cali logistics was 2.4 billion for the year 2020. If both the boom and the acquisition were to be successfully completed, the number one was expected to be removed from the Hong Kong warehouse, etc.
In 2022, a full financial year is expected to increase profits by about $800 to $1 billion. In particular, this is not included in the calculation of this report.
See, the opening of the Orzhou airport will reduce the company’s freight costs, improve its logistics efficiency, and thus further improve the core competitiveness of the fast-moving branch. We expect the company to return to net airport construction in the next three years, with costs rising faster than expected, and express prices falling too fast.
Profit projections and financial indicators: Affordable Holdings Annual Report, maintaining high growth, layout of Supply Chain + Forwarding Waterfront Institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.