(000408.sz) Basic Chemical Potassium Potassium Fericium iii. Performance growth is expected, pending battery-grade lithium carbonate release
Events: On 29 August, the company disclosed that the first half of 2018 had achieved revenue of 1,140 million yuan, an increase of 5.4 per cent over the previous half year; the parent ' s net profit of $430 million, an increase of 37.4 per cent over the same period, was close to the company ' s performance ceiling. The main reason for the growth was the rise in the unit price of the company ' s products, accompanied by a significant increase in trade revenues.
The increase in the price of potassium fertilizer has stabilized and sales have declined, and the price of potassium fertilizer has risen somewhat in the second half of the year: 948 million yuan, or 10.91 per cent less, has been achieved in the business of potassium 2018h1, mainly as a result of a decrease in sales of potassium chloride in the first half of the year, with the Māori rate of potassium chloride at 70.68 per cent (-0.5 ptt), which remains at a high level.
About $1616.7 per ton, according to company performance forecasts, the unit price of 18h1 potassium chloride increased by approximately $55 per ton on a year-to-year basis, i.e., $1671.7 per ton, which would result in the sale of approximately 566.9 million tons of the company ' s 2018h1 potassium chloride, down by the same year. Potassium chloride production industry, which currently has 2 million tons of potassium chloride capacity, will be completed with exploration in the Great Wave Beach Area for future chlorine.
Tons, which are not enough to meet domestic demand, still need to be filled by imports from Canada, Russia, etc. The price of potassium domestic fertilizer is mainly based on the price of a large trade contract. According to the China Agricultural Resource Flows Network, on 25 August Belarus bpc entered into a large potassium fertilizer contract with Indian ipl, at a price of $290 per ton, compared to the price of the 2017 potassium fertilizer contract.
The battery-grade lithium carbonate project is moving ahead in an orderly manner, and is expected to become a tap of lithium from salt lakes: the company joined the new energy industry in August 2017, deciding to build a new battery-grade lithium carbonate project with an annual output of 20,000 tons. January-April 2018, the company landed on the ground.
The contract for engineering design, lithium lifting, separation and enrichment equipment was renewed with East China Technology, Blue XiaoTech, Shining China. The construction work of the 2018h1 company was 445 million yuan, an increase of about 166 per cent from the beginning of the year, of which 20,000 tons/year lithium carbonate project was added to the construction work of approximately 296 million yuan, as can be seen from the company ' s 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate project
In the first phase, which has already entered the substantive construction phase, it is expected that the installation of lithium lifting equipment will be completed in the second half of the year and will be ready for production by the end of the year until the first quarter of next year. Copper mining resources are expected to be injected to add a new profit point to the company: on 2 August 2018, the company announced that they were to be purchased.
51% shareholding in the dragon copper industry, with a provisional value of $9.18 billion, the coronary copper industry currently hosts three copper mines (the dragon copper mine, the bronze mine known to be the bronze mine, the ronino copper mine), with a total of 98.506 million tons of copper metal, accompanied by molybdenum metal, 49.95 tons of Tibetan-controlled stocks: potassium fertilizer continues to perform well, and salt lakes carry lithium.
Tens of tons of molybdenum, accompanied by 356.4 million tons of molybdenum metal, and the post-partum removal of the dragon copper mine will significantly alleviate the supply and demand of the country’s mine, which is under-produced and externally dependent. The investment proposal is that the company’s potassium fertilizer industry be robust, with a new battery-grade lithium carbonate project and a copper mine injected into the expected scenario.