Strongly recommended (maintenance) Precision (002475.sz): Profits point upwards positive, mobile phone assembly elasticity gradually materializes
We have precisely anticipated corporate profitability, with actual profits in the first three quarters slightly higher than we predicted at $15 million, the same forecast year-round. The company collected $14,425 million in the first three quarters, and, as we predicted, the company’s second quarter profit trap was established, and the third quarter started to be clear upwards.
Head. O3 Roe 6.44% ring growth of 1.24 percentage points, due to the gradual elimination of performance repression due to various factors such as the epidemic, good production rates, raw material costs, and manpower. Sub-applications, O3 consumer electronics, computer interconnection plates are the main drivers of growth.
The field of communications and automobiles has gradually become more dynamic after many years of layout. In the product pattern, the profitability of the q3 module and the system assembly business has gradually emerged, and we estimate that 70 per cent of the company ' s profit growth in 2022 will come from the system assembly and module business.
The company's cellular assembly business has become a very elastic plate, and o3. Despite the changes in the overall structure of the large client's cellular delivery, the company's cellular assembly business has risen steadily, and we expect the company to be in iphone in 2022.
" [electronic] precision (002475.sz): Ipho ne assembly business has increased by 20221020 (2022.10. We measure the company ' s 22-year net return to the mother, which is expected to be $9,728 million, and 23 years to the mother. "
The company has been transformed from a cluster supplier to a system solution provider, representing the top of Chinese consumer electronic manufacturing.
And car connectors and domain controls, 002475.sz: Complete, we give a reasonable value range of 25x-30xpe based on 23 years of corporate profit, corresponding to the share price.
Large client sales risk, economic and political risk, internal management of billions of yuan, plus 50% of the year. Of this, q3 achieved 63.29 billion yuan, or +93% of the year; net profit returns were 2,616 million yuan, or +63% of the year, net deductions from mothers.
1.24 percentage points, due to the gradual elimination of the effects of the epidemic, good production rates, raw material costs and human capacity, and to the fact that consumer electronics, computer interconnection plates are the main engine of growth in the field of application, and that the area of communications and automobiles, which have evolved over the years, have grown dynamically, and we expect the company ' s automobile operations to be active in 2023, contributing 15 per cent to the net profit increase.
In terms of product patterns, the profitability of three-quarter modules and systems assembly operations is gradually becoming apparent. The company upgraded its business strategy from a sophisticated component to a system-level module and system-assembly, gradually completed in 2021, and began to function in 2022. The company continued to gain high client approval for a combination of new and old products, such as sophisticated structure modules, system encapsulation, optical display modules, and we split the profit structure according to the lines of operations.
The company’s mobile phone assembly business, which has become a very flexible plate with a higher proportion and a better rate, has been gradually implemented. As noted in the Iphyne Packing Business Growth Assessment, based on our three-quarter performance outlook: Despite the changes in the overall structure of the large customer’s mobile phone, the company has been matched by the company.
Cellular assembly operations have continued to rise steadily, and we expect that the overall share of the company on the iPhone will rise from 10.4% to around 10.7% in 2022. Meanwhile, production along production lines will gradually increase in abundance, good rates, and the company will continue to increase its profitability in three quarters of its cellular assembly operations, as reflected in the returns on corporate investment.
The company has moved from a component supplier to a system solution provider, representing the top levels of consumer electronic manufacturing in China, and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years. And related operations, such as car connectors and domain controllers, have also accelerated in 23 years, and are expected to increase overall profits to 15%.
The risk of volatility in sales by large clients: the relative concentration of customers downstream of the company, and the adverse sales or roll-out of new products by closely tied large customers, will have a direct impact on the volume of the company’s output, thereby causing some volatility at the end of the company’s collection. Economic political risk: the global economy is depressed and uncertain, and downstream end demand performance may be poor, affecting the company’s product demand and demand.
At the same time, corporate clients are concentrated abroad and have multiple subsidiaries in Taiwan, China, Hong Kong, China, the United States, Viet Nam, etc. The future political environment is influenced by such factors as large-scale games, or creates uncertainty about corporate profitability.
The area of operations is relatively fragmented. Internal management, market opening, production management, etc., may be a problem in the expansion of the map.