Guoxuan High-Tech
China
2018 results delayed - Management cut earlier profit
SELL
estimates by more than 30%
Consensus ratings*:
Guoxuan High-Tech made two announcements on 24 April, indicating 1) a >30% cut
in previous 2018 earnings guidance, and 2) a delay in its 2018 and Q1 2019 results
release from 26 to 30 April.
The earnings guidance cut and the delay in the results release reinforces our cautious
view on Guoxuan High-Tech's earnings growth recovery outlook for 2019–2020.
We will revise our numbers after it releases more detailed results on 30 April. We
Reuters:
currently have a SELL rating on Guoxuan High-Tech. As a smaller player, the
Bloomberg:
002074 CH
Company should have more difficulty surviving under future competition with domestic
US$2,510m
Market cap:
leaders like CATL, as well as foreign competitors. We think a poor earnings growth
Rmb16,936m
recovery outlook will put its share price under pressure in 2019.
US$54.6m
Average daily turnover:
Surprising cut to 2018 earnings
Rmb367.0m
Guoxuan High-Tech made two announcements on 24 April, indicating 1) a >30% cut in
1,137m
Current shares o/s:
previous 2018 earnings guidance, and 2) a delay in its 2018 and Q1 2019 results release
52.1%
Free float:
from 26 to 30 April. The downward revision in its 2018 earnings guidance reflects 1) its
more conservative recognition of revenue and costs incurred with counterparties like
Ankai Bus, and 2) additional asset impairment made on doubtful accounts receivable.
The revised guidance includes a 16.8% cut in its 2018 revenue guidance and a 31.9%
cut in its 2018 net profit guidance (Fig 1). The downward revision in its 2018 earnings
guidance suggests there will be downside revision to consensus earnings estimates for
the Company in 2018–2020E. We will adjust our earnings forecast for the Company for
2019–2020E after it releases its 2018 and Q1 2019 results on 30 April.
Disappointing results confirmed our negative view
The earnings guidance cut reinforces our cautious view on Guoxuan High-Tech's
earnings growth recovery outlook for 2019-2020. Even with additional capacity
against market expectations. With further subsidy cuts, we expect China's NEV demand
growth visibility to remain low in 2019–2020. Even with a positive demand growth, the
subsidy cuts will put further pressure on ASP and margins. Guoxuan High-Tech doesn't
have the same technology and cost competitiveness as domestic leader CATL, which
puts it in a dangerous position when facing more intensified competition resulting from
the massive government subsidy cut. With a downward revision in its 2018 earnings, we
think its 2019 earnings growth visibility will also worsen.
Smaller players to face more competitive difficulties
As we highlighted in our initiation report published on 17 April, Guoxuan High-Tech is a
smaller player compared to industry leaders like CATL and other Japanese and Korean
companies. Its products are concentrated in the lower end of the NEV battery industry.
As a 2nd tier industry player, the Company should face more challenges meeting
demand from major OEMs for technology development and cost reductions. Without any
firm bonds with major OEMs, we expect Guoxuan High-Tech to lose market share in
China and to have greater difficulty growing into a global player in the long term.
Maintain SELL
We have a SELL rating on Guoxuan High-Tech with a target price (TP) of Rmb11.00. Our
TP is based on a target 2019E PER multiple of 13x (1.3x PEG). The poor earnings
growth recovery outlook should put its share price under pressure in 2019. We will adjust
our TP after we revise our numbers after the release of its 2018 and Q1 2019 results.
Analysts
Kelly Zou
An Zhang, CPA
Johnson Cheung
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Auto Parts | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of interest
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
: share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
BUY
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.