The epidemic affected the company ' s short-term performance, which remained high for the long term, and the quarterly improvement in 2019. The epidemic affected the company ' s recovery process: based on changes in the company ' s income and profits over four quarters in 2019, it can be seen that the company ' s performance has improved significantly, and income has improved.
The impact of the fall in profits and the fall in profits from the season, but the emergence of the 2020q1 epidemic has had a greater impact on the company’s performance. The epidemic has led to the suspension of the company’s cinema advertising since the spring festival, a certain decline in the demand for the downside and the delayed resumption of work in the media, and the performance of the Wuhan region during the epidemic.
The above factors together led to the end of the expansion of the cost of the company's performance after two quarters of marginal improvement, the downswing of the building screens, the spread of the disease, the reduction of the rental of cinema advertising, and the reduction of the rental of the media: the cost of operating the company since the start of 209q1 is unknown.
And, as a result of the economic downturn, the company has shrunk its screen accordingly, and is expected to lower the rent level of the building’s media, both of which will reduce the pressure on the company’s profits to decline.
▪ Refunds are better than expected and impairment pressures are expected to decrease: impairment of accounts receivable has been one of the main factors delaying corporate performance over the past year, but the total accounts receivable has decreased since last quarter, with a significant decline in the accounts receivable ring in the first quarter of 2020 and a positive impairment of accounts receivable
The allowance rate has been reduced accordingly, indicating an improvement in the company’s accounts receivable structure. We expect that the pressure on corporate accounts receivable will be significantly reduced in 2020.
The reduction in the scale of market financing at the primary level since the improvement of indicators 2019-10-31 has led to a decrease in the willingness of advertisers of the new economy to present themselves, which is the search for truth in public history — a division of the press.
The main reason for the decline is that the traditional sector advertisers, who account for the bulk of the company’s revenues, have continued to earn 9,645 million, an increase of 7.81 per cent over the previous half of the year, an increase that has accelerated, with relative stability in advertising spending overall and a degree of improvement in the company’s collection structure.
Value and performance fluctuations: In the year 2019, as the epidemic improves, there are signs of quarterly improvement in corporate performance, as well as some improvement in the current industry competition bureau, where we maintain the company's “buy-in” rating and recommend a positive layout.
Billion dollars, 49.2 per cent lower than the same year, and the company simultaneously published a quarterly report for 2020, generating revenues of $1.938 billion, a year-on-year decline in performance that improved by 1.2019. The epidemic affected the company ' s recovery process and, based on the company ' s income and profit changes over the four quarters of 2019, it can be seen that the company ' s business performance is already clear.
Improved, reduced earnings and profits from the seasons, but the emergence of the 2020q1 epidemic has had a greater impact on the company’s performance. The epidemic has led to the suspension of the company’s cinema advertising since spring, a certain decline in demand and delay in the reworking of the building’s media, and a near stagnation in the Wuhan region during the epidemic, which together led to the company industry.
After two quarters of marginal improvement, performance fell considerably. 2. Cost expansion came to an end, building screens began to shrink, the disease hit, cinema advertising business was reduced rents were reduced, media rents were reduced.
As a result of the new wave of media competition, companies have expanded their screens since the second quarter of 2018, and the strategy has stopped since this year. The impact of increased screen size on operating costs (mainly rent, depreciation, staff remuneration) has been fully reflected in quarterly statements, and it can be seen that there has been no significant increase in operating costs for companies starting with 219q1.
Moreover, the company’s operating costs in 2020q1 fell considerably, by $456 million, compared to $446 million, which is the main reason for the company’s failure to lose in the first quarter of the year.
The company ' s cinema advertising business has been exempted from rent while, since 2019, macroeconomic downturns, the weak media advertising industry, and the company ' s efforts to reduce the number of screens, the company ' s screens have dropped from a peak of 27.39 million h1 in 2019 to 24.89 million at the end of 2019. Together, they have resulted in a reduction of rent costs by $309 million per quarter.
As the number of inefficient screens decreases, the company’s overall profitability is expected to be optimized.
Starting negotiations with property to reduce rent levels, rental costs are expected to decrease significantly this year. Optimizing screen numbers and lowering rental costs will reduce the pressure on companies to lose profits.
Impairment of accounts receivable has been one of the main factors delaying corporate performance over the past year, but the total amount of accounts receivable has declined since last year, beginning in the fourth quarter, with a significant decline in the accounts receivable ring in the first quarter of 2020 and a corresponding reduction in the reserve rate of withdrawals, indicating an improvement in the corporate accounts receivable structure.
4. There has been a marked improvement in the client structure, with a significant decrease in the share of Internet advertising owners, which has decreased by 3.114 billion on a year-on-year basis, while corporate revenues have declined by 24.15 billion over the same period, resulting in a reduction in the size of market financing at the first level since the second half of last year, resulting in a willingness to invest in the new economy.
Decline is the main reason for the decline in corporate revenue. But traditional industry advertisers, who account for the bulk of the company’s income, still earn 96.45 billion, an increase of 7.81 per cent over the previous six months, an increase faster than in the first half of the year.
With regard to the domestic advertising market, we can look at the impact of changes in demand on the advertising budget from two stages: the sars broke out in 2003, but we see that the overall growth in advertising (19.4%) was not significantly affected, but rather increased. During the financial crisis of '09, domestic advertising increased significantly, but with the passage of the financial crisis of '09.
Jean gradually adjusted and the depressed demand began to be released in 10 years and 11 years, two years after the growth in the scale of the advertising, a long history of global advertising, the increase in advertising spending was synchronized with spending on personal consumption, and although there were short-term fluctuations, the long-term pattern was fully positive, and as long as the economy was growing, advertising spending would continue to grow, and it was now under pressure.
The demand for advertising will only delay its release. The country’s spending on advertising remains low at the gdp level, and the overall growth in advertising is still expected to accelerate faster than the gdp in the longer term.
6. As can be seen from the following graph, the proportion of the budget invested by advertisers in the public media as a proportion of their total budget is increasing gradually, from 1.09 per cent in 2012 to 1.51 per cent in 2018, and the total amount of advertising in the first half of 2019.
Against the backdrop of a decline of 8.8% in traditional media and a decline of 12.8% in traditional media (ctr data), traditional advertisers have also increased by 6.08%, reflecting the growing position of building media. Markets have observed a rapid growth in brand advertising in the first half of 2019 and new media that are represented by tremors.
But both are necessary for business development, there is no problem of substitution, and the current changes in budget spending are simply a re-entry of advertisers in response to the economic downturn. Consumers go through about five mental stages, from exposure to marketing information to purchasing behaviour: a note.
In the first four stages, brand advertising plays its role as the basis for consumer awareness, and effect advertising is primarily the last link - the promotion of purchasing behaviour.
For products that do not have branded knowledge, even buying traffic advertising does not have a better transformation effect than a product that has branded visibility, and once such products are stopped from posting traffic advertising, their sales may fall significantly, but once the cards are accumulated, they are sustainable, so brand advertising and effect advertising are all necessary for business development, but only if they do.
There is no problem of substitution between choice in a given economic context (a poor economic situation in which advertisers tend to reduce long-term investment in brand advertising and place more budgets on short-term impact advertisements).
The cinema has been under regulation since Spring Festival, and we expect that it will return to normal in the second half of 2020. We have also seen some improvement, and we maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating and recommend a positive layout.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board