Public media (002027): The main camp comes out of the most difficult moments, the competition patterns suppress the evaluation, the mass media.
The public media created the country’s largest urban life media, and consumer customers led to an upturn in advertising. The public media were used as a channel for advertising, a network. The company’s current main business was the media.
In 2019, the domestic advertising market, with weak demand, was developed and operated, with the main product being the building media (including soft, industry-facilities). Internet-based advertising in the company’s customer structure was based on the market financing environment.
Elevator TV and elevator poster media, cinema screens, a significant reduction in advertising revenue from the Internet industry due to budget cuts. Meanwhile, advertising and terminal media, etc., cover the urban mainstream.
The income of the traditional advertising customers of the industry, represented by consumer goods, is growing rapidly.
Looking at the number of advertisers placed in a city's weekly public buildings, it can be seen that, since 2020, companies have had a relatively high share of traditional customers in the industry, represented by consumer goods, and the structure of the advertising owner has been running daily.
Consumer goods are represented by industry customers, and the increase in property concentration has less impact on the cost of rent splits.
In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the concentration of property management. In our view, upstream concentration is on the rise, but it has not been matched by an increase in the voice or bargaining power of the property. For three reasons: (1) a significant number of leading property companies have delegated operational decision-making authority to the executive level: (2) the property that has been acquired by mergers.
Most of the companies operate independently: (3) residential buildings or public spaces in writing buildings are leased in bulk, and the public spaces in the elevators occupy one or two lines of scarce writing media resources. Investments in the country’s writing buildings are much lower than in the residential buildings, with very limited annual listings. In 2018, the company launched a new round of media resources.
By the end of 2018, the company’s own elevator television outlets had risen from 30.8 in late 2017 to 1.938,000 in late 2017, an increase of 60.2 per cent, with one or two line cities accounting for about 78 per cent.
In the face of competition, companies are focusing more on the location of elevator television media in second-line cities, which are mainly located around the elevators in the writing building.
During the 2008 - 2010 economic crisis, companies experienced difficulties such as a decline in the advertising market climate and a failure in diversified business expansion, which led to a series of business optimization measures that ended up overcoming the crisis. Since 2018, the new wave of media has been used as a trigger.
In 2008-2010, the process was as follows: in the second quarter of 2018, the new tide was financed and expanded, while the competition worsened in the form of advertising subsidies, preferential cooperation, etc. The second half of the year was followed by a response from the public to follow up on the expansion of the site, which reached 2.772 million (self-employed) media outlets in late 2018, an increase of nearly 60%; in 2019, the downside of the domestic macroeconomics, and in the second quarter of 2019, when the advertising bill arrears caused the company to mispay.
It began to be highlighted that companies began to pay attention to bad debt, lower bad debt rates, and optimize location and lower rent costs, compared to late 2018, when the company’s own elevator television and elevator poster media in late 2019 reduced the number of inefficient spots by 33,000 and 158,000, respectively. q1, affected by the epidemic, in 2020. The cinema and building media operations were both heavily affected, and the company’s advertising structure was adjusted by the new economy, such as the Internet, to traditional industries such as consumer goods for daily use.
The crisis will be a catalyst for the crowd, and the crowd will be stronger after this crisis. (1) Assuming that the pattern of corporate competition has not improved significantly, the source of financial prosperity in the East will continue to grow.
Eung Heung Securities Insight Report (002027): Main Camp out of the most difficult moments, competitive patterns suppress valuations.
1.1 The capital shop has become a domestic medium, and the capital shop has become a domestic medium. The local media was established in April 2003 and marketed in NASDAQ in July 2005, becoming the first Chinese advertising media company to land in NASDAQ.
From 2008 to 2010, the global economic turmoil and the advertising market led to the restructuring of the business structure and the reclassification of the cinema network, the building media network, and the market media network. In May 2013, the company moved from Nass.
In 2018, the company received about $15 billion from the Alibaba Group and its associates to explore digital marketing models and digital and intelligent marketing in the context of the new retail trends. Figure 1: Corporate development history
By the end of March 2020, the founder of the company, Mr. Jiang Namchun, held 3,426 million shares, or 23.34 per cent of the shares, and was the actual controller of the company. In 2018, Ali and his associates ' s strategic equity company became the second largest shareholder of the company, working together to explore innovative patterns of digital marketing in the light of the new retail trends.
At the end of March 2020, Alibaba and his co-actors together held 6.96% of the company’s shares.
The company released 7,713 million shares, or 52.55 per cent of the total, on 2 January 2019, and the distribution of shares in the public media will be open. The ban was lifted for 36 shareholders, including shareholders in the public media.
Mediamanmenthonkonglicited released 3,426 million shares, or 44 per cent of the total restricted shares; Shanghai China Group limited shares (hereinafter “Shanghai Central”), Baymey Group Limited (hereinafter “Bainme”) accounted for 0.62 per cent and 1.87 per cent, respectively; and 33 private collection agencies restricted shares, or 53.09 per cent of the total restricted shares.
1.2 The company has the best media location and advertising client resources, and has an absolutely leading market share in the national elevator television, elevator poster and cinema screen advertising media.
By the end of 2019, some 709,000 self-employed devices in company elevator television media (including 41,000 media equipment for offshore subsidiaries), covering about 170 cities and regions throughout the country (including Hong Kong, China), as well as about 25 major cities in Korea, Singapore, Indonesia and Thailand, and some 24,000 installed television media equipment for the combined elevators, covering about 60 cities and areas throughout the country;
(a) 10,000 copies covering more than 200 cities in the country;
Figure 4: The main products of the company The cinema media industry has achieved income of 1.983 billion yuan, or 16 per cent of the company's total revenue, while other media businesses have achieved revenue of 104 million yuan, or 1 per cent.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East was affected by macroeconomics, with corporate principal revenues falling in 2019. In 2019, the company achieved revenue of $12.136 billion, a 16.6 per cent decrease in the same year. In 2019, China ' s advertising market was weak, the industry was weak, and advertising revenue from Internet advertisers fell significantly to make the company open.
In addition, as a result of macroeconomic shocks, the client repayment rate generally slowed, and the corresponding increase in credit impairment losses in firms resulted in a decline in the company’s Māori rate. Companies expanded their escalator resources significantly since q2 in 2018, resulting in a 35.3 per cent increase in the company’s main business costs compared to the year 2019 (with 45.3 per cent for the building’s main media).
The share of traditional sector advertisers increases or drives up the cost of sales. By 2015, the clientele of split advertising was dominated by traditional industry brand advertisements such as daily consumption, automobiles, etc. After 2015, company customers began to shift to new economic industries such as the Internet.
Rates are more relevant to the share of daily consumer advertising revenues. We believe that, as corporate advertisers tend to favour traditional sector customers, the company sells the source of Eastern financial booms, the cost rate may be on the rise, either because of traditional sector customers and new economy customers' demands for advertising (brand advertising/effects advertising) and
2. Consumer-sector customers drive the boom in advertising. Expanding residential consumption will be an important guiding objective of government policy. From a macro-level perspective, starting in the first quarter of 2015, final consumption spending will accumulate over gdp.
In the first quarter of 2020, the epidemic had an important impact on domestic in-kind consumption and service consumption. Thus, it can be expected that over time, all levels of government will focus on promoting the stabilization of residential consumption and accelerating the release of potential sources of financial growth in the East.
As can be seen, revenue from Internet advertisers grew from 1,222 million yuan to 5.605 billion yuan in 2014-2018, mainly due to the rapid growth of the mobile Internet industry, and the active placement of advertising by post-financing Internet companies. From 2019 to date, domestic advertising markets have had weak demand and industry has been less favourable.
In 2019, consumer consumers contributed $4,196 million, or 34.58%, of the company’s revenue, and a rapid increase in the income of the traditional advertising customers in the industry represented by consumer goods.
In addition, based on a grass root study of the number of advertisers placed in a city that divides its buildings every week, it can be seen that since 2020 companies have had a higher share of traditional customers in the industry, represented by daily consumption, and that the structure of advertisers tends to favour consumers in the industry, represented by daily consumer goods.
3. The increase in property concentration has had less impact on the cost of public rentals. The increase in property concentration has not affected the ability of the public to negotiate upstream.
The share of the field reached 38.85%, an increase of 6.43 pcts and 11.35% of the market share of Top10 firms compared to the previous year, with a flat increase in concentration. Motivated by mergers and acquisitions, the radical expansion of the cashy industry is the main force behind the increase in the concentration of the industry. We believe that the concentration of upstream property is on the rise, but neither the speech nor the bargaining power of the industry has increased accordingly.
(1) A significant number of leading property companies have their operational decision-making authority to the executive level. For example, in the case of the national property service company, the Great Wall property industry, which in the area of property services has established the China-East, China-South, China-West, North China, China-China, and the Sea-Sea six regional companies, with a focus on the new North-West-South industry, has also established the Sing-Sang, South-West, North-East China, China-East China, and China-South China-West-West Asia-West Asia-South China-South China-South China.
Among companies, nearly one in four adopt this “headquarters-regional-project company” organizational structure, independent accounting and business start-up by companies in all regions, and decentralized business decision-making to the executive level.
Most of the property companies that are being acquired are operating independently. Property companies are expanding mainly through mergers and acquisitions, reliance on intra-group real estate companies, and commercialization.
The company has its own form and still operates independently, as in the case of Yojiang, which was bought by Huanko, the Mandarin property, which was bought by colorful life, the Golden Map, which was acquired by South Sudan, and (3) the bulk rental of public space in buildings and elevators in residential buildings or writing buildings is less operational. In the case of residential buildings, the decision-making power for public space operations is in small areas, the owner's committee, not the property company, and the rental of advertising slots in public space in residential buildings requires the agreement of the owner's committee.
At the time of entering into a site-by-site lease contract, a project-by-project contract was signed with a property company; in the case of a commercial writing building, the public space transport scheme was also difficult to lease in bulk. First, the complexity of ownership: while most commercial buildings were single owners, there was also a widespread and complex case of single-storey or multiple-storey sales, and the property company did not represent the owner at all.
908-1008 dollars. Income from rental of media resources represents a small proportion of the income of property companies as a whole.Reference: According to article 72 of the Property Rights Law of the People’s Republic of China, owners have the right and the obligation to share the common portion of the building in addition to the exclusive part.
If you do not agree to do so, it should be owned by all the owners and be used primarily to supplement the sector’s special maintenance funds.
For downstream publicity, they occupy a large number of high-quality typographical media resources in second-line cities, with the ability to raise prices. In the medium- and long-term, there is an inherent potential to appreciate the value of points in the second-line urban population, with a continuing trend of inflows.
In 2019, the country completed investment of $907.7 billion, compared to $616.3 billion, or less than 10 per cent, in office buildings. New construction began in 2019, with 1,675 million square metres of new construction and new office space.
It's only 71 million square metres, less than 5%.
According to Davies I, Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, 2019, Beijing, Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, 32 buildings with a new supply area of 3,014.3 million square metres, and single-season, single-city, 2019, with less than 3 high-quality projects.
The Tianjin, Nanjing, Chongqing, etc., and the second-line city ' s new upper-market level-A writing buildings have six projects with an area of 387.8 million square metres, with a single-city high-quality writing building with less than one supply. In the escalator industry, the penthouse has a better position than the home, while the core area has a better position than the ordinary one, and in the context of limited follow-up supply of high-quality writing buildings, the crowd has a clear pre-eminence in the media resources of the writing building.
By the end of 2018, the company ' s own elevator television was significantly upgraded from 308,000 to 724,000 at the end of 2017, an increase of 134.6 per cent, of which one or two line cities accounted for about 85 per cent; and self-employed elevator poster media from about 121,000 at the end of 2017 to 19,38,000 at the end of 2018.
The increase was 60.2%, of which second-line urban locations accounted for about 78%. It can be seen that companies, when faced with competition, focus more on the use of the second-line city's television outlets, which are located mainly in the area surrounding the elevators.
5. During the 2008 - 2010 economic crisis, companies experienced difficulties such as the decline in the advertising market climate and the failure of diversified business expansion in the aftermath of the financial crisis.
During the first half of 2008, the company had just undertaken several mergers and acquisitions and large-scale spot expansions, but in 2008 q3 the economic environment suddenly deteriorated: global financial turmoil and the slowdown in consumer demand in the European and American markets had a significant negative impact on China’s economy.
In the wake of the Beijing Olympics, spending on Internet advertising has slowed down. Internet advertising and other advertising businesses have fallen since 2018 q3 and q4 respectively, and company stock prices have fallen back from their historical peaks in late 2007.
On the one hand, companies actively promoted restructuring; in 2008, q4 companies reorganized their end-of-sale media network to end the distribution media announced the reorganization of the advertising network in their cgen shop and the closing of the remaining wireless advertising (interactive marketing) business, while at the same time announced the sale of most outdoor advertising assets (including television media networks, poster framework networks and end-of-sale networks), which accounted for about 52 per cent of the total collection and gross.
On the other hand, companies cut off non-core businesses, such as Internet advertising, and focused on the development of building media and end-of-sale media. From the second quarter of 2019, the country stimulated the economy by means of real estate, and macro-regulations began to yield results, with economic trends “v” gradually emerging from the bottom in the third quarter of 2019.
In 2010, China’s advertising market recovered and the company’s external environment improved. At the same time, with the reclassification of cinema media into core business, the company’s core business focused on building media, cinema media, and end-of-sale media.
From the beginning of the era, the new wave of media has expanded to serve as a trigger, and the company has experienced difficulties similar to those experienced in 2008-2010, as follows:
In the second quarter of 2018, the new wave was financed and expanded, with a 50% discount on advertising subsidies and preferential cooperation. The competition deteriorated. In the second half of the year, a public response was taken to follow up on the expansion, with 27,72 million media outlets (of their own) in late 2018, an increase of nearly 60%; in 2019, the country’s macroeconomic downside, and in the second quarter of 2019, the advertising owner owed advertising fees.
Year q1, affected by the epidemic, cinemas and building media operations have been heavily affected, and the structure of the company's advertising owners has been adjusted by the new economy, such as the Internet, to traditional industries such as daily consumption. We believe that the company has the capacity to deal with the crisis. Perhaps the crisis will be a catalyst to overcome the crisis, to overcome it, and to create a source of financial prosperity in the East.
6. Profit forecasting and valuation (1) in 2020, the company ' s operations were affected by the epidemic, building media operations and cinema media operations were significantly affected, and revenue collection was expected to decline the same year; (2) in 2021-2022, the company ' s building media operations and cinema media operations were restored to normality and remained stable;
(1) Assuming that the company’s competitive patterns have not improved significantly in 2018-2019, the company’s published performance in its annual report does not fully reflect its profitability. In 2018, the company significantly expanded its medium position, and in 2019, the public sector recorded a 17% decline in its operating income, showing that the company’s new position did not contribute to the collection, more because it was defended by the expansion of its competitors.
The massive expansion has led to significant increases in media rental, equipment depreciation, labour costs and operating maintenance costs, mainly in operating costs, sales costs, and management costs on the profit table. According to our calculations, as a result of the expansion of media resources, the corporate profit tables for 2018-2019 have increased the sources of Eastern financial intelligence.
Figure 26: Comparison of corporate profitability before and after the optimisation of competition patterns
1 - The advertising market has not recovered as expected; 2 - The pattern of competition has not improved significantly; 4 - The risk of changes in the leasing of media resources.
Eung Heung Securities In-depth Report (002027): Headlines out of the most difficult moments, competition patterns suppress valuations.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the depth of East Hing's securities report.
Public media (002027): The main camp comes out of the most difficult moments, competition patterns suppress valuations.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.