The dual cycle of business fluctuations and competition patterns
High-level business leverage shows profit elasticity. Building media is a highly leveraged business model, a screen, and when the curtains are laid, the costs are already happening, there will be no significant differences in rent prices and operating costs depending on the building media company, and there will be no single-screen costs due to the number of advertising acceptances.
This also means that one more ad on a screen, almost all of which contributes to pure Maori, that the marginal cost of advertising revenue is almost zero, that the more advertisements are aired, and that the more cyclical the collection of single screens, the more performance is expected to improve significantly.
When the number of screens expands dramatically, demand does not keep pace with the increase in supply, the rates of listings fall, and the company’s profitability generally changes negatively, depending on its highly leveraged nature. On the other hand, when the number of screens shrinks or slows up, demand increases, and the rates of posting are higher, they all correspond to equity.
After a double impact, single-screen harvests take place and business conditions move up the cycle.  Competition patterns move into a better cycle that reduces the balance of corporate gains and losses and increases profit elasticity.
The epidemic has had a significant negative impact on economic growth and market demand, and competitors and the public have begun negotiations with the industry to lower rent levels, which, based on a 10% drop in rent levels, would reduce rent costs by $367 million.
The total cost reduction is $730 million, and the balance of profits and losses of the company has been significantly reduced. Once the economy warms and the company ' s income rises, the company ' s performance will become more resilient.
The company’s short-term performance is still seen to be growing faster than cyclical. The decline in corporate business income in 2019 was entirely due to a contraction in Internet clients, while traditional industry advertisers continued to grow by 7.81% over the same period, so it was wide.
Good corporate values 2020-04-28. Structural changes have led to a decline in income, and in the face of the economic downturn, traditional publicity.
Three-quarterly reviews: income drops are too narrow. The current share of traditional sector advertisers in total revenue collection has risen to 79.5%, making it the most important factor in the company’s performance.
3. Divisional Media (002027): From a point of view, the proportion of media in the total budget of the building continues to increase, which means finding the truth in public history - the city of the mass media.
The Division’s performance is actually driven by sustained growth, and therefore the company continues to grow. The field concern reading 2019-09-01 is more flexible than ever before, and we maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating and recommend a positive layout.
Business model: high-performing leverage makes profit elastic, building media is a highly leveraged business model, and when a screen is laid, the costs are already happening, there will be no apparent differences in rent prices and operating costs depending on the media company, and single-screen costs will not be incurred as a result of taking over.
This also means that one more ad on a screen, almost all of which contributes to pure Maori, that the marginal cost of advertising revenue is almost zero, and that the higher the number of advertisements, the higher the profit rate. So, if the 20-minute cycle, the full 12-minute advertisement, is 60%, the higher the profit rate.
The framework is measured by 52 weeks of the year) as a measure of the number of single-screen advertisements, which plays a crucial role in the performance of the company, but the problem with the mark-up indicator is that when the economy is in a low cycle and demand for advertising is low, the mass media will be more powerful, for example, by buying one, so that while 60 per cent of the publications are seen in numbers,
The printout indicator should take into account time and price factors, while single-screen collection is an indicator that reflects the true printout rate. So, the concept of the printout rate described in this paper is a combination of quantitative and price indicators.
As can be seen from the table below, we can see that differences in the rates of listing of different companies determine the rates of Māori, which in turn determine the rates of net interest and reflect the profit elasticity of high-performing leverage. The factors of expansion influence the contrast.
Hang-up rate; single-screen profit rate = (single-screen lease cost)/single-screen income; Chinese-language media data are back on the research results 1.1. Single-screen collection (list-loading rate) and again into the profit improvement cycle. We have explored the impact of the change in single-screen collection on corporate profitability.
cyclical patterns of change. As shown in the figure below, every time the number of screens expands dramatically, demand does not keep pace with the increase in supply, the publishing rate declines and, based on the highly leveraged nature of the business, the company ' s profitability generally changes negatively. (The negative growth in single-screen revenue in 2012-2015 corresponds to the fall of the two-line cities, and therefore the corresponding cost is lower.)
By contrast, when screen numbers shrink or grow slowly, demand increases, and the listing rate rises, all correspond to a period of better profitability. As we can see, the company is now back at the start of a growth cycle.
In the third quarter of 2019, companies began to shrink their screens and are expected to recover in the midst of economic recovery, with a low base of growth.
The business cycle is expected to turn up. We can see that even with the impact of the epidemic, the Māori rate in the company’s media has been rising consistently throughout the season, which is the strong correlation between the 1.2 single screen collection and the company’s share price, resulting from the reduction in screen numbers and the increase in the number of entries.
Corporate stock price fluctuations are also positively correlated with single-screen receipts. As can be seen, while public-division stock prices perform better at the single-screen upturning stage, stock price performance tends to be weak at the decline stage. This is related to the profitability of high-performing leverage elasticity, as performance growth resulting from higher publishing rates does not entail additional costs.
After screen shrinks and 20 years of epidemic, single-screen receipts re-enter the upgrading cycle, and company performance is expected to return to initial warming. Figure 3: Changes in corporate stock prices that are directly related to changes in single-screen receipts (United States shares) Figure 4: Changes in corporate stock prices that are directly related to changes in single-screen receipts (a shares)
2. The competitive advantage is still strong: the advertising strategy for advertisers and the budget allocation strategy determine the difference in the publishing rate.
The moat is really about whether new entrants can influence the high rate of advertising in the public media. From the point of view of the advertising strategy of the advertisers, what is the reason for the high rate of advertising in the public media? This is related to the advertising strategy of the advertisers, since the main clients of the media are large advertisers.
The text analyses the pitching strategy of large advertisers. It should be noted that the following advertising strategy is the result of an interview with a large number of advertisers, and that the idea of different advertisers may differ slightly, but the overall strategy is 2.1. The advertising strategy is to allocate advertising budgets to multiple media in a comparable way.
In order to achieve a more efficient touch, the advertiser allocates the advertising budget in a comparable way among the media. According to a report by the internationally renowned brand consulting firm Millwardburn (as shown in the figure below), the advertiser puts the budget in a combination of multiple mediums, one arrival rate (one arrival to the audience during the advertising period) and three arrival rates (wide)
In the following figure, 622 advertisers are allocated 6.02% of the budget for television, the Internet, and the building media, which is better than 100% (i.e. 100%) for a single medium.
2.2. Advertising master ' s budget allocation strategy: Priority is given to allocating budgets from the large media that cover the most target clients, and priority is given to allocating budgets from the large media that cover the most targeted clients, in pursuit of a wider audience.
Not every time, the main medium chosen by the advertiser is different. For example, one of the marketing plans of a fast-distribution company is a general shampoo, and the target client is the nation's people, so the media first chooses the most extensive television, and the media starts allocating the main budget, and then chooses other media to supplement it: if it's promoting some high-end shampoo, then it's the best way to do it.
The target client may focus on the second-line city, where the Internet or building media are the main channels for allocating the budget, other media supplements, and so on. So, depending on the target and the target client, the advertiser also selects a different medium, but the aim is to prioritize the largest budget to reach the target audience.
Why this distribution strategy? Advertisers can certainly choose small mediums to start putting in, but small media have fewer audiences and naturally less budgets, and advertisers are looking for large-scale investments to cover a large number of mediums, with the result that the big media receive large budgets, and the small ones receive only a small budget.
Too many small mediums have been chosen, and because of the complexity of the advertising process, more transactions and monitoring will inevitably be involved. Thus, in long-term industry practice, advertisers tend to allocate budgets from large media to small ones as a supplement to the large medium when it is not adequately covered.
2.2.1. The advertising strategy and budget allocation strategy determine the differences in the rates of postings between different companies in the building media The distribution of budgets among advertisers in different media companies within the same medium is also guided by this principle, giving preference to large media that cover sufficient target audiences and then are supplemented by other media companies.
As far as the building media is concerned, the number of large advertisers placing building advertisements is large, and because of the wide coverage of second-line cities, when advertisements reach large groups of people mainly in the building media, they tend to choose first, but when the advertisers request more than the crowd, the advertisers choose the other.
If the advertisers only need 80% of the existing building cover, they can do it, but if they want 90% of the building cover, in order to increase it by 10%, the advertisers will go to the media to supplement it.
So, the high concentration of the building’s media stems from the pitching strategy of large advertisers, who tend to choose the main channel as a separate channel, while other building’s media companies are more complementary. This explains why these companies have far lower rates than those of the public. Because of the cost of single screens, how much of them can determine the level of profit.
So it’s very difficult to expand without profit, and that’s the root cause of the slow growth of companies like Chinese, cities, and others over the years. Thus, there is a gap in the size of the audience, which makes the products of these companies actually available to advertisers.
The difference is that it creates a difference between the rates of coverage and limits the further expansion of competitors. While other competitors appear to be expanding on a large scale (the largest one currently has a large screen size of one fifth), in fact, high-quality points covering a large audience are firmly in the hands of the public, making the audience reached by other companies far from the level of screen coverage.
Matching, rather than getting out of a complementary position, will result in competitors running for long periods of time in a negative cycle of low rates and high costs, making it difficult to achieve a balance of gains and losses and posing no real threat to the public.
As a result of the competition of new entrants, companies have expanded their screens on a large scale since the second quarter of 2018, the strategy has stopped since this year, and the impact of increased screen size on operating costs (mainly rent, depreciation, staff remuneration) has been fully reflected in quarterly statements, and it can be seen that there has been no significant increase in operating costs for companies starting with 219q1.
Moreover, the company’s operating costs in 2020o1 fell considerably, by $456 million, compared to $446 million, which is the main reason why the company did not lose in the first quarter of the year.
The company ' s cinema advertising business has been exempted from rent and, since 2019, macroeconomic downturns, the weak media advertising industry, and the company ' s downsizing of screens from 2.662 million at the end of 2018 to 2.48 million at the end of 2019, a decrease of 173,000 screens (according to the company ' s inquiries, the number of screens has been reduced since the second half of the year).
In addition, the build-up has had a significant negative impact on economic growth and market demand since this year, and competitors and members have already begun negotiations with property to reduce rent levels, and rental costs are expected to decrease significantly this year. According to the corporate finance report, about 70% of operating costs are rent costs, corresponding to 10% of rent.
The reduction would be $367 million. This would mean that the cost reduction would amount to about $730 million as the cycle of competition also begins to improve. The balance of corporate gains and losses has been significantly reduced, and the company’s performance will become more resilient once the economy returns and its revenues rises.
Corporate performance continues to grow faster than cyclically. Corporate performance fluctuates significantly with the economic cycle, displaying clear cyclical characteristics. But carefully severing income structures, we will find that the decline in corporate performance in this round is more structural than the result of economic cycle fluctuations.
In terms of client structure, Internet client lending fell by 3.114 billion on a year-on-year basis in 2019, while corporate corporate revenues fell by 2,415 billion during the same period, resulting in a reduction in the size of market financing at the primary level since the second half of 2018, which led to a decrease in the willingness of new economic advertisers to invest, which was the main reason for the decline in corporate sales.
This is why the structural changes in advertisers have led to a decline in the original intake, and traditional advertisers continue to increase against the background of a public budget that has been set aside in the economic downturn, highlighting the growing position of the out-of-house media. The share of traditional advertisers in the overall collection has now risen to 79.5%.
It is the most important factor affecting the company’s performance. While the total amount of advertising by these advertisers is related to their own income, the building media’s share of the total budget is increasing steadily, which means that the company’s performance is actually driven by sustained growth, and thus its growth has been overshadowed by structural factors and macroeconomic downturns over the past two years.
Building advertising has a very strong vitality. In the context of the fast growth of the Internet, which is shifting the back of the traditional media budget, the building media have grown not only without budget cuts, but rather rapidly. The share of the total budget in the public sector has been rising, from 0.3 per cent in 2005 to 1.51 per cent in 2018.
The reason for the outcome is that we still have to look at the advertising strategy of the advertisers.3.1.As a result of advertising on the Internet, advertisers can see indicators of access, hits, transformations, etc.
Investors generally agree that advertising on the Internet is measurable and that traditional media, such as the building media, do not have a way of keeping track, so it's only a matter of time before the building media is replaced by new media on the Internet. But the argument is actually in the wrong place: large advertisers tend to put ads in multiple media, although one click is on the Internet, for example.
How do you judge that this hits occurred because consumers saw the ad in other media, and they clicked on the Internet, or just browsing on the Internet, and so they clicked? We'll find that, because of the advertising in multiple media, consumers' exposure is multi-media, but it's true when it comes to accounting for the impact of Internet advertising.
Internationally, there are other media-induced traffic, which leads to inaccurate accounting for the effects of Internet advertising. So, unless advertisers merely place advertisements on a single medium of the Internet, the effects of advertising on Internet channels cannot be measured.
In the case of advertisers, look at how large advertisers account for their advertising effects: advertisers allocate budgets to multiple media, such as television, the Internet, building media, etc., and then get an overall output, which will result in an overall roi (output ratio), whose goal is to budget through different media.
The weight is adjusted to maximize this overall roi (there are many measures, such as how much it costs to achieve three or more arrival rates, and the lower the cost, the higher the roi). If the budget of the television medium is raised and the overall roi of the advertising owner is reduced, the advertiser will reduce the budget increase and find a suitable percentage of the investment;
If the budget of the building media is raised, so does the budget of the building media. Therefore, the distribution of the advertising budget in different media is the result of a dynamic adjustment and a slow process of change, ultimately depending on how the overall roi changes.
This method of accounting for the effects of advertising is important in our understanding of the rise in the share of the single-media budget. If the share of the advertising budget of a medium continues to rise, that means an increase in the media’s budget share, an increase in the overall roi, which in fact confirms the effectiveness of the medium’s advertising. As we see in the above graph, the building is,
The media’s share of the overall advertising budget continues to rise, and this is one outcome. And the bottom reason for driving the budget’s increase is the audience, which, as we discussed in The Searching for the Truth in History – Distinguishing the Concerns of the Media Market, continues to grow, is the central reason why the building’s media are increasingly allocated more budgets.
The trend towards increasing the audience continues; the reason anti-advertisers divert more of their budgets from the media, such as television, is because the audience is losing, resulting in a reduction in the overall roi of the same budget, so that advertisers have to shrink the budget share on the television medium. The increase in the share of the budget in the building’s media is therefore a long-term growth logic.
The long-term growth prospects remain optimistic, and the logic of budget transfers and volume increases remains. The above-mentioned estimates, which have returned to a reasonable level of profitability, have been explored in the historical search for the truth - an interpretation of the concerns of the mass media market - for companies to grow over the long term.
Long-term growth has been driven by the combined growth of gross advertising spending by advertisers, on the one hand, and by the continued rise in the share of the advertising budget in the building’s media. The current level of domestic advertising spending in the gdp is still low for developed countries, which means that as the ratio continues to rise, advertising spending will be based on a consistent increase.
This can be sustained at a faster rate than gdp over a longer period of time. And the budget for advertising in the building media continues to rise, allowing for a higher growth than in advertising, which means that the crowd is in a longer growth track. Figure 13: Share of national advertising expenditure in gdp (2016)
Figure 12: Advertising spending synchronized with economic growth 3.3. Profitability measurement, so corporate income will continue to grow as a result of economic growth and budget increases, but the next problem is that public spending will continue to grow.
After a double shock from the deterioration of macroeconomic and competitive patterns in 2018-2019, what is the future of corporate profitability going to return to as these two major factors improve. Given the high and low levels before the economic situation in 2018, and the fact that firms completed a large scale-up program in the second half of the year, the quality of the location is now consistent with the current situation.
In 2018, the company ' s business situation was extrapolated to obtain the company ' s business performance, which was restored to normality as a result of the above-mentioned improvements, and the resulting cost increases in competition were not fully reflected, which we calculated on the basis of the full reflection of operating costs in 2019, taking into account the cost reductions resulting from improved competition patterns; government tax rebates were reduced to 50 per cent of that year;
The loss of impairment of assets corresponds to the level of 2018. On this basis, the net interest rate on the company ' s restored profitability is calculated to reach the level of the company ' s revenue projections, which were adjusted in the light of the recovery of the company ' s business, raised the volume of media coverage in the bottom zone and moved down the profit/loss balance, and it is expected that as the epidemic improves, the company ' s performance will be more effective than ever before.
The epidemic has an impact on the audience's outdoor activity, as well as on the need for advertising budgets, and the opening of cinemas has been affected by the epidemic, which, if the epidemic lasts longer than expected, will have an impact on the company's revenue collection.
The performance of the building’s media is based on the demand of the advertiser’s own budget, which in turn is closely linked to its own income situation, and if macroeconomic expectations are too low, it will affect the income of the advertiser and, at the same time, the budget of the advertiser’s advertising. This, in turn, will affect the company’s performance.
Refunds of receivables are unfavourable. As a result of the worsening cash flow of clients, corporate repayments have slowed since the second half of 2018, resulting in a significant increase in company readiness for bad debts in 2019, the impairment of receivables has had a greater impact on company performance, and if the receivables continue to accumulate, they will pose a continuing impairment pressure.
The building’s media is receiving increasing attention from large online flows, and its continued investment will increase the cost of doing business, resulting in less than expected recovery of the company’s profitability. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited has already had its Securities Investment Advisory Board.