A steady growth in performance, with attention to q4 performance driven by the power merchants during the season, and a performance rating for the first three quarters of 2024 by the public media (002027), 31 October 2024
Incidents: Release of the third quarter of 2024 by the public media. The company achieved gross operating income of 92.61 billion yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 6.76 per cent in the previous quarter; net profit return of 3,968 million yuan, an increase of 10.16 per cent in the previous three quarters; withholding of steady growth in performance in the previous three quarters, with a focus on the q4 performance of the power provider during the boom season.
Realization of gross operating income of $9,261 million, an increase of 6.76 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $3,968 million; income to 24q3 companies of $3,294 million, an increase of 4.30 per cent over the same quarter; net profit to mothers of 1,475 million, an increase of 7.59 per cent over the same period; net profit to exclude non-return to mothers of 1,344 million, an increase over the same period
4.54%. On the one hand, from the Olympic events and the new policy of switching consumer goods, and on the other hand, mainly from the continued high-profile elevators, lcd, and elevator poster channels. According to ctr media intelligence, several outdoor advertising channels continued to grow in January-August 2024.
Elevator lcd, elevator poster advertising, 24.3% and 16.9%, respectively, and cinema video advertising, 1.9%. We expect the demand for advertising to improve further in the fourth quarter, with the boost of electric power suppliers like “two-one-one-one-one-one-two” and the company’s performance going to continue to improve.
In terms of proactive search, circulation, and recommended algorithms, advertising by the public media has had a positive impact. As the mass media have grown, the public media have become increasingly popular.
The ability to enhance digital advertising solutions is expected to increase market competitiveness further. Key figures are 30 October 2024, the mid-term distribution plan, which increases investor confidence.
57.92 per cent. The company has adopted a variety of red-dimension strategies aimed at increasing the frequency of dividends, preserving the benefits for all shareholders, and enhancing investors’ confidence in the company’s long-term development.
Roe(ttm) elevator poster channels remain high, with robust growth in the media during the first three quarters of the year.
In addition, companies maintain high-dimension schemes, boost investor confidence, and highlight corporate investment.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.