2024q3 Performance rating: Still resilient under macro pressure, still growing performance under macro pressure, with attention to brand resilience and company-optimal consumption mix. 2024h1 consumer advertising accounts for 59.0% of company income, and daily foodrs.
The nature of high-frequency requirements determines the high investment resilience of brand owners, as well as the performance resilience of the public. At the same time, companies are good at capturing opportunities to break down track growth and, in addition to providing advertising channels, help their clients to combinate products and enhance brand social resonance.
• Business elasticity is expected to be released by a modest increase in business costs, with the number of points rising. In 2024q3, the cost of people doing business was $1.05 billion, a 4.5 per cent increase. There has been a significant decline since 2019, while the number of company points has reached a new high during the period, highlighting the company’s high leverage profile.
As the consumer environment improves, we believe that future corporate elasticity will be enhanced, fiscal and monetary policies will be intensely profitable, and it is expected that governments at all levels will continue to introduce supportive policies such as consumer subsidies. We believe that companies will clearly benefit from a recovery in consumption, releasing performance in a pro-cyclical manner.
2) Together with the United States Corps, the company has created a low-line market in which the United States is responsible for market development and setting up screens, providing hardware and delivery systems, with the goal of significantly increasing coverage of cities, and continuing with the Media (002027): 2024q2 performance point
With the acceleration of China's branding out of the sea and the expansion of its overseas markets, China's performance is rising faster than expected, and the number of points is expanding.
The second growth curve is expected to begin.
2024q1 Performance rating: Continuous repair of performance point East Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has qualified for portfolio investment advisory business with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.