Quarterly performance rating 2024. Distinguished media (002027.sz)
The dominant effect of the head is evident, and the dominant effect of the active placement of the offshore market company as a ladder driver is evident. : yuezheng_yj@chinastock.com.cn continues to occupy the market advantage, adding to the echelons’ recovery in 2024 and the q3 Olympics.
The company continues to grow robustly in its core business. At the same time, the company is active in overseas business, constantly laying out overseas media platforms, and is expected to play the role of capital builder in the country:
Formerly, companies’ overseas media networks have covered 100 major cities in Korea, Thailand, Singapore, India, and Japan, covering more than 175,000 screen terminals. As China’s brand accelerates the globalization process, offshore advertising is expected to become an added volume of company performance.
Continue to deepen the ai technology, continue to upgrade the intelligence marketing capacity, actively seize the opportunities offered by the current ai technology, try and explore the wide application of emerging technologies, provide a higher number of advertising customers with high-quality capabilities, improve service efficiency, and become pioneers in industrial ai.
Based on the media model, which takes full advantage of its deep excavation of historical advertising data and its unique advertising styles, a large model of exclusive marketing has been deployed over the course of more than a year. One key generation, one key design, etc., of the piping model will significantly reduce the input threshold, hopefully.
Investment proposal: We believe that the company’s core business is progressing steadily, with a high degree of certainty in performance growth, and that the application of related technologies, such as ai, is expected to enhance operational efficiency and achieve efficiency gains in long-line companies.
[Galactic Media Internet], mid-2024, reports _ Media (002027.sz): The core business is growing robustly, with long-term performance, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.