The mass media (002027.sz) are growing robustly in terms of revenue and profit, and the macro-level improvement is expected to drive up the pace of growth.
The company discloses a 24-year three-quarter financial report: 1) real operating income of $9261 million in the first three quarters, net profit from the mother of $3.96 billion, an increase of 6.76% in the same year, zhangheng2@guosen.com.cnchenyorong@guosen.com.cn
Māori rates and net interest rates have risen, and profitability has continued to improve in the context of point expansion. Higher levels of corporate gross in the last three quarters: Māori rates and net interest rates have improved since last year, given the continued expansion of company positions.
Performance is expected to show faster growth based on higher business leverage. Resource niches are strong, medium- and long-term focus on depressed markets and overseas progress; clients are well structured and are expected to lead the recovery upwards.
There are about 100 major cities in 300 cities, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and South Korea, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, Viet Nam, India, and Japan.
Some 1.549,000 units (including about 19,000 media equipment from foreign affiliates), 1835 cinemas and some 13,000 cinema halls. Some 84,000 television media equipment for the conglomerate elevators, participation in the “Community Media (002027.sz) - a robust growth in revenue and profits in the medium term”
The company ' s elevator poster media equipment is estimated at 403,000, with a significant lead in media resource points; 2) guests, the annual news report (002027.sz)-23 and the performance rating of 24q1: 23-year battalion, the news media (0020227.sz) - ongoing repairs for profit, attention to macro restoration and aigc
11.66 per cent in the same year, in addition to better real estate and better transport performance (26.23 per cent in the same year), " Divisional media (002027.sz) - sustained improvement in revenue and profits, restoration of point resources " Divisional media (0020227.sz) - improved external environment, and expected demand for advertising recovery "
Investment proposal: We maintain the 2024/25/26 net return profit for each pe = 18/16/15x. The company is the country’s largest media platform for the world’s life cycle, with significant location advantages, and the expected macro-level improvements are expected to drive up the growth rate, and the technology is expected to boost the efficiency of the company’s operations.
The company discloses a 24-year three-quarter financial report: 1) operating income of 2,261 million yuan and net profit returns of 3,968 million yuan, an increase of 6.76 per cent and 10.16 per cent, respectively, over the previous three quarters.
Māori rates and net interest rates have risen, and profitability has continued to improve in the context of position expansion. Over the last three quarters, the company ' s Māori rate has continued to expand to its position since last year, and the continued improvement in Māori rates and net interest rates has amply demonstrated the ability of the company to negotiate a good industrial chain; if the macro-cycle goes up, the company ' s performance is expected to be based on high leverage in the future.
A strong resource position, medium- and long-term focus on sunk markets and overseas progress; a good customer structure, with prospects for recovery first upwards. 1) According to company reporting, the company’s life-cycle media network covers about 300 cities in the country.
There are about 100 major cities in the city, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, and South Korea, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, Viet Nam, India, and Japan.
Some 19,000 media equipment from offshore affiliates, 1835 cinema-cooperative cinemas, and some 13,000 cinema halls. About 84,000 television media equipment from conglomerate elevators, about 403,000 from participating companies' elevator poster media equipment, and a significant lead in media resource points; 2) customer structure, consumer goods are still the main source of income.
In terms of digitisation, the cloud is now online and most of the screens are networked, and remote online monitor screens are available.
Through continuous in-depth analysis of large data and collaboration with platforms such as Skycats, companies have continued to help clients achieve accurate and efficient investment based on the different consumer needs and brand preferences of different types of buildings, community consumers, and have been effective in promoting synergy of effects, significantly increasing the rate of sales conversion and becoming an important offline flow portal.
The model has been deployed and continues to be fine-tuned and iterative. Through deep excavations of historical advertising data, the model carefully constructs uniquely high-quality data sets and reasonable manual tagging feedback data, and is able to continuously overlap and optimize in the actual scenario and continuously enhance its capabilities.
A new industry solution would greatly enrich its combined capabilities in advertising innovation generation, advertising strategy development, advertising placement, optimization, advertising data analysis, etc., thereby empowering more advertisers. Large-scale media platforms in the world of life have significant location advantages, and macro-improvements are expected to drive up-to-date and technology.
It is hoped that the efficiency of the company’s operations will be promoted by maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are free from any third party’s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now, or in the future.