A steady growth in performance and a continuation of the trend of the Trailheads, a review of the mass media (002027), $3.541 billion (youy+871 per cent) and $3.294 billion in the third quarter of 2024.
The domestic advertising market has continued to increase, the escalator landscape has been maintained, and companies have grown steadily. China’s advertising market has been growing steadily this year, facilitated by the Olympics, 618 mega-promotions, and the old for the new, and based on ctr data, commercial clothing, recreation, and partly fast.
The main drivers of growth were the elevator lcd and elevator poster channels, the domestic advertising market warming in January-August 2024, the stairway airing, the company leading the building media.
Businesses, revenue and profit ends have grown steadily. In the three-fee scenario, sales costs and management costs have risen in the first three quarters of 2024, and research and development costs have been reduced.
Intelligent marketing, escalators continue the trend of actively expanding offshore locations, and advertisers are in high demand.
The largest urban life media platform in the country, as of July 31, 24, 24, covered about 300 cities on the mainland, the Hong Kong Administrative Region and 100 overseas owners in Indonesia and Korea.
The domestic advertising market experienced a strong recovery over 23 years, with 1,811,000 elevator television/elevator poster media owned by companies in cities, representing an increase of 11.7 per cent per 0.03 per cent compared to the end of 2023, with foreign elevator televisions.
/The number of elevator poster media was 156,000 (19,000), up from 2023 by the end of the year, increasing the expansion of high-quality resource points within and outside the country in an orderly manner, further optimizing the density and client structure of the company's media resources, and maintaining diversity.
Xia Qingqing, recovery of fees, improved cinema operations, advertising hot collars for the Internet, new consumption and real estate
The demand for the domain will continue to grow, and the need for advertisers to invest is high.
Continuous upgrading of digital and intelligent marketing capabilities, which has now resulted in cloud-based online delivery and the networking of most of the screens and the broadcasting of remote online monitors. At the same time, the Division continues to sharpen its data analysis capabilities to help clients achieve accurate and efficient delivery and to be effective.
The company has also completed a large model marketing department, which is committed to the development of a new one-driven industry solution that will greatly enrich itself in advertising, creative creation, advertising strategy development, advertising optimization, advertising data analysis, etc.
Combining capacity, increasing service capacity and operating efficiency, leading to more advertising masters. Profit predictions and investment proposals: based on company disclosures in the third quarter of 2024, corporate revenue and profit growth rates have slowed, but rely on advertising point advantage and escalator market leadership, table 04
Risk factors: macroeconomic downside risks, policy regulatory risks, emerging media diversion advertising advertisers predict risks, risks of uncertainty of demand in advertising markets.