Income growth is on track and domestic leadership is strong - 20-year-long review of wave information (000977.sz) 30/04/20
Corporate ratings: Increase (maintain) of billions, 15.9 per cent in the same year, net return to mother ' s profit of 136 million yuan, 47.8 per cent in the same year, and net lost profit of 115 million yuan, 70.6 per cent in the same year.
The industrial landscape is returning. The trend is significant in the intel 19q1-19q4 data for upstream industries.
Research assistant: Rowanyan, with Google spending on capital amounted to $6.01 billion in 20 years, an increase of 30% over the same year, showing a certain upward trend.
With the construction of 5g in its peak phase, it is expected that more than 400,000 base stations will be built, with data required for companies to qualify for portfolio investment consultancy, and that significant growth is expected to drive the server industry into a new high-profile cycle.
Corporate leaders are strong. Global server sales fell by 1.7 per cent in 19 years, wave-in-depth studies on cloud intelligence technology -- Dell, the first and second largest producers, and hpe servers, which fell by 6.9 per cent and 8.4 per cent, respectively.
Technology development enablers, innovation-driven growth - 200110 Waves 3rd in the world (7% in income and close in volume) 2. Waves 19 Report: Profitability
9%) China’s first income growth of 10% in 19 years (18% by idc). Structurally, the tide cloud server market is home to more than 50% of the world’s total, i and non-x86 servers are home to more than 50% of China’s cities.
Innerbat manufacturers have a stable cooperative relationship, with 100-degree, Ali-and-Team servers showing up against 300-percent wave information (000977.sz).
Our server leaders are expected to continue their rapid growth in a high industry climate. At the same time, with the effects of corporate size and the rising share of non-Internet customers, companies’ future profitability is expected to continue to rise.
\triangleright’s cloud server operations are highly dependent on downstream cloud computing service providers’ needs, and the firm’s business should future cloud service providers, including Alibaba, Tseng, 100 degrees, spend less on capital than expected
The company is now in absolute leadership in the domestic ai server field, but considering its competition with both domestic and foreign technology giants, and if the corresponding technology is poorly developed and developed, its municipal presence or decline, self-public compliance channels, the logic of the report's analysis is based on its own professional understanding, the report clearly and accurately reflects its own research views, and the conclusions are not open to any third party.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.