A significant increase in profitability, industry or the return of tide information (000977.sz) 19-year report rating of companies: increase (maintain)
During the reporting period, the company ' s operating income was 51,653 million yuan, an increase of 10.1 per cent compared with the previous forecast of 15.9 per cent, mainly due to the overall decline in the apparel industry in 19 years. The net return profit was 929 million yuan, a rise in the same year.
In 2019, the world’s server industry was characterized by low capital spending due to downstream technology. According to idc, in 2019, the company was the only major server vendor in the world to have achieved positive growth.
Research Assistant: Rowan, and takes the top two items of global cloud servers. On the domestic front, the company maintains the market for long periods of time in areas such as ai/8/non-x86 server segmentation.
In the reporting period, the company’s gross companies qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Interest rates rose by almost 1 percentage point over the same period last year, reaching 11.97 per cent.
Technology development enablers, innovation-driven growth - 200110 Increasing innovation and future corporate profitability are expected to increase. 5g-year-olds, server industry is expected to enter a high-profile phase. 5g 2020
The construction of the base station has accelerated, and the 5g network supports the emergence of new applications such as car networking, industrial Internet, wearing devices, vr/ar, ultra-high-quality videos. We believe that wave information (000977.sz) is in contrast to depth 300.
“5g+” will generate big data, and server demand will probably pick up. Companies are expected to benefit fully as industry leaders.
The largest server leader in the country is expected to achieve high performance growth in 2020, using the industry wind. Keeping up with an “uptake” rating.
Vr/ar, super-high-resolution videos, etc., are on the ground. "5g+" will generate big data and the server will need to expect a recovery. The company is now large, and given that the economic situation resulting from the epidemic is not increasing, it is now expected that the server downstream will be able to calculate the concentration of giants to the clouds.
Cost rate: In terms of sales rates, as the firm size effect becomes more apparent, it coincides with the giant depth of the asset impairment: the loss of the company's asset impairment is mainly due to a falling stock price, derived from the annual yield ratio, the company is the leader in the domestic server sector, working closely with the technology giants, and in the cloud and the ai server fields.
By virtue of the advantage, in 19 years, Iotii servers in the start-up industry took up the front line of scale applications by 2020, with broad prospects for future development. “End-up” ratings are maintained. Corporate cloud servers are highly dependent on downstream cloud computing service providers’ business needs, if not.
The company’s cloud server business has grown as much as expected. \triangleright \triangleright
Companies are now in absolute leadership in the domestic ai server field, but considering their competition against both domestic and foreign technology giants, they may be able to slip at a market level if the corresponding technology is not developed at the same time, thereby affecting company performance.
The report’s analytical logic is based on one’s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.