Wave information (000977), performance against expectations, full implementation of smart calculation strategy Events: Wave information released in 2019, generating 51,653 million yuan, an increase of 10.04 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of 929 million yuan, an increase of 41.02 per cent over the same period
In 2019, the company achieved a net return of $929 million, a 41.02 per cent increase over the previous year, and continued to increase profitability. The company ' s Māori rate was 11.97 per cent, an increase of 0.95 pt over the same period last year.
Increases in sales personnel's salaries, resulting from increased marketing costs; higher growth in company fundamentals (latest) and costs of equipment for the division, and changes in the remuneration of managers; and financial costs
• Cloud+ai is a two-wheel drive, and corporate business is expanding in reverse. In 2019, the corporate focus, SMART, computes the opportunities for change, and comprehensively upgrades the strategy for calculating intelligence.) In cloud computing: in the last few years, waves have been the world's largest server, one.
According to idc data, worldwide server output and sales fell by 0.9 per cent and 1.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2019, while the tide held back the pressure, sales grew in reverse and market shares went further, the only one in the world.
Year after year, the company x86 server city was the third largest in the world and the largest in the world, and the speed of growth was the highest server vendor in the top five, while the wave of nodes and cloud servers were the first in the world to produce and sell the ball, and the i server was the first in three years in a row to take over the domestic market.
2. On the one hand: the company is at the forefront of the industry in the one area and has completed the layout of its operations at four levels, from hardware, platforms, management to the framework. According to the idc data, in 2017 and 2018, the company ' s 'ai server was in the middle of the second consecutive year.
In the first half of the year 2019, China continued to be the first market share in China, maintaining its position as a leader in intelligent calculations.  Profit forecast: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2020-2022, respectively.
Considering that the company is the leading server industry in the country, the company has implemented a full-scale strategy of intelligent computing, deep layout open-calculation, cloud and ai computing. At a time when cloud computing giants and operators are spending more and more on capital, the company is building a huge data centre.
It is hoped to break out of the siege and continue to raise the market rate, and we look forward to the company's development prospects, maintaining the company's “recommended” rating and the risk that the external business will not grow as expected; the risk of increased competition in the industry; and the US-China trade market.
This report has been prepared by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company will not receive this report from recipients.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.