The performance continued to improve, with the beneficiary server turning point - the wave information was evaluated in 2019 - the company achieved 51,653 million yuan during the 2019 financial reporting period, an increase of 10.04 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother was achieved
929 million yuan, an increase of 41.02 per cent over the same period. Scale effects improve profitability and debt reduction reduce financial costs \triangleright
Beneficiary companies increased their production size and their Māori production rate continued to rise, exceeding the growth in their performance. In 2019, corporate revenue rose to $51.6 billion, while the Māori product rate rose to 11.97 per cent, up from 0.95 pct, R&D inputs guaranteed product competitiveness, and ai, marginal computing server technology led the way.
Billions of yuan, 34.41% more than the same year, and 317 more R & D personnel. The company has maintained a leading position in the areas of cloud, ai, open computing, and margin counting, where cloud computing, wave sr's full cabinet servers are over 60% in the Chinese market, i48 is the first global scorpion multi-point server certified through odcc; and I have a wave in China.
The share of the i ' base structure market has been maintained at more than 50%: in the area of margin computing, the first wave of marginal servers in line with the Otii benchmark, ne 5260m5, was introduced by China on a large scale.
Net equity fund-raising of $1.94 billion eases the pressure on cash flows. Thanks to the expansion of operations and the start-up of large accounts receivable factoring at the beginning of the year, corporate accounts receivable at the end of 2019 amounted to $10,049 million, an increase of $5,321 million compared to the beginning of the year; net operating cash flows at $865 million in 2019, a decrease of $465 million.
Maintain the `Recommended' rating. The beneficial cloud, the ai, the marginal calculations have developed and server demand has increased. Company direct 35x/25x/20x, wind computer hardware pe 20 x, taking into account the company's leading position, maintains the `Recommended' rating. Server sales are below expectations and account periods are not improving as expected.
1. Wave Information (000977), 19-year performance forecast: corporate performance continues to be positive and industry demand is on the rise
2. Momentum Information (000977): server industry turning points. Visible.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements Summary of data projections for companies Top King, Chief of Education & Computer Industry at the National Institute of Education & Research, in 2019, and Master of Financial Sciences, Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,