The performance of IT technology hardware and equipment was over-expected in a quarter, with a significant increase in company stock holdings: the company released a quarterly report in 2020, generating operating income of $11,235 million.
The company’s revenues have been growing and its performance has begun to spread. In the case of profit-producing industries, the company’s revenues in the first quarter of 2020 have continued to grow in double digits, despite the impact of the epidemic. On the cost side, the company has had sufficient reserves because of the large number of sales and research and development personnel that it had added in the previous period.
Quarterly corporate sales costs fell by 8.37%, management costs by 9.14%, and profits increased at a greater rate. The server industry is approaching a high-growth stage, with a significant increase in company stock. The server industry has a certain cyclical pattern, and with the speed of cloud computing, 5g etc., the server overlapped.
This year, the country introduced the concept of “new infrastructure” to develop cloud infrastructure, and Ali proposed three years of capital/flow (millions of shares) for the cloud base.
With 200 billion investments in the field, the demand for servers is also expected to increase significantly, and the total market value/flow (millions) Ali, as one of the leaders in the industry, can fully anticipate the purchase of servers in the Internet industry.
The 12-month maximum/minimum ($) demand is about to rise, while Internet procurement accounts for more than 50% of total server purchases, so the server market is expected to enter a fast-growing phase this year.
Wave Information (000977), Corporate Performance Matches Downstream Demand, close to $7.5 billion in stock in the first quarter of 2020, up from the start of the period.
The technological advantages of companies are expected to increase with sustained investment in research and development, such as an ai server, and higher performance, with downstream market demand expected to hit the bottom.
Upwards - 2019/10/31. On 22 April, the company signed a strategic collaboration agreement with Xinwu, which will work together to advance wave information (00977), Corporate Performance Indicators
The technological advantages of the company are expected to continue to grow as a result of the fall-out of the solutions and the construction of the IQC. Good, downstream demand is expected to change in the coming year, uncertainty about the speed of expansion and uncertainty about the growth of the company’s overseas markets.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report