Corporate performance in IT technology hardware and equipment. Industry demand is expected to rise. Events: Corporate report 2019, generating business income of $51.65 billion, a year-on-year increase.
The Māori rate continues to improve and the R&D input enhances technical barriers. The size of the company’s revenues continues to expand, the beneficial scale effects and the demand for high-end servers such as the one have increased, and the Māori ratio of the company has continued to improve, increasing by 0.95 pct to 11.97% in 2019.
State smart manufacturing bases upgraded their production capacity, sales costs increased by a moderate 17 per cent, debt financing decreased, financial costs fell by 72 per cent, product R & D efforts and R & D staffing continued to increase, and R & D costs reached 2,348 million yuan in 19 years, a 34.4 per cent increase in the same year, combined with higher R & D inputs in jdm models.
In 2019, among the top five server manufacturers worldwide, only a wave increased sales volume by 18 per cent, with X86 servers accounting for over 10 per cent in global cities and over 34 per cent in domestic markets.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Total market value/flow (millions) Cloud computing plant capital expenditure starting at 19q3 with industry upturns, upstream intel
The highest/minimum data centre group revenue of 12 months at 1903 was also at a turning point, with 1904 growing, increasing at a higher rate, with changes up and down releasing signals of server demand recovery, while benefiting from new bases such as 5g.
Wave Information (000977), " Multiple improvements bring about the expansion of construction projects and the continued expansion of the size of the idc, with a better growth of the server market, an increase in performance and the prospect of bottom-up demand in downstream markets. "
The company, as a leading company in the business, will fully benefit from the recovery of the industry through high-performance products, fast-delivery capacity, and a return to jdm - 2019/10/31. In response to demand surges, the company maintained at the end of 19
Wave information (000977), Corporate performance indicators High readiness for inventory of $8.668 billion, 12 per cent ring increase.
There are uncertainties in the growth of the company's overseas market, including the speed of the expansion, and the Institute, Beijing City West Side, No. 9 North Street.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.