Larger shares, the best beneficiaries of the continuing increase in the price of refrigerants.
There is still room for upswing in prices. The company, as the absolute leader of the refrigerant industry, benefited most from the increase in rotation prices, mainly as a result of the effects of deeper structural reforms on the supply side and improved downstream demand, and the recovery in prices and sales of the company’s main products.
The average price of petrochemical materials was $12,752 per ton, an increase of 38.48% in the same year, and other basic chemical products, food, packaging, etc., increased their performance. And, in comparison with the average price of the previous three quarters, most of the products continued to rise in the fourth quarter, confirming our earlier prices.
In the second half of 2017, industrial output and product prices were low due to downstream demand, environmental sustainability, etc. Since late September, refrigerants have been in the context of the tightness of upstream feedstocks such as hydrofluoric acid.
Prices have opened a new round of price hikes. We believe that, with downstream warming and sustained environmental impacts, this round of the refrigerant landscape may continue for a longer period of time. The company is the absolute leader of the domestic refrigerant industry, with nearly 300,000 tons of production capacity for all types of refrigerant products, and it is the greatest supply to industry.
The conglomerate fund builds the lead in electronic materials. The company announced earlier that it was going to co-finance the establishment of the Sino-Key Technology, the company's shareholding, and other investors, such as the Industrial Investment Fund.
Medium-husk technology has grown internally mainly through investment in, or acquisition of, the electronics industry, as well as through the integration of good domestic and foreign electronics enterprises, and a significant drop in the price of domestic refrigerants, and the progress of e-chemical-related projects has been lower than expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
Wang Haitao, chemical giants.