Bank Ningbo (002142): Revenue from intermediate operations has improved significantly, and there are clear signs of a slowdown of risk, attributed to the parent company’s general shareholders, net profit of 22.445 billion yuan (+8.39%, yoy). At the end of September, corporate capital grew faster than public loans and financial investment, and individual loans continued to grow at the demand end. q3 Bank loans increased at the same rate.
The \triangleright industry is slowing, but it still has a clear advantage over the industry. For the public sector, the general lending increase is significantly larger than in the same period in recent years, reflecting the good demand of the regional economy and the company’s adequate project reserves; the new bill discount is lower than in the same period in recent years.
Complementarity with general lending is still higher than in recent years. q3 is still a good year for individuals, given the seasonality of previous years, but this year q3 is significantly lower than the same period in recent years, and is related to weak credit demand on the one hand, and to tighter lending, consumer lending policies, or risk increases on the other.
Weaknesses, however, are expected to grow faster during the year as a result of the stronger q1-q3 investment in public credit as the basis for year-round consolidation, and the release of new policy instruments in q4 is expected to activate potential demand. q3 Bank financial investments are growing at a faster pace, reflecting a weaker credit situation, and the allocation has been skewed in favour of government debt, rising as compared to government debt in the social integration structure.
q3 Ningbo Bank deposits have fallen seasonally, but due to a solid q1 pool, the same ratio has increased at a significantly faster rate than the same period. Heavy pricing effects continue to narrow down interest differentials, with deposits repricing to ease interest differential pressure. The q3 quarter net interest differential is measured at 1.76%, with the impact of the double adjustment of lpr in the second half of the year and falling interest rates on housing loans; on the other hand, due to recent debt.
Bank Ningbo (002142): The lower market interest rate for intermediate operations is evident, and the share of low coupons in the portfolio is rising gradually; in addition, the share of retail loans with a higher rate of return is below the income improvement and asset quality is excellent -
At the end of the debt, Bank Ningpo started a new round of deposits in May, following the pace of the big bank.
In recent months, central banks mlf, buybacks, have made net investments, and plan to restart the country.
These factors will have a positive impact on the end of the debt if monetary policy is intensified, and it is expected that, in the light of recent years’ experience of synchronized lending, interest differentials will be more neutral, and the downward pressure on the spread is expected to continue.
q2 Ningbo Bank ' s inter-bank income increased by a drop, reflecting the positive effects of a clear erosion of the impact of the concessional policy and improvements in capital markets. q3 Further improvements due mainly to improved capital markets and the elasticity of the company ' s traditional wealth management and asset management operations
In terms of return on investment, there is a strong stock market, a weak stock market, and a weak market, with broad investment returns on time. Debt markets are now underpinned by macro-level fundamentals, but are also constrained by rising market risk preferences, and q4 is expected to be dominated by shocks, and returns on investment in the banking sector are generally depressed.
At the end of q3, Ningpo Bank overall non-performing lending was 0.76%, with a flat ring ratio. Loans of concern represented a small increase of 6bps to 6bps in comparison of q2.
1.08% of overdue loans fell from 3bps to 0.86% of the comparison q2. The ratio of bad loans to overdue loans rose for two consecutive quarters, reflecting a sharp increase in negative perceptions. q3 Bank losses on loan impairments increased significantly the same year, reflecting company prudential reasoning. 21.17% of non-performing loan write-offs were measured, and further declines were made from the high-level platform in recent years, showing good risk clearance.
Good results. Dynamicly, a negative q3 quarter generation rate (with write-off) of 0.17% was measured, dropping one step back from a high-level platform in recent years. The coverage ring ratio continued to pick up slightly in response to the slower impact of the higher-intensity plan. In the current industry, against the background of a general increase in individual loan risk, firm recognition and write-off were concentrated mainly on retail credit and timely disposal of wind.
In view of the faster growth in corporate income and the higher provision, it is envisaged that there will still be an ability to maintain an excellent indicator of asset quality. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
The value is 0.79, 0.70 and 0.62 times higher than on 30 October. Ningpo Bank has clear advantages in wealth management and asset management, with capital markets showing a better growth elasticity in a favourable environment. With revenue and provision advantages, companies are able to respond adequately to rising pressure on retail risk in the industry, and asset quality is expected to remain excellent.
Asymmetrical interest cuts result in higher than expected interest differentials.
Figure 3 Size of new lending by q3 Ningbo Bank, in billions of yuan. Figure 4 Scale and rate of financial investment by Ningbo Bank. Figure 5 Size and rate of increase in bank deposits. Left axis: billion yuan.
Figure 6 Size of new deposits at q3 Ningbo Bank, in billions of yuan, 1-quarter interest differential and same-year variation in figure 8
Figure 9 Other combined gains from Ningbo Bank, left axis unit: 100 million yuan; 10 Ningbo bank failure rate, concern rate and overdue rate, in % Appendix: forecast values in three major statements
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.