The taps are growing steadily, and internal and external M&As are expanding into new space.
Business income grew steadily, with lower costs driving Māori up. Gross operating income in 2016 was 55.932 billion yuan, representing an increase of 9.72 per cent. 32.5 and 42.5 levels of cement sales accounted for 31.50 per cent and 55.48 per cent, respectively, representing a slight decrease, while the sales of clinker accounted for 12.36 per cent, representing an increase of 1.92 percentage points. Business income in the fourth quarter amounted to $17,982 million, representing an increase of 38.25 per cent over the year.
32.15 per cent of sales revenue was mainly affected by the recovery in product prices and increased sales. The combined net sales of cement and clinker by companies amounted to 277 million, with a combined Māori rate of 32.47 per cent, an increase of 4.83 percentage points over the same period the previous year. The combined costs of the Division were R$ 132.28/t, a decrease of R$ 6.62/t, a decrease of 4.77 per cent, mainly from the cost of raw materials, coal and electricity.
The cost for the period was 12.32%, a decrease of 1.46 percentage points over the same period, mainly due to an increase in income, with sales, management and financial costs falling by 0.26, 0.66 percentage points and 0.54 percentage points over the same period.
In response to increased concentration in the industry, the company continues to build up M&A. Six clinker production lines, such as Yoonhan, \triangleright \yangleright, and 18 cement mills, such as Mansan conch, and the state conch, have been put into production, adding new clinking products throughout the year.
With a capacity of 9.2 million tons and a capacity of 28.86 million tons of cement; with the completion of the disposal of cement assets in the stock of the original lair, the clinker capacity increased by 5.4 million tons and the water and mud capacity increased by 3.5 million tons; on the international market, the group invested in cement projects, holding or participating in 14 project companies in five countries, including Indonesia, Myanmar and Cambodia.
Projects such as the successful construction and commissioning of the Cement Clink Production Lines of the South and West Papua Corporation, the Peacock Powder Stations and the Myanmar Cow Cow Cow Cow Production Lines, the construction of cement projects in North Su, Battambang, Cambodia, Lao Qingbra State, and the active promotion of the pre-existing work on the Volga Cows and Mandalay projects. At the end of 2016, the company produced 244 million tons of clinker and 313 million tons of cement and bone materials.
Production capacity: 24.9 million tonnes, of which 4.8 million tonnes are overseas clinker production and 9.35 million tonnes are cement production. Profit predictions and investment ratings: companies, as leading cement industry firms, are highly competitive.
Under the corporate development strategy of domestic M&As and foreign outreach, there is scope for clear growth paths, consistent with the trend in China’s traditional cement industry, and we maintain a firm’s “strongly recommended” investment rating.
Figure 1: Māori rate change in conch cement
Figure 3: Change in net asset returns for conch cement single quarter
In 2008, the Central University of Finance and Economics entered the securities industry, with many years of experience in industrial research, and in 2011 with the Eung Xing bonds, engaged in building materials, analyzing the research views of the researchers themselves. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.