For the benefit of supply-side reforms, 17 years of corporate performance will be steady growth .. conch cement (600585), researching conch cement and communicating with company management on corporate performance and development strategies.
The 17-year national average price of cement will be higher than 16 years, and the company’s 17-year performance will increase steadily.
The company ' s 16-year performance has also recovered, with its projected sales of cement (including clinker) amounting to 275 million tons in 16 years, or 7.4 per cent. We believe that the 17-year growth in real estate investment will be higher and lower, and capital investment will continue at a high rate, and that the national average price of cement is expected to be higher than 16 years in 17 years as a result of further improvements in the side of the cement supply.
The company’s performance will continue to grow steadily, and a special fund will have to be created to reward the withdrawal of backward production for 17 years, while the Ministry of the Environment will continue to monitor the strict implementation of the phase-out of cement production throughout the country.
On the other hand, monitoring environmental compliance, faulty peak production, and this year’s monitoring will be stronger and more frequent than 16 years. We believe that environmental inspection will help limit cement production, but the total withdrawal of production capacity from the deficit in cement will require the creation of a special fund to reward the withdrawal of production capacity from the deficit, such as 16 years of steel and coal supply side reforms.
Less than steel, where there are currently some 3,000 cement companies, including nearly 2,000 small mills, and where profits have improved significantly over 16 years in the water and mud industry, we believe that cement will take longer to produce than steel. For 17 years, the company will implement a sector-by-region cement market strategy that balances prices.
The company currently produces 300 million tons of cement, 240 million tons of clinker, and has the second-largest capacity in the country. In 17 years, the company has no new clinker production line in the country, and its cement market strategy will balance prices, tailor strategies to the region, and ensure that the company is profitable.
Thirteen-five plans for overseas cement production to reach 50 million tons, and three, profit projections and investment proposals, with 17 years of deep supply-side reforms, the national average price of cement will be higher than 16 years, and the company will be the national leader of cement.
Tuu Yuu has graduated from China ' s University of Mines (Beijing) and has studied chemical engineering and crafts in undergraduate studies, as well as in mineral processing (coalization). In July 2011, he added securities to the list. He has been engaged in research on major energy trends, such as coal, electricity, gas and environmental protection. He joined the Chinese People ' s University in July 2011 for a master ' s degree in economics, four years of experience in securities research, and in August 2015 for the construction of building materials.
The author, with the qualifications and considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.