The side supply support industry has been upgraded, and the company is expected to be strong.
The research report on conch cement (600585) □ the industry's needs are expected to be stable and the opportunity to look at supply reforms.
The demand for the cement industry is expected to be relatively stable in the first three quarters of the year. Sixteen years of production by the wrong peaks, the industry has completed a compressed output, but the degeneration of the capacity has not yet been fully realized. At present, the sector ' s supply side reform continues to deepen, for 17 years.
Regional collaboration has been strengthened, lagging capacity has been phased out at a faster rate, environmental regulations have been put in place, and the conch will benefit from being a leader in the industry. □ A strong “one-size-fits-all” strategy, taking full advantage of regional opportunities
In the future, the company will further strengthen the central position of the East China coast and the Kawakawa region: the coast of China.
With relatively advanced infrastructure projects, with a rapidly growing demand, no additional production capacity in the region and a high probability of market warming, and a relatively low level of investment and reserves for infrastructure projects in the Yuen Yuen Yuen region, the market is relatively closed, the inflow costs of external products are high, and regional prices are flexible.
Large. The firm is well aligned with competitors in the above-mentioned regions and is expected to create industrial synergies, maintain a steady growth in sales, expand its international operations, and are expected to remain stable in terms of prices. The company continues to expand its international operations.
Deepening the South-East Asian market, six production lines were established in Indonesia, Laos and Cambodia, four of which are expected to start production by the end of next year, and one in Cambodia (which is expected to start early next year). Given the slow pace of projects abroad, companies are targeting the expansion of overseas operations during the 13th Five-Year Plan.
In addition to the relatively high 50 million tons of overseas production lines, and in line with the development model of the international large cement industry, companies are expected to be active in setting up new markets and accelerating the expansion of overseas operations. □ Low asset-liability rates and accelerated mergers and acquisitions are expected to accelerate.
At present, the domestic market is characterized by a weak output that accelerates liquidation, industrial integration and concentration, and as a leader in the industry, firms, while further strengthening collaboration among large firms, have accelerated the acquisition of SMEs. In recent years, the firm’s asset-liability rate has been low and cash flows have been adequate.
As a result of supply-side reforms, the cement industry has started to upgrade, and companies are committed to a “one-size-fits-all” strategy, taking full advantage of regional opportunities, and strengthening intraregional cooperation.
Profitability highlights the positive growth in overseas operations, the high level of money set aside, the readiness for mergers and acquisitions, and the “enhanced” rating. No rating - none due to lack of access to the necessary information, or because the company faces significant uncertainties in terms of unforeseeable results, or for other reasons.
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.