Improved supply and demand boost performance, sustained expansion of conch cement (600585)
The overall recovery in the industry and the significant increase in the Māori rate 16 years of stable demand in the cement industry, continuing supply-side reforms, the overall recovery in the industry, and a recovery of 8 per 10.21 per cent in net sales/sales of cement and clinker by companies throughout the year, including the central and western regions, respectively
More productive capacity and M & As were added and sales increased by 13.01 per cent and 11.80 per cent, respectively, and corporate cost control advantages continued to be highlighted during the reporting period, with significant improvements in total raw material/fuel power/manual costs and corporate cash flows, with net operating cash flows of $13.2 billion a year, up 3.3 billion from the same year.
A simultaneous increase in net female profits. □ Sustained improvement in supply and demand, increased performance of regional price increases 17 years of continuous improvement in the supply-demand relationship in the cement industry and a steady rise in cement prices, resulting in higher corporate performance
According to the 17-year government report, domestic capital investment will be stable and will support the demand for cement, while, in a context of environmental tightening and continued supply-side reforms, the capacity to produce behind will accelerate, and cement prices are expected to increase steadily.
The two rounds of price hikes have been completed, and the rise is expected to be strong in the rim lake area. The company, as the leader of the rim and the rim lake, has a stronger regional voice, a better industry, a more profitable industry, an expansion of the outer space, and a “one-way” internationalization.
In recent years, the cement industry has increased its integration and concentration, and companies have continued to benefit as champions, with a steady expansion. Companies now have a broad domestic layout, a long-term Māori lead market, low indebtedness (26.68%), greater leverage space, and a basis for further acceleration in mergers and acquisitions.
At the same time, the company continued to deepen its cultivation of the South-East Asian market, actively expanding its international operations through the country's “one-way” policy. In 16 years, the company completed four projects in Indonesia, West Papua, Myanmar, three projects in North Sudan, Cambodia, Laos, etc., and the pre-projects in Russia, Myanmar, etc. were well-established.
In addition, in 16 years, the company first proposed overseas expansion targets, with plans to lay 50 million tons of overseas production lines during the “13-50” period, which are expected to increase in future overseas operations. During the reporting period, the company’s recovery rate rose, the cost fell, the Maori rate rose significantly, and the three fees were well regulated.
Thanks to side-side supply reforms, the industry has begun to upgrade, built on solid expectations and sustained recovery in demand, cement prices have been sustained over the long term, and industry fundamentals have been improving. Companies have expanded as industry leaders, profitability has been high, indebtedness is low, mergers and acquisitions are low, and so on.
At the same time, the company follows a “swipe” of business expansion abroad and is expected to be active. Appendix: Financial statement forecasts, no rating - no result due to lack of access to the necessary information, or because the company faces significant uncertainties in terms of unforeseeable results, or for other reasons.
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.