Giant cement (600585.sh/0914.hk)
In 2015, the cement industry was at a low point, recovering gradually from the low point in 2016 and returning to the upward cycle, and a low recovery in the cement industry is expected to continue in 2017, with companies as industry leaders accounting for nearly 20 per cent of the industry’s net profits and maintaining “buy-in” investment proposals.
Cement demand at the end: in 2016, driven by an upswing in downstream real estate markets and capital projects
It will not be as strong as in the past, and downstream demand will continue to be dominated by capital construction, which is expected to continue to grow at a relatively rapid pace this year: thanks to the explosion of real estate sales last year, the cash available for the premises development enterprise, the more positive replenishments, and the steady pace of new construction and construction,
In 2017, overall demand in the cement industry is expected to remain stable, with demand in the cement sector growing at around 2%, and a weak recovery. Cement supply: overall profitability in the cement industry recovered significantly in 2016, despite demand.
Improvements have been made, but at a modest rate, and the increase in profits is largely due to a contraction in the supply side. On the one hand, the water and mud sectors have become more marketable and, while demand has remained stable, firms have agreed to reduce production in a modest manner, and on the other hand, in a context of increasingly stringent environmental policies, the State has increased.
The production of cement is also compressed by strong environmental surveillance and mandatory production of faulty peaks. The current capacity utilization rate of the whole industry is about 70% (with companies using about 85%, which is significantly better than the industry average), and the excess capacity conflict is still prominent, with the country expected to have limited capacity for new cement production in 2017 and centralized.
The policy has identified the cement sector as a priority sector for off-productivity, and in the future will focus on accelerating the process of removing backward capacity in the cement industry, providing safeguards for the health of the industry, and promoting differential electricity prices, inter alia, by strengthening environmental controls, introducing subsidies for closing production capacity.
Snail cement is a leading business in the industry, with the advantages of technological leadership, wide market distribution, high market participation and lower costs (about $20-30 ton lower than other enterprises), less affected by market fluctuations,
Cement price situation: The average price of the national cement market in 2016 showed an upward trend after the previous low, with the average price of cement rising rapidly in the second half of the year, from a low of $237 per ton in the first half of the year to 320 per ton in the December season, rising by 83 dollars per ton, up by 35 per cent, and we believe that the price of cement is rising rapidly.
The rise should follow mainly the rise in overall commodity prices in the second half of last year, with less marked improvements in supply and demand. This year, the supply and demand structure of cement will be roughly the same as in the second half of last year, and cement prices are expected to remain stable.
Profit forecasts: We expect a low recovery in the cement industry in 2017, and the company’s profitability will grow steadily as the leader of the industry. The net profits of the company are expected to be expected (expected return; er) in 2016 and 2017, respectively, as follows:
Figure: Trends in cement prices across the country