It is worth noting that in 2021 the company expected to have an equity incentive cost of 350 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2021, which is expected to be raised at the end of the year, so that real profits increase at a much higher rate than is apparent.
The company is the leading equipment manufacturer in the country with a very wide range of products. In the area of equipment, there are three main products: pvd, etching, stove tubes, cleaning, cvd, etc., as well as photovoltaic equipment, panel equipment, led equipment and metascopes in the area of general semiconductors.
In November 2021, the company completed a targeted increase in the amount of $8.5 billion to be invested in equipment and component extension projects and high-end forecasts: national production replacement + downstream highs, q2 continued highs.
The equipment research and development project, which is expected to be completed in 2023, will result in the formation of 500 annual integrated circuits, new 2.002371 performances in North China (002371), the annual production of equipment of 443 million pieces of equipment, and a full opening of space for growth.
Review: Downstream demand is strong, raising funds to open up long-term space, crystal mill expansion is ongoing, equipment demand is high and renewable.
\triangleright $44 billion, an increase of about 40% over the same year, maintaining a high rate of growth and optimism about the semiconductor climate. Unlike power generation, 70-80% of capital spending is spent on advanced 7nm and below, 28nm and above are required to mature.
In December 2021, the China Rainbow Group announced a large tender for 292 equipments, exceeding the total 2021 bid, with a significant capacity; in December 2021, Shenzhen was declared to be working on the ground, and in January 2022, he launched a construction facility in China Harbour.
In 2023, the country’s crystalline production chain will continue to peak, and the upstream equipment market is expected to grow at a sustained high rate. As a result, the vast product line is expected to fully enjoy downstream expansion and national production dividends, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.