Innovative Technologies and Business Services Research Centre
High profit growth, sustained beneficiary production 1. High and sustained performance growth, full supply of orders - 3. Significant increase in profitability, deep beneficiary production
Firms are full of hand orders, semiconductor equipment continues to be high, and deep beneficiary countries are producing. 2021.8.31 The North’s Inventories Review, the company’s net profits grew rapidly in the second half of 2022 and profits were released with the effects of scale.
4. High Performance Report, Production of Deep Beneficiary Countries -- 98.1% increase in the same year; Deduction of non-net profit of $263 million, 11 times increase in the same year. Corporate orders were fully replenished, with contract liabilities continuously rising from $3 billion at the end of 2020 to $5.5 billion at the end of September 2021
The stock in the first three quarters was $7.6 billion, an increase of 54 per cent over the end of 2020, indicating that companies are actively increasing the sale of order orders.
The potential expansion of domestic asset lines of 12 inches, 8 inches and 420,000 in the future is estimated to be 1.2 inches per month and 420,000 in the future.
Month. In the larger context of trade friction between China and the United States, there is a sustained increase in the domestic production rate of semiconductor equipment. In the semiconductor compartments, the temperature of the equipment industry below the main line of national production is the most certain, and the company semiconductor is the most well-developed product, and it is hoped that it will benefit most from national substitution.
In recent years, companies have accelerated their research and development of advanced process equipment, which will erode technology horizontally.
We believe that, with the help of the project, the company’s multi-product line layout and technology retention in many areas will continue to be leading, and the future national production market will have a huge space. The company has set up an additional $8.5 billion to invest $3.8 billion.
New projects amount to $7.9 billion in post-partum production. Technological breakthroughs have not been as expected, downstream expansion and capacity climbs have not been as expected, and trade risks in China and the United States have increased.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment