In January-February, a huge increase in revenue was recorded, with new orders exceeding $3 billion, and corporate research and rapid evaluation of companies announced that, in January-February 2022, North China achieved business income of $1,366 million, an increase of about 135 per cent, and new orders of over $3 billion.
Nintendo Electronics: Uttar Pradesh is a leading equipment manufacturer in the country, with three main products in semiconductor manufacturing, etching, furnaces, pvd, and a smooth and large-scale import into the country of major crystal-crystal manufacturing plants, advanced storage manufacturers, and semiconductor manufacturing projects in a wide range of other areas. The company is also active in cleaning, cvd, and has photovoltaic equipment, panel equipment, led equipment and components in the panconductor sector.
The company is expected to benefit fully from the extended home-grown crystal-crystal manufacturing cycle, thanks to extensive product line layouts and extensive certification and business import experience. The pick-up rate has increased significantly, mainly as a result of strong downstream market demand, and continued growth in the company’s semiconductor equipment and electronic components operations.
Semiconductor equipment was released, and company performance increased significantly in 2021. According to company performance forecasts, in 2021, corporate operating income was 84.8-10.90 billion yuan, an increase of 40-80 per cent, a net profit of 940-1221 million for mothers, a 75-125 per cent increase, a net profit of 690-890 million for non-mothers, a higher demand for equipment than the expansion of global semi-crystal manufacturing, and a lower rate of production of the front semiconductor equipment from the US-Japan monopoly country.
The global semiconductor sector is expected to continue to record high demand, and global semiconductor sector spending is expected to remain high. According to icinsights, for the first time in a row for three consecutive years throughout 2022.
According to Semi, 2019 showed an overall upward trend in global expenditure on equipment at the Pre-Crystal Circle (18%) between 2016 and 2021, and a record high in 2020 and 2021 ($63.5 billion, $91.4 billion).
Three of the top ten leading semiconductor equipment manufacturers were from the United States, with a total market share of 40%; four from Japan, with a market share of 19.5%; and asml from the Netherlands, with 18.1% of the world’s market share because of its leaching duv and euv monopoly.
Equipment manufacturers in the North, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
In an era of upgrading, our digital economy has grown to more than $5 trillion (China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, 2020 data), and applications such as 5g, alot, new energy vehicles, etc., have gradually moved to the forefront of the world, and we believe that the “world factory” model of semiconductor demand growth has driven the transition to home-grown innovation since the past, as a result of the escalation of trade friction between China and the United States and the impact of the new global crown epidemic.
The self-sufficiency rate of indigenous crystal round workers, advanced storage capacity, is still low, and expansion is expected to continue on a continuous cycle, and input capacity is expected to increase. The icinsights project that in 2026, the continent’s share of pure crystal round generation plants will reach 8.8% in the global market, although in recent years the speed of production has increased only slightly from 8.5% in 2021.
There is still a significant gap between the peak of 11.4% of the city in 2006. A breakthrough in state-owned advanced storage chip technology. As of 2021, the country’s advanced dram-making master stock had started commercial production of 19nddr4dram products, and the Yangtze stock had commercialized production of 64-storey 3dnandflash chips, starting commercial production of 128-stores of 3dnand, but the combined capacity of the glycerine storage and the Yangtze storage capacity of 2021 was estimated to be only around 2.5% worldwide according to 0mdia.
According to yole, China’s storage chip capacity is expected to grow at an average annual rate of 40-50% over the next five years, creating a higher market competitiveness. So, we believe that the substantial expansion of domestic semiconductor manufacturing is expected to continue over a longer period of time, thus contributing to the long-term prosperity of the domestic semiconductor equipment market.
A total investment of US$ 26 billion, including US$ 8.9 billion and US$ 2.4 billion in the mature production line 28nm and above, as well as numerous simulations, separation devices, semiconductor lines of compounds, and experimental lines. According to the cost of building the crystalline, which is 70-80% of the equipment in the front, combined with the construction time forecast, only the new production line construction project in 2021 is expected to be released in 2021-2024.
A total of $18.2 billion to $20.8 billion in forward equipment market demand.Figure 7: 2021, China’s new start-up crystal round manufacturing project.
In the north, the front-track equipment is widely configured and the track is wide-ranging. Crystal manufacturing is integrated through major processes such as circular oxidation/dissemination (thermalprocess), photomistries (photo-lithography), etching (etch), ion injection (ionimplant), film growth (dieclecandmetal deposition), cleaning and polishing (clean&cmp), metalization (metalization) and so forth.
Circuits, corresponding process equipment, including oxidation/distribution equipment, optical carving equipment, etching equipment, cleaning equipment, ion injection equipment, film deposition preparation, mechanical polishing equipment, etc. The product lines of the North China semiconductor manufacturing equipment include chemical gas phase deposition (cvd), physical gas phase deposition (pvd), etching, thermal treatment/oxidation, cleaning of five major categories of equipment and other equipment such as mfc, support equipment, etc.
The five major categories of equipment involved account for nearly 50% of the global market for front-track equipment, corresponding to nearly $50 billion in market size, and the wide range of tracks. Erosions, stoves, pvds, the company’s three main products, cleaning, cvd, etc., are active: corrosion equipment: the North’s irp etching machine accumulates deep and accumulates more than a thousand cargoes.
In 2016, the company’s first 14nm silicon etching equipment was delivered to the client, and in 2017, the company’s first plant was used for 8 inches 0.13um and month, with a cumulative delivery of the North’s icp etching machine in thousands. The company now forms a matrix of plasma etching products covering 8 inches, 12 inches of integrated circuits, advanced encapsulation, mems, led, powerware, etc.
*Pvd equipment: North China has broken through a number of key technologies, such as splating source design, plasma generation and control technology, particle control technology, cavity design and simulation technology, software control technology, etc.
A core technological advantage with autonomous intellectual property rights has been established, resulting in a breakthrough in high-end thin film preparation equipment in the domain of national integrated circuits, which should represent a higher level of equipment for the national integrated circuit film preparation process across multiple technological generations, and successful entry into the international supply chain system.
The market for cleaning equipment has already accounted for 8% of the market. In recent years, the product lines created by the North have successfully been validated and ordered through domestic crystal-crystal plants, expanding production capacity in indigenous crystals on the wheel.
During the cycle, companies are expected to grow rapidly. On the one hand, because of the late start-up of our semiconductor equipment enterprises, including the North, the amount of goods produced and the market share is significantly lower than the international plant, and the performance of their operations is characterized by income and low profit margins; on the other hand, as demand for the soil and international environmental uncertainty increase, firms are able to accelerate their entry into the certification and commercialization of large-scale local crystal manufacturing plants.
We believe that, in the current international environment of the expanding semiconductor capacity cycle and complex international environment, the need for domestic production of the industrial chain is increasing, companies are equipped with the space to grow, and companies are expected to increase their domestic market share gradually from point to face, thus significantly improving their performance. In the context of the company’s 2021 performance forecast, the January-February 2022 business announcement, and the company’s expectation of strong future semiconductor equipment growth, we are looking forward to the following:
Year 11.02.8.11 times ps. Domestic crystal-crystal manufacturing has increased the domestic production of semiconductor equipment, requiring a significant increase in the demand for domestic semiconductor equipment, as the company leads the most extensive indigenous semiconductor equipment in product line layouts, and its products are being validated at large indigenous plants such as the Central Core International, the Yangtze Storage, and large-scale commercial imports, which are expected to boost performance significantly, with a “buy-in” rating.
1. Downstream crystal circle manufacturing capacity expansion does not meet the expected risks: the company ' s main industry is made of equipment such as semiconductor equipment, and the typical downstream producers of crystal circle manufacturing plants such as idm, crystal circle, or transgeneration plants, such as those whose capacity expansion is less than expected, or will result in lower demand for equipment, resulting in the company ' s inability to meet customers ' needs, or will result in underperformance;
(b) Risks of new product underdevelopment: e.g., new product development, less advanced import than expected, or loss of optimal market entry window
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and that, by reasoning its judgement and drawing conclusions, it seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.