q1 performance guidelines are in line with expectations and do not fear the impact of the epidemic on high-growth times throughout the year — Quick Report Q1 Performance Assessment — 2020q1 performance continues to grow at a high rate, in line with market expectations, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
The company released its first quarter performance report for 2020: q1 achieved a net return profit range of $955-986 million in 2020, an increase of 55-60% over the same period, while 2020q1 performance continued to grow at a high rate in line with market expectations. We believe that companies, as domestic sophisticated manufacturing platforms, will benefit fully downstream.
Despite the impact of the epidemic, the company uses 2020q1 to control the epidemic, as well as the cost of use.
The increase in productivity and income have been somewhat reduced by the country’s delayed start-up and the return of staff, but the combined efforts of all employees have effectively reduced the negative impact of external factors, allowing the Division to continue to grow at a high rate.
This has not happened since then, and although there has been some delay in research and development due to the effects of the epidemic, current progress shows that new machines will still be available at the scheduled pace for the second half of the year.
(a) Dynamic developments, in particular: consumption electronics, driven by tws headphones, wearable equipment and mobile phones, which are expected to continue to grow at a high rate throughout the year; and communications operations, where multiple products and customers of the company have made breakthroughs, with rapid growth periods driven by new infrastructure such as 5g, data centres, etc.;
On the electronics side, there is now much progress in client outreach and growth prospects in the coming years; on the new business side, sip, wearable, etc., are well advanced and are expected to be a new engine for companies to grow in the coming years. The forward-looking layout + efficient implementation is well recognized by clients, and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years.
In the long term, the development of consumer electronics, iot finished products and associated zero items is still more space driven by technological advances in 5g and 5g; in the transformation of communications technology from 4g to 5g, the trend of small-scaleization is becoming more evident, and companies have made a clear breakthrough in their customers and products; and automobile electronics are moving towards the future.
In the direction of intelligent driving, car networking, etc., is the next trillion-grade major market, where companies have been producing and technologically laid out for many years. Faced with the trend of downstream industries, companies are looking ahead with multiple sets, from parts, modules, to systems programmes that have completed the system and the layout of the core products.
With these layouts, we judge that the company’s future major operations are expected to continue at a high pace.
q3 Performance Beyond Expectation, Excerpt Manufacturing Biggs Accelerating Growth 2019-10-21 "H1 Performance Over Expectation " , Precision Manufacturing Bigs Keeping Up High "
Rapid Growth 2019-08-20 Multi-Sectoral Prospective Layout, Accurately Generating Big Bangs 2019-06-10