High growth during the epidemic, year-round performance, April 28, 2020 - top-secret (002475.sz) performance rating for the first quarter of 20 years.
Company rating: Increase (maintain) in the quarterly report. Company 20q1 achieved revenues of $16.513 billion, an increase of 83.10 per cent in the same year, a net return to mother ' s profit of $982 million, an increase of 59.40 per cent in the same year.
A net interest rate of 6.21% for 2020q1, 0.83 pcts less for the same year, and a reduction in the ring for the same year
The order is full, close to full-load production, resulting from the continued rise in downstream demand for blast products. At the same time, due to the impact of the epidemic, the company’s start-up costs have increased and profits have fallen by the same margin, of which the Māori rate has decreased by 2.96 pcts and the net interest rate has decreased by the same rate.
0.83 pcts less, mainly due to: 1) the company ' s early construction of new plant parks, team-building and pre-generation investments, in response to the company ' s continued high growth in the future; 2) the company ' s deployment of personnel during the epidemic period
1. Precision-in-depth study - multi-area layout - increased costs of implementation of comprehensive care and recruitment costs, vaccination inputs, control measures, etc.; 3) some high-growth cost of products
The cost of raw materials in the structure is high. 3.tws penetration still has room for improvement, and new infrastructure is expected to drive the corporate communications industry.
According to the big customer product plan, the third generation of airpods is expected to be marketed successfully this year, and the trend of tws to increase penetration is expected to continue. At present, the volume of airpods is expected to reach 100 million.
In the context of the new infrastructure, the operation benefits from the base and application end: cloud computing and 5g base stations will be used as a base station.
In the case of consumer electronics, the amount of money in the airpodspro continues to be released, and 20-year new airpods and iphones are expected to be on the market on schedule, updating as smart equipment is upgraded and products are good.
Consumption of electronic business income has risen steadily. New products such as acoustics, radio frequencies, motors, opticals, etc. have expanded in line with expectations. Computer interconnectivity products and sophisticated components are early business at the company ' s pc end, with the change of smart terminals and the transformation of the company ' s business centre, which accounts for a decline in the share of the main business, which is expected to be collected in the future.
The company ' s layout connectors, antennas, etc. were partially integrated into the core manufacturer ' s supply chain system, and with a 30 per cent growth in business income over the three-year period, the Māori rate for the 2020e - 2022e operation remained stable as car interconnectivity products and sophisticated components
The company has continued to invest in research and development in the area of automobile interconnection, and the business has grown rapidly in recent years, and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate with the increase in the level of digitization of automobiles and the availability of new energy vehicles. Other connector operations are relatively small in proportion to the removal of connector products from the major subdivisions mentioned above.
Industry, with the continuous release of new products from downstream customers, is expected to further enhance corporate performance and maintain a higher rating. Schedule 1 profit scale (millions of dollars) is open to compliance, the logic of analysis in the report is based on my professional understanding, the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and the conclusions are not open to any third party.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.