Wearable equipment drives high performance.
The annual report of Fu Chu Yu, published in 2019, generated 62,516 million yuan a year-on-year increase of 74.38 per cent; net profit on return to the mother was 4,714 million yuan a year-on-year increase of 73.13 per cent;
(i) The demand for wearable equipment expands, and companies outperform their expectations.
Seasonal growth, year-on-year high growth, largely benefited from a significant increase in the number of wearable products that informed the preparation of the present report, led by airpods: 51.990 billion yuan in consumer electronics.
Companies are expected to grow by 55%-60% in the first quarter of this year, and still perform well. Given the structure of the company’s products, companies are expected to experience a relatively small impact of the new crown epidemic this year.
(ii) Strategic deployments, with strong performance growth incentives, while firm corporate consumption of digitally sophisticated manufacturing poles, strategic layout communications and new and emerging areas such as cars. In consumer electronics, benefits from the bursting of the off-the-shelf market.
South plant capacity is released, the company's airpods output is expected to remain at a rate of more than 50%, and the increase in the share of airpodspro is expected to contribute to an increase in the overall Māori ratio; in 2020, the company is expected to enter the applewatch assembly and sip module to become a new growth point.
In the area of mail, companies continue to improve the competitiveness of their base-station antennas, filters, and interconnected products of data centres. In the area of automobiles, companies form lines.
The more complete zero-component product lines, such as beams, connectors, electronic modules, and the acquisition of bcs, which have global supply qualifications for major car manufacturers and are well on track with major electric car manufacturers, are expected to be a new bright spot. We expect the company to achieve around 30% over the next two years.
The business will enter the harvest period, and it is expected that performance will continue to perform well, maintaining a “recommended” rating. The epidemic has resulted in less than expected demand for consumer electronics; and less widespread new products.