The performance of the apparel company continued to grow, leading events: the company published its 2019 annual report, the company achieved revenue in 2019 ($62,516 million, +74.38 per cent), the parent company ' s net profit (4,714 million, +73.13 per cent), and the net profit from the deduction of the parent.
The net profit of the mother (4,436 billion yuan, +73.69 per cent). In the sub-sector, consumer electronics were collected in billions, +3.97 per cent. As a result of the heat on the tws headphones market in 2019, sales of airpods2 increased significantly and penetration rates gradually increased, the company, as Apple Chain Company, was the first major business consumer.
There has been a significant increase in the performance of commercial electronics. The company ' s Māori ratio (19.91%, 1.14 pcts) has declined slightly, as a result of the fact that part of the company ' s base station communications is in the pre-development design or volume climb stage, with larger inputs during the reporting period, affecting the product ' s normal Māori ratio.
In recent years, the share of R & D investment in companies has continued to rise, with total R & D investment over the last three years amounting to $8,433 million. The company's R & D team has continued to deepen into technology-front countries and regions and has built up advanced technologies in East China, Kunshan, Taiwan, and the United States.
In addition, in 2019, the company’s inventory (US$ 7,701 million, +62.64 per cent) increased significantly, with three of these quarterly stock increases, which we believe to be tws headphone sales, strong demand in the future.
The growth in corporate accounts receivable (13,244 million yuan, +18.98%) is significantly less than the growth in corporate revenues, indicating a better return this year, a combination of higher revenues and a net cash flow from corporate operations (7,466 million yuan, +137.60%) that increased significantly during the reporting period.
At present, the market for tws headphones is vast, and Apple's airboards are becoming more permeable, as the company's main supplier of Appleairpods, accompanied by increasing sales of airpods and company revenue.
At the same time, the company began to focus on the sip five years ago, and the team has grown to over 3,000 people to date, and the sip, which entered the watch assembly in 2019, is going well. In the future, the company, using automation to optimize its products, is expected to open up greater market space.
The company’s rapid growth in communications and motor vehicle performance was a new driving force for the company. In 2019, the communications business achieved operating income ($2.237 billion, +3.97 per cent). The business consisted mainly of base stations and data.
For base stations, part of the company’s base station communications product is in the advanced stages of development or volume climbing, with higher inputs during the reporting period, affecting the normal Māori rate of the product. However, the company’s business with major domestic and foreign clients is now well under way, with product lines including cpe, rru, etc.
In terms of data centre products, the light module product has now made a significant breakthrough, income has continued to grow. In terms of automobile operations, the company achieved operating income in 2019 ($2,361 million, +36.66%).
bcs has global supply qualifications for major car manufacturers, which offer better opportunities to develop sophisticated car operations. In addition, companies and major electric car manufacturers are doing well to lay the foundation for performance growth.
Bit product layout and more extensive exploration of automobiles, communications and industry in precision module products