In the evening of 20 April, the company published its annual report 2019 and achieved operating income in 2019.
62,516 million yuan, an increase of 74.38% over the same period, a net return of $4,714 million to the mother, and an increase in the same year. The expansion of business around core clients was the central driving force behind the company’s sustained growth. In 2019, the most significant increase was in revenue from consumer electronics business among the business portfolios of the different downstream divisions.
Over the past two years,a clients have been able to wear household accessories (especially tws products) with rapid growth: income from the business grew by 40.9 per cent in 2019, of which the total volume of tws products increased by more than 70 per cent on a year-on-year basis (according to strategyanalytics), which is precisely the case.
The main driving force behind the rapid growth of corporate consumer electronics operations is that the overall market for tws is still in the early stages of penetration, with great room for growth, a client being the global class of total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
One of the pioneers in the tws industry continues to lead in the innovation of products, and smartphone products 222,393/222,343 have a well-stocked customer base for tws products and are expected to be a continuous advance in the industry.
51.04/19.50 The top priority beneficiaries, according to Strategyanalytics, predict a fairly clear trend in 2020 for airpods suppliers to grow together with their clients.
The company, with its highly sophisticated manufacturing and management capabilities, has initially achieved the “manufacture-mass-smart” step line, which is the key to achieving new products and new needs in conjunction with its core clients. Over the past few years, in addition to twsodm, the company has supplied a customer with smartphones.
Parts and components are also expanding, and it is expected that smart watch odm orders will be taken over in the future, that companies will be more able to cope with individual markets and poor product growth factors, and that there will be no basis for sustained growth. During the reporting period, companies invested up to $4.367 billion in R & D, which accounts for the total revenue.
A 7% share, more than the vast majority of the country’s counterparts, is an important basis on which companies consolidate the technological preponderance and position of the industry. Communications/car electronics are expanding well, and new growth engines are beginning to emerge.
Income from interconnected products/precision components and communications interconnected products/precision components increased by 36.66 per cent and 3.97 per cent respectively, with communications operations, taking into account customer certification and safety requirements, and products such as server, storage system interconnections and high frequency lines not included, as a result
The real growth of the business is more than just the above data. Companies have become sophisticated and intelligent in the area of automobiles and communications, and multi-sector manufacturing leaders are now importing core brand customers, with the increase in car electron rates, and 5g.
Continued progress in building the base station, and the iphone switch that the automobile and communications business are expected to become the driving force behind the company's future growth, will be the most central driver of the company's future growth, and the sustained growth of the automobile and communications business is expected to contribute a significant elastic increase in performance, and the company is expected to contribute to the growth of the company.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report