The newtimesecurities have continued to grow, and the sophisticated production of the poles rises all over the world.
— A sophisticated year-on-year evaluation of the consumer electronic business outbreak, with a sustained high rate of growth in performance and maintenance of a “highly recommended” rating. 2019 report issued by the company: benefiting from the consumer electronic business outbreak, the company achieved revenue in 2019
The 62,516 million yuan, an increase of 74.38 per cent, and the net return to the mother is $4,714 million, an increase of 73.13 per cent, consistent with previous performance and consistent with market expectations. We believe that companies, as the country’s first sophisticated manufacturing platform companies, will benefit fully from smartphone innovation, iot equipment, 5g communications, and
We maintain the company's performance projections, and we expect the company to grow in consumer electronics, telecommunications, and overall efficiency to be optimized.
Sub-business collects $51.99 billion (+93.95 per cent), and looking ahead, tws headphones continue to grow in a wide range of tws, growing to 190 million, and companies growing securely as core suppliers; the incorporation of telecommunications operations has resulted in the benefit of a 5g outbreak and the expansion of corporate goods.
The business will grow in the coming years; in addition, the company ' s operational capacity will be further enhanced, financial data will continue to be excellent and forward-looking + efficient implementation will be recognized by the client and will continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years.
There is still much room for development and the future is still to be expected; in the change from 4g to 5g, the trend towards miniaturization is becoming more evident, and companies have made clear breakthroughs in their clients and products; Automobile electrons are moving towards intelligent driving, car networking, etc., and are the next trillion-class big market.
Companies have been in product and technical layout for many years. Faced with the trend of downstream industries, companies have become more integrated and forward-looking, from spare parts to modules to systems programmes, have completed the layout of systems and related core products, around which it is expected that all major major business operations in the future will continue to evolve at a high pace.
O1 Performance Directions meet expectations, do not fear the effects of the epidemic 2020-02-27.
Growth: 2019-10-21 " H1 Performance Over Expectations, Accurate Manufacturing Larges Sustained High Growth " 2019-08-20
Multi-Practical Prospective Layout, Precision to Grow and Grow, 2019-06-10