Up-to-date forecast of performance for the first quarter, wearing + communications escort performance increases Events: 28 April 2020, when a sophisticated report for the first quarter of 2020 was released, the company achieved a revenue of 16,513 million, an increase of 83.10 per cent compared to the previous period; and a net profit of 9.82 (002475.sz) was achieved
One quarter near-predicted ceiling with sustained high growth in the first half of the year: in the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved a revenue of 16,513 million, an increase of 83.10 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate of 15.93 per cent, a decrease of 2.97 ptt compared to the corresponding figure, a decline of 3.14 pt; the company ' s Māori rate fell mainly as a result of: early construction of new plant parks, team-building, and upfront inputs compared to the previous period; the company ' s incremental cost of implementing preventive measures increased during the epidemic; and the cost of material in the cost structure of some of the high-growth products increased.
The net profit of the mother was $982 million, an increase of 59.4 per cent from the same year, and the ceiling for the advance forecast. At the same time, the company estimated its performance at 1h20, with a projected net return to the mother in the first half of the year.
In July 2017, the airpods, for example, were imported into the airpods system, which currently maintains a very high market rate on the airpods, and we expect to have a share of more than 70% for the year. Although the outbreak affected the production of an inadequate production line during the quarter, the company has been effective in ensuring product delivery during the quarter.
Airpods combined more than 10 million shipments, compared to only about 5 million during the same period last year, contributing to a robust growth in corporate performance. In addition to consumer electronics, companies such as Wang Sakyu are quite competitive in communications, automobile electronics.
There was a breakthrough in the data centre's electrical connection and light connection. s1500519909003 class expansion + 5g empowerment, and company long-term growth logic is clear: the company pursues a strategy of “old customers, new products, old products, new customers, new markets” and continues to expand.
\triangleright has its own capability boundaries. In 2020, companies will import large clients' watch sets and sip operations, and in 2021 they will expand their new business on the mobile phone supply chain.
Moreover, we need to focus more on the cross-cutting growth opportunities that 5g brings to the company. We think 5g will upgrade the base stations, servers, and lot products.
The electrical connection at the server end and the light connection product will continue to be upgraded, while the iot product is constantly being introduced, winning the market’s preference for new functions in a new form.
>The corporate culture of teamwork and mission is the foundation of the company ' s success: the company values corporate culture and emphasizes its own sense of purpose, on the one hand, the team ' s collaboration and mission, and, on the other hand, ownership.
Based on the corporate culture of teamwork and mission imperatives, the company has created a flexible business system. Through sbu, the company can hatch new teams quickly in its original team, e.g. from the connector to voice learning, motors, antennas, etc.
Investment suggests that, while the epidemic affects mobile sales, mobile-related operations account for only 10-15% of the company’s revenue. We think that the airpods and communications operations can still provide a shield for companies’ performance growth this year, and that there is ample room for growth in the company’s business class in the long run.
Risk factors: excessive duration of the epidemic; low downstream demand; increased competition; Figure 1: Precision and profit performance; Figure 2: Precision profit ratio performance
Figure 3: Cost rates for the period of precision in communications, figure 4: Precision research and development costs (millions of dollars) Figure 5: Precision collection and business cash flow inflows (billions)
Figure 6: Precision net profits and operating net cash flows (billions) Figure 7: Precision inventory (billions) Figure 8: Precision accounts receivable (billions)
Fang Jing, a leading student at the Xian University of Electronics and Technology, has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, and has foreign experience in the field of semiconductors and consumer electronics, including Texas instruments, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also known in the country as the semiconductor business that hatched in 19; the Crystal Ball 2/3 in 18/19; and the Golden Bull Award 3/2 in 18/19 in the electronics sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.