The rate of growth of otc has increased significantly and the cost of prescription costs has been reduced by 15 March 2018
Juddji achieved a net return of $343 million to the mother, an increase of 427 per cent over the same period, and met expectations.
The company’s performance is only 8.67 per cent below expectations. Among these, the company’s income grew at a rate of 1 in the fourth quarter of 2017, while consumption rose in the otc sector, with the company’s branding dominance and rapid growth in the otc sector.
In recent years, the otc industry has been facing an opportunity to upgrade consumption, driven by the rapid growth of our economy. Companies have taken advantage of brand advantage, variety advantage, channel advantage, and a large upward trend in consumption.
1) Otc, otx, Great Health, three lines of operation, based on a strategy for self-diagnostic operations, the company plans to continue to consolidate the otc business advantages, build a professional otx brand, create a healthy dietary nutritional supplement, and achieve from otc to otc
In the area of professional otx brands, the company will arrange specialized medications in the areas of paediatrics, osteoporology, gynaecology, hepatitis, where they exist, forming a system for the supply of products from hospitals and pharmacies around consumer diseases.
In the case of large health supplements, the company has launched a series of products such as vitamins and minerals, under the name 999 Vitos. Health care products are currently on the market, including vitamin c chewers, b vitamin tablets, iron zinc calcium chewing chips, cow first milk poppers, multivitamin mineral chips, and so on.
Products, which initially form the product line of the big health business under the “999” brand. 2) Cooperation with Sanofy is beginning to bear fruit. In 2017, the company launched a strategic partnership with Sanofy to sell liver protection products on the Chinese market.
After a year of co-development, the “easy recovery” single product achieved slightly more than expected sales throughout the year, and branded products such as paediatric “good dolls” and gynaecology “communities” achieved the desired market opening and marketing performance.
Under variety and brand, in conjunction with the marketing network of 39, the company ' s work with Sénofey in 2018 is expected to enter an accelerated marketing period that will make a greater contribution to the company ' s performance.2 Prescription drugs respond to industry changes, with rapid growth in sales revenue and a sharp rise in the cost of sales.
In terms of prescriptions, the company's prescriptions grew rapidly in sales changes due to factors such as the bidding policy, the Chinese injection industry policy, and the “two-vote” drug distribution policy. In 2017, the company's sales revenue from prescription drugs amounted to $5.174 billion, an increase of 36.3 per cent over the same period.
75.9%, an increase of 3.26 percentage points over the same period. Although the company is growing faster at the income end, the Māori rate also leads to self-diagnostics and prescription drugs.
3. The Māori rate increased slightly, but the cost of sales increased significantly, leading to a slight decline in net interest rates. Some increases, but net interest rate levels declined. Net interest rates declined mainly because of the high cost of sales.
Figure 3: Changes in company sales and management costs (millions of yuan) industry, one of the leading industries, has clearly benefited from industrial integration and is expected to further strengthen its advantage in the areas covered, including colds, skins, gastrointestines, children, coughs, etc.
The company further enriches the company’s products through the M&A industry, and together with such products as Chinese medicine formulations, granules, oral preparations, and antibiotics, they create a combined dynamic for the growth of the company’s performance. As a result, we maintain a lower-than-expected promotion and marketing of the company’s Otc end market; and a lower-than-expected spread of prescription drugs.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board