The performance of the medical biology is growing steadily, looking at the long-term development of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
In 2017, the company earned about $11.12 billion in operating income, $1.12 billion in net profits, $1.12 billion in profits, and about 23.8 per cent in the same year. The higher rate of income growth was due to a combination of factors and a sales adjustment. On the split, the operating income of the self-diagnosis business was $5.43 billion, an increase of 15.8 per cent, with a cold.
The increase in income has been accelerated by a good growth in the class of products and a faster growth in the focus on paediatrics, while the rest, such as skin and stomach drugs, have been transformed into prescription drugs, increased self-employment and terminal sinking. If the balance sheet is removed and the effects of the adjustment of prescription drugs are partially affected, we estimate that the company will be able to do so throughout 2017.
The income of 2017q4 is about $3.64 billion, an increase of about 29 per cent over the same period, and the impact of the one-quarter acceleration on the distribution adjustment of prescription drugs and the combination of factors remains more evident. We anticipate that the transformation of prescription drugs operations will have a significant increase in marketing costs, which is about 44.8 per cent higher than the increase in income;
2. The company ' s Māori ratio is about 60%, excluding the effects of sales adjustments, due to a downward trend in the overall income structure. In a single quarter, the net profit of 2017q4 was about $220 million, compared to the growth of the brand otc, which is seen as a long-term development. 1) The product line of otc is rich, with 999 brands occupying multiple positions.
The Chinese medicine is at the top of the list, and the company’s products are widely distributed throughout the country. With the liberalization of the price of the otc, the price of the drugs is expected to increase strongly in the core products of the thirties, cold spirits, and strong disclosure, the level of profitability is expected to continue to rise: 2) and work with the international giants to strengthen the otc field and consolidate the dragons.
The company signed the Framework Agreement on Cooperation in Consumer Health Care Operations in China with Sanofi, which has contributed to the joint opening of a healthy consumer goods market in China, not only enriching the company’s product lines, but also helping the company learn and replicate the success stories of the foreign giants: 3) The Chinese medicine platform for Chinese prescriptions under China’s banner, with a strong internal extension.
The company has a rich product of prescription drug plates, and the proportion of subsequent injection types to Chinese prescriptions continues to grow. The ratio of subsequent injection types to Chinese prescriptions is expected to fall to less than 50%.
Interest rates and sales rates change 17 times, 15 times, and 13 times, respectively. We believe that the public sector has the advantage of brand value, variety, and variety of channels.
China Yun Sanix (000999). The brand otc leader, Novo, has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for his specific recommendation or opinion in this report, and Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.