Added content and research and development into the development of new dynamic energy - a study on the dynamics of Mango Supermoment (300413.sz) on the continuous addition of kernels to members and advertising.
The company, as a convenor of the media, continued to be innovative, content-based, and in 2024, as well as in 2024, Mango's strategic studio for the New Mangang Project, was the producer of the country's head-mixing film.
Building on the advantages of content self-contained, building a new eco-closing environment around the entire industry chain of the media up and down the Internet, with complementarities in the new mango media, which includes, among other things, artistic discipline, as well as mixed art, film, children's mobile production; and middle- and middle-swap strong interiors.
A matrix of home-made capabilities and high-quality content products, operating content through multiple channels on Internet video platforms; downstream of the mango system content p, operating the derivatives of view entertainment, parent-child gardens, concerts, etc.
In 2024, the cost of the company ' s new interactive media content production and copyright was $810 million, compared with +17 per cent, the cost of Mangotv ' s Internet video business was $6,285.5 million, compared with 8.46 per cent, and the company ' s revenue was the same as the net return profit in the first quarter of 2025.
Shrunk, net profit from the fall of the same year was higher than the main cause of the fall, with Mangotv's television drama spending increasing by 12 per cent over the same year, while R & D costs increased by 26.87 per cent over the same year, actively promoting the integration of culture and technology and increasing the use of cutting-edge technologies
Increased efficiency in international communication 1. Mango Supermomentation (300413), 2024
In 2024, Mangotv's international app received 141 million yuan in revenues, cumulative downloads. The media's leading role in the new development of culture and technology rose from 130 million in late 2023 to 261 million in late 2024.
Specialized companies have been set up to operate international apps for the implementation of the Mango Three-Year Out of the Sea, and Mango Supermixes (300413), which are based on a big model, smart production, blocks, etc.
Re-ignition and growth of advertising to look at new technological fundamentals such as the chain, building more intelligent, diversified, full-chain interaction, how to empower cultural development 2024-08-22.
Platform, “Three Years Three Lines 3, Mango Supermix (300413): 2023”, active users of Mangotv International App Day, continuously exploring China's story and the global expression of China's voice through outreach
The Mango tv international edition was launched in 2024 with 6.653 million members. 2024-04-22 Overseas markets seek more business growth.
To see how ai is empowered, the company set up a large model laboratory, the Mountain Sea Institute, a self-researched Mango Large Model, which builds the "aigc+mix reality+virtual+digital asset bank"
“Mango production” produces new models to increase the proportion of new technologies in content innovation and explores new technologies to generate new cultural practices; reserves are equipped with an interactive platform for “mango” games, a Mango microscopic strategy project, based on Chinese traditions of excellence.
In addition, with the continued heat of the small red books, it is possible to follow up on the development of the small mangs, whose annual gmv is 161 yuan in 2024, and whose composite growth of 125% in 4 years, the young mangs have actively introduced investors.
Speeding up a2-round financing, planning b-round financing, building ip derivatives 24.1 to 19.5 times the size of the normal supply of content as a blending of the media head, plus ai empowerment and working together on a twitching microscopic play, are all expected to push the main industry back on track.
On a step-by-step basis, the company is at a stage of performance-driven new and old dynamic energy conversion, and members' business is gradually replacing traditional business, such as advertising, to become a new engine for performance growth, a short-term look at content products rekindling market heat and sustaining a steady growth of their member's business.
At the same time, the policy of corporate income tax fell to the ground, from 2025 to 2027, and the exemption from corporate income tax would have a positive effect on the net profits of the company's shareholders in the listed company, thereby maintaining the “buy-in” investment.
The new business explores less than expected risks, the subsequent Golden Eagle cartoons perform less than expected risks, the lack of censorship of film and video productions, the potential wind from the artist's own factors, the risk of offline programming, the risk of brain drain, the new technology response.
The new consumer group of the media introduced the following: Bachelor of Science, Master of Finance, with experience in business, November 2021, with a merger of Chinese securities.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.