• Investment rating: Increase (maintenance) The decline in net profits is due mainly to changes in corporate income tax preferences.
The contraction was mainly due to the decline in income from traditional television shopping lines and the fact that companies increased their investment in head-vision, drama content, ecological layout and technology applications, resulting in a decline in net profits on a year-on-year basis.
• Stabilizing the market leading by creating “long, medium, and short” components
Five seats were shown on Top10 for Mango Magnolia, and four seats for Singer 2024 for the Fourth Season of Love.
Hello, Saturday, 2024, Chinese Restaurant, 8th quarter, and Full-Acceleration War Season.
Currently, the company has a stock of over 100 video shows, with Mangotv and Hunan Watch channels, and the popular series is expected to be launched.
• The number of members and income innovations are high, quality content is continuously available, and according to qm data, Mangotv’s tv in December was 277 million, with four large viewers.
The third largest number of members, with a membership of 73.31 million, members earn $5.148 billion (yoy+19.3%) in innovation. The double increase in membership and income is driven mainly by the quality and quantity of popular philosophies and dramas, such as Singer 2024, Lovers 4 and Smaller.
Through the continuous supply of high-quality content, the company has made its contribution to the event.
The Mongo Supermix 24q3 evaluation: Explicit blending, membership conversion, aigc catalytic content production, and the large model laboratories of the company, the Mountain Sea Institute and the Mango Large Model, successfully passed through the centre.
2. Mango super-media 24h1 rating: income tax affects net production, operation, dissemination and commercialization.
In addition, the company has stored its head, its mango platform, its Mango interactive platform, and its Mango mini-drama strategy.
Internet companies, financial and industrial combinations, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives for seller research. Crystal ball number three in 2015 and new year 2017.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.