The Mango Supermix (300413) report, which continues to break through, with an approximate short-term profit overhang, is the annual report of 2024 and the one-quarter review of 2025.
Twenty-four years of income and net profit after deductions have remained stable, with a contraction in traditional television purchases of 25q1
Recovering deferred income tax assets reduced by $420 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, resulting in a larger change in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies. q1 achieved business gains in 25 years.
According to the content of the play, the ecological layout and the application of technology, the tv TV shows were invested in a high growth of Mango tv members, advertising was on the verge of recovery, and the small Man Power vendor, gmv, had a high level of innovation, and the company Mango tv, in 2024, earned 10,179 million dollars in operating income from its Internet video business.
Dollars, equal to -4.10 per cent, of which members earned $5,148 million, or +19.3 per cent, in the form of "Study in the securities industry - Media Weekly Report: March Games " Billion dollars, equal to -2.7 per cent, relatively weak, brand advertising lags behind; and the operator ' s business is 24 years old.
Deployment of efforts to implement the governance of the television industry, optimization of television programmes such as Billing Packages, single-point payments, etc.
+9.77%. In 2024, content electricians achieved an income of 2.600 billion yuan, compared to 7.87%, of which a1 round of financing was completed by the power provider, with an annual gmv re-innovation of up to $16.1 billion and four years of complex growth.
The frequency platform is operating at its core and is synergizing up and down. We expect company pss to perform less than expected in 25-27 years, new business development less than expected, and the wind of continued weakness in advertising, with Hong Kong market benchmark being the Hennessing Index, the United States market benchmark being the Pure 500 Index or the NASDAQ Index, and the new three-board benchmark index being the three-line index (for the protocol transfer).
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.