Increased quality of medium- and long-term operations, improved industrial order and competitive patterns.
Zhang Xiaowei Li Wenhua Zhang Xiaowei
The adjustment does not concern the market price of the company’s products. More importantly, the industry’s price order and pattern are about to improve; (3) the impact of low prices on medium- and long-term operations is greater than short-term performance and growth in quality.
And speed is expected to improve simultaneously; 4) investment proposals: keep keeping track of the company's ability to move through the cycle and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The previous company announced that the price increases had been made mainly in the form of a fly-by, five-star, distribution channels that now include, inter alia, distributor channels, Mautai Group Marketing, and the provincial capital platform in Guizhou, are expected to be around 20,000 tons. Given the uncertainty of the coverage of the price increases, we are looking at about 20,000 tons.
In the past, Maotai in Guizhou achieved income growth targets through product volumes such as Matai 1935, Enterprise Purchases, Non-Molotries, etc., and competitive patterns and prices in the industry.
This time, the price increases eased the firm’s medium- and long-term performance growth pressure, and they are expected to slow down or slow down in 2024, and the supply side of the kyats is expected to improve, as are the five grain fluids and the silos of the state. Moreover, the price increases have a strong demonstration effect, and the ensuing increases do not preclude other alcohol companies from raising their prices, and for other wine companies, they are expected to return in 2023, 2024, 2023, 2023, 2024.
Contract signing and batch support are having a positive impact. Price increases in the medium and long term have a greater impact than short-term performance, and the quality and speed of growth are expected to improve simultaneously.
Taken together, this low-price increase has a strong positive impact on firms’ short-term performance growth and medium- and long-term operations. The investment proposal is to maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies’ ability to move through cycles on a continuous basis.
Figure 1: Kotai single-quarter operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Kotai single-quarter net profit and rate of increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Kotai single-quarter Māori sales rate (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Kotai, Guizhou, single-quarterly net interest rate (in billions of yuan, per cent). Kotai, Guizhou, double sales, non-barrel sales and direct sales expansion will continue to be a source of growth - 2023-03-31 Maotai, Guizhou, channel analysis of growth: A review of the history of channel change and prospects for the development of direct future sales - 2022-12-28
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject