After six years of flying, the price is raised to show the power of the dragon, and the average price of the company's 53% v-1 Koto (Flying Sky, Five Stars) has been raised since the start of the review.
The price increases are in line with expectations and show the firm’s confidence in its operations. After this price increases, the Flying Skill prices show up from 969 shares at a relative depth of 300 indexes.
The price increases ranged from about 18% to $969. At the same time, nearly six years later, the price increases for the core large single products were raised again, and the price increases were at the center of history, largely in line with market expectations.
This price increase not only directly boosts the company’s revenue and profits, but also gives us confidence in the company’s own business.
In general, the recovery in consumption, the high-end rise in white wine, and the tight supply and demand patterns of the mahogany, combined with four quarters of white wine, have been able to boost industry confidence. This price increase has a certain market base and is consistent with the recovery in consumption and market patterns.
The top and white plate valuations are at a low level, and the top of the white wine industry has grown steadily this time, with the best channels continuing to work, leading to price increases that boost confidence in the industry and lead to a long-term positive growth of the white plate.
2023H1 performance is higher than expected, and year-round performance is expected to accelerate.
The industry’s price ceiling, which allows for a larger price increase for other high-end white wines (e.g., five grain fluids, Xinzhou cellars), sub-high-end white wines (e.g., Quigon, Quino industry, etc.) is conducive to the expansion of the white wine plate.
Rivers are a powerful support for firm growth certainty, with 23 years of firm growth guided by a target of about 15 per cent for the same year, and we judge the company to be able to exceed its target. We maintain previous profit projections, risk factors: macroeconomic downside risks, outright sales less than expected, and policy risks.
Lee Jong-hoon.