Once again, it's specialized to boost the confidence of the market.
Zhang Xing Wei, Lee Wenhua, don't split the purpose: first, the need for a company to be sustainable, stable and healthy; and second, to ensure that the company's normal operation and long-term development are not affected.
On the premise that there is a greater cash share, which boosts market confidence, there is a positive return on shareholders, sharing the dividends of the company’s development with shareholders, and increasing the sense of access to the vast majority of the stockholders. The country’s belief in food and drink: 1) the second special cash share of the hut tower, with an increase in the red rate, is expected to raise the valuation level; 2) the significance of the special cash share.
Conversely, the company maintains a course of market-oriented reform; (3) confidence in the market at the bottom of the industry cycle, and the long-term allocation of white wine has been highlighted; (4) high level of business in Guitai, with a focus on filling the short market board and improving its resilience to risk; (5) investment proposals: keeping in mind the firm's steady and sustained ability to operate; second special cash split in the bottom of the industry cycle, with an increase in the red rate expected to raise the valuation level
Following the first special cash bonus in November 2022, the company launched a special cash bonus programme on 20 November 2023 (the twenty-fourth anniversary of the establishment of the stock company), reflecting management concerns about shareholders’ rights, and the company’s medium- and long-term dividends are expected to continue to rise. According to the ddm model, an increase in the premium/equity ratio in the State’s low-end rate is expected to increase the valuation hub and attract more long-line funding.
The significance of the special cash distribution signal is underscored by the fact that the company insists on the direction of market-based reform, and we think that the price increases in early November, this special cash bonus or significant signal are: 1) future market-based reforms or more; 2) future steady-state red ratios or space for further improvement; 3) sufficient motivation and implementation of the current leadership team. In the future, I
In November 2022, the company's first special bonus, which was one of the signals of the white plate being hit on the bottom. One month after the last special cash bonus announcement, the company's first special bonus was released to the market.
At this point, the market has fully reflected its 2024 growth expectations, which are expected to boost market confidence and highlight the long-term investment value of the White House. The State has a high level of business, a focus on short-loading markets, and increasing its resilience to risk.
The company has built up an active old liquor market in the Maotai Museum, embarked on a market-based reform of its human resources and remuneration system, came to power on October 16th, introduced a new system of protection against forgery, etc., and has stabilized the price plate by strictly controlling the volume of shipments, increasing the share of group purchases, and regulating the speed of deliveries to ensure stability. Currently, the sales of whiteboards are largely reflected in the dynamism of business consumption, the short-term market has become overly pessimistic about the economy and white wine, and the supply of white wine is long-term.
The logic of constraints remains unchanged, and valuations switch to more value-for-money. Investment proposals suggest: maintaining a firm’s steady and sustained business capacity, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, demand recovery less than expected; increasing competition; and reforms less than expected.
Figure 1: Kotai single-quarter operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Kotai single-quarter net profit and rate of increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Kotai single-quarter Māori sales rate (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Subduer ' s single-quarter sales net interest rate (in billions of yuan, per cent) The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality and the conclusion is not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future