On the evening of October 31, 2023, a major price increase was announced by the Kuotai incident evaluation report.
The price increases are over-expected, and they boost the confidence of the board, and the average price increase is about 20%. The adjustment is not about the market price of our product.
Once again, the price of the flying sky factory rose from $969/bottle to $1163/bottle to boost the confidence of the white wine plate and even of the consumer plate.
At this price increase, we think it's good to release three major advantages: 1) flying skyscraper again, 1935 non-marked product rhythm space is more regulated, laying a solid foundation for the company to complete 14; 2) flying skyscrapers raise prices for other liquor companies and sub-high liquor companies.
Open up the price ceiling and, to a certain extent, ease competition; 3) The company acts as the backbone of Guizhou, raising the price for tax and social responsibility and promoting local economic development. This is being done through direct sales and i-pow platforms.
Quantified, the company’s rhythm has made it easier to control the 1455 goal. Downward macroeconomic risks, output expansion less than expected, direct growth less than expected, 3, Guizhou Mautai (600519), performance instruments
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, and the following:
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the Qin securities, the New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential.
Liaogwan State: Master of Arts, Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa.3 years of study in the food and beverages industry, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.