Company Review ii. Kodai, Guizhou (600519) - 3rd Quarterly Report, 2023
Liu Lei-jin q3 ' s income slowdown should be due mainly to the rhythm adjustment: Mao-q3 ' s income growth was slightly slower than in the first half of the year, and the liabilities showed a similar decline for two consecutive quarters, showing some signs of weak growth.
The speed of delivery has accelerated over the past six months, so the speed of the o3 increase has slowed; the profits of the conduits have remained high, so there is no problem with the downside thrust; and as to whether there has been any slowdown in consumer growth, we believe that one step still needs to be taken to observe that the q3 series of alcohol harvests are normal in the past.
The q1-q3 and +24.4 per cent are slowing down. The company is expected to continue its control rhythm due to the still falling price of q3 huts 1935, and last year ' s q3 series has a higher revenue base. The new q3 product was marketed at the end of September, and is expected to boost the revenue of the series in the future.
q3 wholesale channel revenue was $18.7 billion, compared to +1.5 per cent, and q1-q3 wholesale revenue was equal to +2.9 per cent, while traditional channel sales remained stable. q3 direct distribution channel revenue was $14.8 billion, compared to +35.3 per cent, and q1-q3 direct sales revenue was equal to +44.9 per cent, of which i hut station q3 earned $5.53 billion, compared to +36.8 per cent, with the same chain volume.
A small increase in profitability: q3 net interest rate of 49.2 per cent for the same year +1.1 pct, of which q3 is the same as the rate of management costs Investment proposal: corporate q3 registered a slower rate of growth than in the first half of the year, we believe that more did not change significantly from the long drivers of the first and second half of the year, and stock prices have reflected q3 increases below expectations, maintaining recommended ratings.
Table 1: Predictions of key financial indicators
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Liu Li-Jen, Master of Finance, Shanghai Transport University, seven years of experience in securities research in the food, beverages and other consumer goods industry, with a focus on drinking plates and some non-drinking labels.