Once again, a special bonus for development is in place \triangleright \
In the course of the year, special dividends are paid to shareholders on the basis of the total stock of the company on the date of the distribution of equity rights. Once again, special dividends are given, cumulatively, more than $56.550 billion this year. This is a follow-up to 2022 \triangleright.
For the second year in a row, Maotai, Guizhou, introduced a special bonus for the first time. Prior to this year, Maotai, Guizhou, allocated $32.549 billion, and this special bonus, you will receive 56.550 billion yuan in the current year, representing 90.17 per cent of the company ' s net profit from maternity in 2022.
In 2022 and 2023 alone, the sum of $11,301 million (including the amount of the proposed red gold) in Guozhou has accounted for 47.84% of the total amount of the red since it was listed. One of the objectives of this special share is to hold the company.
The need for continuity, stability and healthy development; second, before ensuring that the company's normal operation and long-term development are not affected by it, Zhang Lingyu will raise the cash share and boost market confidence; third, positive returns to shareholders and share the company with shareholders
Strong performance growth supported stable dividends, with companies accounting for more than 50% of their nine-year-old share. For the first time, in the third quarter of 2023, Kotao, Guizhou, which achieved a business income breakthrough of 100 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase, reached $103,268 million.
High-level performance growth has provided a strong support for the stability of Maotai in Guizhou. Every year since his listing, Guotai has made a cash mark, and in recent years, you have had a relatively stable share of net profits.
The cumulative cash share of the State has passed $20.86 billion, accounting for about 56 per cent of the net profit since the market, plus 2023/08/03.
• Investment proposals: companies continue to integrate social channels, self-employment, electricity channels under the “fives” marketing law
For the year 2022, you're a major shareholder in Guizhou (600519.sh), building a “one board” channel pattern, adding a number of self-employed channels, such as the “i-pot” with a continuous increase in the share of direct sales. With the accelerated optimization of the channels, the continuous upgrading of the liquor series, the firm's performance has shown a high degree of certainty.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.