You've got plenty of food, and you've got a price increase, and you've made a big announcement, and you've been up 53% of the company since November 1, 2023.
The price of the wine (Flying Day, Five Stars) has increased by an average of about 20%, and the adjustment does not involve the corporate dollar, so the 20% increase will not affect the dealer’s motivation. As the price increases fall, based on Pou’s sales ratio, we'll see a net profit increase in 2024.
Selecting this point to raise prices will boost market confidence and avoid overheating the end price. (1) White wine, ten years of gold (2003-2012) combined, has raised the price six times, but in the new climate cycle starting in 2016, the price of the pottery was raised only once at the end of 2017, with an 18% increase.
Price differentials continue to run high, and we judge that the company is mainly concerned about pressure on public opinion. (2) Although the wine is not relevant to the general public's daily life, since the wine is the absolute leader of consumer goods, the company must try to avoid the price of the table being on the same upwards as that of inflation at this stage.
Also, the current recovery in the demand for white wine business has been slow, and high-end wine has been hit by a fixed price of around $2750, a small drop in the ring from 2q23 to 3q22. At this point, prices are proposed to boost market confidence, stabilize Pumpau prices, and so on.
Overheating the end price will not lead to a collective rise in the industry. Reducing growth pressures and contributing to the long-term positive development of new channels and new products.
At the end of the day, the company's share of direct sales was up to 44.1%, and in the last three quarters, the i-pow-pow-pow-pow movement was reduced. Over the past two years, the company has released more of the pow-pow products and 1935 copies of the company's channels and price system from which it can combble the non-pliers and 1935, thus driving the product to a higher level.