The goal, the firm confidence, the double-digit growth continues, the year-round goal is set. 23q3, the company has achieved a gross operating income of $34.329 billion, and is expected to contribute one-two percent of the proceeds of the series of liquor, while the rest of the product is on its way.
The price of the mats fluctuated slightly, but the relationship between the tight balance between supply and demand in the market did not change, the return of consumer attributes became more apparent, the circulation properties remained strong, and there was no need to worry about it.
\triangleright up, reflecting the important contribution of i-pows in the transformation of channel marketing. Along with the tilt towards direct sales, we believe that the poo-pows are more effective in keeping market prices stable in the face of fluctuations in demand.
The magnitude of the tremors, the confidence to stabilize the channel, and better match real opener demand, the return to consumerism, and the contribution to higher profits. There has been a steady rise in profitability, and brand marketing continues to increase its influence.
Guizhou Maowtai (600519): Elephant again +0.10 pct to 91.52%, both of which are rising in proportion to the number of non-stamps and growing faster than the series.
Liquor contribution; turnover tax rate - 0.57 pct to 16.11 per cent; sales cost rate - +0.75 per cent to 3.79 per cent. In addition to the continued landing of collective consumer activity, companies continue through product combinations.
Expanding brand influence, once again lowering the threshold for young consumers, on the one hand, and speed, with structural improvements greater than simple price increases, on the other hand, by maintaining effective exposure to creative topics; ratio of management costs to -0.90 pct to 5.65 per cent; and financial costs, on the other hand
The same ratio - 0.23 pct to 1.37%. Based on the maintenance of a lower overall rate, the level of corporate profitability. Profit forecasting and investment rating: recent market fluctuations reflect a weak confidence and stable performance \triangleright
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; technology transformation projects are not as advanced as expected
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing City, where members of the food and beverages team are trained mainly by senior industrialists and top-level schools, Lu Qingfeng, Master of Finance, graduate from the Central University of Finance and Finance, three years of food and beverage research experience, and two years of bond research experience.
Coverage of pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, stubble foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeast mothers, familiarization with seafood industry, millet industry, smelting vegetables, venomous foods, Qinghai International), Que Li, Master of Financial Science, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics of Xiamen University, three years of food and beverage research experience.
In-depth study of the trade in snack foods and chain foods (in-depth study of taste-free foods, perchanced ducks, brilliant, well-tied foods, saline shops, gwan-su foods, gin-su foods, etc.) and in-depth study of the trade in snacks, Jo Dan-ming, Master of Economics, Graduated from the Xiamen University School of Economics, three years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor (in-depth study of Guo Dai, 5 grain fluids, Jinzhou cellar, Shanxi wine, tea industry, alcoholic wine, water wells, ocean river shares, present-day fate, sauce plate blocks), Zhao Lei, Master of Food Scientific Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States of America, followed by two years of milk.
Capt. Saputo is engaged in research and development, with two years of experience in food and beverage research.
For 13 years, the industry has done first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Tang Jing, B.A., 15 years of experience in the fast-discharge industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has an idea of high-end white wine. He's good at promoting the future of alcohol based on available data and market moves.
With three years of experience in strategic investment in head housing companies, they are good at exploring upstream and downstream development opportunities from an industry perspective. 2021 plus
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consulting.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.