On 1 November 2023, the company issued a notice of major matters, which, on the basis of a firm's research decision, increased the company's price of 53 per cent of the company's volvoyguy (Flying Days, Five Stars) at the factory price 8 times in 20 years, the price of which rose to approximately $1169 per bottle.
According to data from \triangleright station time and space, the rotation price has been adjusted from $819 per bottle to $969 per bottle for the 8th change since the tabloid market in 2001.
Upgrades calculated that 53% of Vol Gui State ' s Maw (Flying Sky, Five Stars) prices were raised by about $200 per bottle, and the price of this adjustment is about $1169 per bottle.
In the medium and long term, we expect to further strengthen the branding of white wine. In the context of the price increases, the company is expected to raise the price of Lingyu Zhang.
A further adjustment of the batch price is made to the volume price. At the same time, S-10052209002 for flying and five-star products is expected to lead further to a rise in non-flood prices, with sufficient momentum for growth in the company’s medium- and long-term performance.
The price increases are in line with market rules and boost the confidence of the white wine industry. As economic policies continue to fall and consumption \triangleright and domestic society recovers, the market demand in the huts remains strong, combining the limited capacity of the huts.
1. The three-quarter reporting pattern in Guizhou (600519.sh) in 2023, as well as the four-quarter preparation for the seasons and spring seasons of white wine consumption, provide a market basis for the price increases, which are consistent with current supply and demand, and are also a means of taking ownership of the market and enhancing the efficiency of the business.
As a high-end white-guy lead business, the market-up-priced policy of the Maotai led to an upturn in the overall valuation hub, while also commenting that the direct-opinion ratio continued to rise, and that the Mao-Buy 23q2 ring Piti opened up the ceiling for the development of high-end, sub-high-end products in the industry and boosted the confidence of the white-guy industry.
Quick 2023/08/03 Investment proposal: accelerated optimization of channels, up-to-date flying prices, continuous upgrading of the wine series structure, corporate industry \triangleright
In the first half of 2023, you showed a high degree of certainty in performance and a high level of dynamic energy. We expect the company to return its net profit to its mother in 2023-2025.
2023/07/16 Research findings based on methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.