Guozhou Mao Dai (600519.sz)
During the first three quarters of the company announcement, a cumulative gross operating income of $10.532 billion was achieved, an increase of 17.3 per cent over the previous three quarters, and it was recorded that, despite the unfavourable industry environment, the company had achieved robust growth in its performance during the previous three quarters, showing strong operational resilience.
(b) On the cost side, the cost rate fell by 0.41 pcts to 8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and we believe that the main benefit was the increased efficiency of operations, which offsets the increase in marketing promotion costs, and the efficiency gains of marketing reform, which resulted in management costs.
In addition, the increase in interest income resulted in a decrease in financial costs of 0.23 pcts on a year-on-year basis; the increase in sales costs, we believe, was mainly due to the increase in marketing activities such as bar-line testing this year, resulting in an increase in sales costs of 0.76 pcts on a year-on-year basis.
Recalling that in the third quarter, the Maotai 1935 was upgraded to enhance its anti-false and bottle-opening experience and its institutional investor-to-transita share ratio Cultural values; and that the iMagau operation became more mature and generated $5.53 billion in three quarters of alcohol-free revenue,
This represents an increase of 36.7 per cent (1.87 billion in the previous three quarters), or approximately 37.4 per cent in direct sales (32.2 per cent in the first three quarters); in addition, the company has achieved a circle of circulation of the cards through cross-border association with Raysing and Dev, which has raised the awareness of the huts among young consumers.
According to 4q, the price of the poo wine fell after Mid-Autumn and National Days, but the price was strong and the original box price was $2950/bottle, and the bulk price was around $2680/bottle; the company had more than doubled its contractual liability at the end of the three-quarters, and the company was operating reasonably, and the current valuation was reasonable and recommended “buy-in”.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is issued or printed for any purpose.