The third quarter has seen steady growth, a steady price stability that is long-standing, food beverages and white wines.
The gross operating income of the 20203 company was $34.329 billion, compared to +13.14 per cent, and the realization of operating income was the result of lower interest on joint lending. The net return profit of the 2023q3 company was $16.896 billion, compared to +14.6 per cent/+11.7 per cent in the same year for the Mautai/Save of Liquor, with a slightly slower increase in the series being the main base effect,
More specifically, the single q3 direct sales channel collects 0.1 pct with tax revenue increase of 0.1 pct with net interest increase of 0.8 pct with the single q3 increase.
The net interest rate of single q3 is equal to +0.8 ptt, which is mainly a quarterly disturbance of the cost of the period and the consumption tax.
The balance of the final contract liability is $11.395 billion, corresponding to 3.7% of the year, and the ring to +4.6 billion, mainly based on a firm’s strategic positioning and moderate control of the rate of repayment, without undue concern about the ability to pay back. From a payback ratio, single q3 received +21% of the year, faster than income and higher quality of operations.
+108%, mainly due to a reduction in the net increase in bank deposits and co-ops in current financial companies. " Kotau, Guizhou (600519.sh) - 2nd quarter: steady growth in performance, steady expansion of direct sales.
The main increase in the contribution of Kotau (600519.sh)-i-Matau has been the increase in direct sales.
Long-term exploration of consumer, quantitative balance, channel depth, quality expression, etc.
Investment proposal: maintain the previous profit forecast, we expect to achieve revenue collection in 2023-2025 by +14.04%, with the difference in interest income from financial operations slowing down, resulting from lower interest on joint lending. 20233 companies achieved a net return profit of $16.896 billion, or +15.68%.
Revenues grew steadily in the three quarters alone, with companies smoothing their shipments at a steady pace. At the income side, it was caused by the single q3 of wine, and by a series of alcohol control rhythms. Specifically, wholesale agents (mainly flying the roof) received 56 per cent of the revenues, compared to 1.52 per cent in the second quarter, and the rings fell faster than in the first half of the year, mainly because they were flying the sky.
Six months ago, the company experienced a relative slowdown in its pace, taking into account the quality of growth. The single q3 direct sales channel received 44.1%, the same single q3 overall Māori rate increased by 0.1 pct, and the net interest rate increased by 0.8 pc on the same basis.
The net interest rate of single q3 is equal to +0.8 pct, mainly the quarterly cost of the period and consumer tax disturbance, the ability of the company to pay back is unquestionable, and the company has slightly adjusted the pace of delivery during the season. In terms of contractual liabilities, the balance of the company’s contractual liability at the end of the three quarters is $11.395 billion, or 3.7%, and the ring is +4.06 billion, mainly guaranteed by the company.
A strategic fix, with moderate control over the pace of repayments, does not have to worry too much about the ability to pay back. From a payback ratio, single q3 received +21% of the year, faster than income growth and higher quality of operations. Net operating cash flows + 108%, mainly as a result of net increases in bank deposits and co-ops in current financial firms.
Short-term corporate growth toolkits are adequate, and long-term performance growth is strong. In the short term, non-marked volumes, such as mastery, direct-camp ratios continue to rise, and full-price increases, expressed in the figure of 1935, continue to ensure that companies are able to achieve double-digit growth in 2024 and above without mention of prices. In the long run, Mao is a crisis-aware enterprise.
Long-term exploration of consumer contact, quantum balance, channel depth, and quality expression. Growth quality is as important as growth for the huts.
Investment proposal: maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company's ability to move through the cycle on a continuous basis. Maintain the previous profit and surplus figure 1: one-quarter operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) in Guizhou, and figure 2: single-quarter net profit and rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 3: Māori sales rate (in billions of yuan, per cent) for the single-quarter sales rate for the single-quarter sales rate (in billions, per cent) in Guizhou
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author