Special red points: a series of special lines, full-scale, November 22, 2023, leading to high-quality development and returns.
Keywords: #Consumption Upgrade Events: A company announcement to discover a gold dividend of $19.106 (including taxes) to all shareholders. This is the second special bonus since the announcement was placed on the market. The aim is, firstly, that the company is based on continuity, stability, health.
The need for development; secondly, to increase the level of cash transfers to demonstrate the healthy cash flow of the company and to boost market confidence, while ensuring that the normal operation and long-term development of the company are not affected; thirdly, to provide positive returns to shareholders, share dividends from the development of the company with shareholders and increase the sense of access to the vast majority of shareholders.
Annual dividends (25.91 dollars per share, 30 June 2023), with dividends on the stairs, high-quality development and shareholder returns. Companies have achieved great success in their high-quality development in recent years, with direct sales focusing on i-pot and consortium purchases growing rapidly, and sales channels are becoming more efficient.
With scientific refinements, the contribution to stabilizing market prices and face-to-face consumers has been remarkable; a series of wine singles has gone beyond $10 billion, and a series of gins and wines has been expanded. At the same time, high-quality development has been accompanied by a timely increase in shareholder returns, which has helped to stabilize market expectations and attract long-line investors.
The company’s previous announcement began in November with an increase in the prices of major products, and the price of nearly six years of ice has been broken to gain market welcome and recognition. The price increases reflect the company’s role and have a positive impact on the industry; and the end of the product line: the company’s series.
The wine keeps the core price new and the success rate of the new product significantly increased; the market management end: the ability level holds the price, the marginal advantage is the next big city continues to rise, and the market for sales and prices is less volatile. We maintain the comprehensiveness and effectiveness of the company's operations.
"Kotai, Guizhou (60519) " : 2023 III: Profit forecasting and investment rating: consumer markets are back on track, companies are leading the industry for two consecutive years.