Silver World Wide Market's Wisdom Investment Corporation has been renovated by Guizhou Maow (600519ch) and must be consumed first in 2024.
During the industry’s cold cycle, Mao Tai achieved the first price increase, reinforced his position at the top of the white market, RMB 2,279) and broke the market’s concerns about the market’s position.
There was no hoarding and centralized ordering, and we believe that this relatively smooth increase in the channel (11.5 per cent of China's essential consumption) was due to the rise in direct sales channels and the introduction of the white wine industry into the rest of the year.
Huang Qian redistributes profits with distributors and sustains a direct flow. Looking ahead, we believe that companies have the power to use brand influence to re-elevate prices and increase profits faster than revenues in the future.
Li Kianjia's price increases are expected to break down the industry cycle. In the medium and long term, the low-price increases play a leading sheep role for the industry, and their high-end and sub-high-end products provide greater room for upward development in the medium and long term.
In the short term, market confidence was boosted and, following the 20 per cent rise in the price of the “flying” factory on November 1st, 2023, the market was informed of a number of price increases for white wine brands.
At the beginning of November, the P5 denied anecdotal debate about price increases and said that efforts were being made to develop low-level alcohol to meet young consumers. At the end of November, the P5 revealed that the company’s core single product, the Eight Generations of P5 would increase by between $100 and 200, with 10 to 20%.
On 1 January, the cashier's products in the Xiangzhou cellar - the three-dimensional 500ml "60" dealer settlement - were revised upward by around $20, by 4 to 5 per cent, and price adjustment measures were still in effect; at the end of November, the company announced that the “price inverted” phenomenon was within the expected range and that the company did not.
At the end of November, the price of the ocean-flagged wine, the 40.8-degree-supplier, rose by 3%. In our view, the decision-making side of the liquor industry implies supply-side price incentives that remain weak, and demand for medium- and high-end white wine continues to be cold.
▪ Looking ahead next year, structural opportunities remain, and end retail prices are likely to rise. In the current market, where the price of white wine is on the rise, alcohol companies need to first address the large backlog of pipeline stocks.
There is support for high-quality industry development, and we expect high-end white wine to be higher. Also, the “weak recovery, strong differentiation” of industry development may continue.
The bonus is 19.11 yuan. This is the sum of 24 billion yuan yuan in the proposed gold dividend. Together with the annual valuation. We look forward to the profits of Mao Dai as a leading business after benefiting from price increases in the medium and long term.
Rev/np+3%-59%; Costcutwaskeyto 2.tsingtaobrewery(168hk) - 3qrev/np-4.6%/+4.7%; abovemarket kweichowmoutai (60519ch)-
Figure 2: Comparable market forecasts for the International Forecasts of Silver. Figure 3: Rolling 12-month market surplus trend