Once again, a special bonus has been issued to highlight the resilience of the leadership in the development of the event of the Guo Dai event: the announcement of the special dividends programme for shareholders was issued by the company on November 20, 2023.
Once again, the company pays a special bonus. The company's research decided to find a gold dividend of $19.106 (including taxes) for each shareholder. This is the second special bonus to all shareholders after the company's first special bonus in 2022. Since 2015, the company's annual interest payment rate has been maintained.
With a profit of $18.127 billion, after this special dividend, the company’s books are still sufficient to guarantee business development. The company’s special dividends are expected to boost market confidence and enhance shareholders’ sense of access.
Special red points, which keep the red rate at relatively high levels, are aimed primarily at the need for continuous, stable and healthy follow-up of the company; at increasing the cash dividends to boost market confidence, while ensuring that the company's normal operations and long-term development are not affected; and at positive returns to shareholders,
The company’s recent multi-dimensional energy has highlighted its resilience. In recent years, the company has been on the rise six years after expectations, and it has continued to scale up its product, channel-structure innovation.
As a leader in the white wine industry, the company's two-wheel-drive strategy is clear, the channel structure continues to be optimized, and the prices of the fly-out plants are more effective.
Growth in corporate performance. With the release of capacity, there is room for further price increases. Maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.