On 20 October 2023, Maotai, Guizhou issued its report for the first three quarters of 2023.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Performance meets expectations with steady growth and resilience 16 per cent) and performance meets expectations with robust sales revenue growth, with total revenue collected in the previous three quarters
The cost end, 2023q3 sales/management rates +1 pct/-1pc to sub-products, 2023q1-q3 margaritas/ series, respectively.
The speed of growth is robust, the structure of the product is effectively diversified, and the barrier is growing steadily overall.
3 Guozhou Mautai (600519). Industrial income is $5,532 million, an increase of 37%. The digital marketing system expands steadily, promotes the diversification of channels, and the construction of the i-kup is very effective.
The domestic/external revenues of 2023q1-3 were $998.880/2984 million, corresponding to macroeconomic downside risks, output expansion less than expected, growth in direct growth less than expected, reform processes less than expected, and fast price increases.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In June 2023, he joined the Chinese securities studies to reflect his research. I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't,
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.