The tri-quarterly review in 2023 of the Guo Dai (600519) reported an average increase of about 20% in the price of the Guo Dai (Flying Days, Five Stars) from 53% to 1%. This adjustment does not involve the market price of the company’s products.
This time, the company adjusts again six years later. Based on about 20% of the price increase, the price for each bottle of this adjustment is raised by about $194 per bottle.
At the same time, the company indirectly optimized the price of its products by upgrading its product structure and expanding its direct circuits, while the company raised the price directly in excess of market expectations.
The company announced that it would invest approximately $15.516 billion in the construction of the 14th Five-Five-Year Technical Reform Project.
The company currently produces 56,000 tons of wine. If the project is successfully completed, the production of wine will rise again, and the production of wine will be close to 76,000 tons.
As a leader in the white wine industry, the company's two-wheel-drive strategy is clear, the channel structure continues to be optimized, and the prices of flying-out plants are more effective.
Growth in corporate performance. With the release of capacity, there is room for further price increases. Maintain a “buy-in” rating of companies.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.