CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
行 全 资 附
les.
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
LONGi – A (601012 CH)
HOLD (Down)
Target Price
RMB32.40
(Previous TP
RMB32.37)
Up/Downside
+11.53%
LONGi released strong earnings preview, stating net profit to surge 95.5-107.2%
Current Price
RMB29.05
net profit of ~RMB 1.7bn, marking a historical quarter high. In 2020, we see wafer
supply to remain tight in 1Q20 but shifting towards oversupply, implying a
China Solar Sector
potential price war in 2H20. We expect wafer ASP to decline by 11.0% YoY, while
module ASP to reduce 17.2% in 2020. As we expect competition becomes
Robin Xiao
intense for both wafer and module sales, we turn relative prudent on LONGi's
share performance. We downgrade LONG to HOLD rating despite raising FY20E
EPS by 7.4%.
Profit reached historical high in 4Q19. Strong quarter profit implied not only
significant shipment growth, but also outstanding profitability. By end-4Q19,
we estimate L'ONGi's wafer capacity raised to 40.8GW, up 45.7% YoY, and
overall GPM for wafer and module would be ~32% and ~25% respectively in
FY19. We believe those figures would be significantly higher than peers,
indicating LONGi's superior costs control and operating efficiency. LONGi's
FY19E earnings was stronger than our estimates, mainly due to 9.3%/4.2%
higher than our expected wafer and module shipment, respectively.
■ Wafer and module price under pressure. Based on LONGi's capacity
expansion plan, we expect external wafer/module 2020 shipment will increase
60.5%/121.5% YoY to 7.49bn pieces and 18.45GW respectively, but ASP to
decline 11.0%/17.2% YoY. We think mono-wafer supply will still be tight in
Share Performance
1Q20, supporting relatively high selling price, but price will likely to face
pressures as more new capacity starts production, which will shift market
situation to oversupply in 2H20. We expect price cut will reduce wafer/module
GPM to 25.1%/21.1% in 2020.
Wafer and module trending to larger size. LONGi launched M6 wafer with
dimension of 166mm in 4Q19 in response to TJZ (002129 CH, NR)'s
Source: Bloomberg
challenge with newly developed M12 (210mm) products. According to mgmt.,
M6 product accounted for less than 10% output and mainly used for internal
12-mth Price Performance
module production in 2019. In 2020, the Company expects M6 product will
account for ~40% output, of which ~50% will be used for internal module
production. At current stage, M6 series product is pricing at RMB 0.4/pcs and
RMB 5 cents/watt higher than traditional M2 products, sustaining LONGi's
profitability over peers. We expect the pricing premium will narrow as larger
size product to supply.
Downgrade to HOLD rating. Based on operating and forecast update, we
revise LONGi's FY19-21E EPS by 19.6%/7.4%/-4.9% respectively to RMB
1.50/1.62/1.84. We turn relatively prudent to LONGi's performance due to
intense competition outlook. We lift our TP slightly from RMB32.37 to RMB
32.40 based on FY20E 20x PER.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: PwC
Earnings Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: CMBIS estimates
Source: CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: CMBIS estimates
Source: CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives.
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.