CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
行 全 资 附
lets.
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
LONGi – A (601012 CH)
HOLD (Maintain)
Overseas expansion aims at US market
Target Price
RMB34.62
(Previous TP
RMB32.40)
Up/Downside
+3.31%
LONGi announced to acquire 100% equity of Ningbo Yize, which owns 3GW cell
Current Price
RMB33.51
and 7GW module capacity in Vietnam. The transaction will be all cash, with initial
consideration of RMB1.78bn with bet-on value adjustments based on FY19-21E
China Solar Sector
earnings. We believe transaction valuation is less than 7x FY19 P/E. Considering
potential ASP boost on LONGi's module sales, we think the transaction is quite
attractive. After due diligence, mgmt. expected to complete the transaction in Jul-
Robin Xiao
Aug 2020. After consolidation, we expect LONGi to seize more US module market
shares, and to enhance its short-term profitability and long-term competitiveness.
Expansion speed is the key. The target Company, Ningbo Yize New Energy
(宁波江北宜则新能源), controls 3GW PERC cell and 7GW bifacial half-cell
Stock Data
module capacity in Vietnam, and specialized in providing OEM services to
leading module brands in the past few years. According to mgmt., Ningbo Yize
has state of the art PECR cell technologies, good costs structure and sufficient
order backlog to support OEM production in 2020-21. Mgmt. explained
expansion speed is the most critical consideration for initiating the deal, as
acquisition will save LONGi at least 18 months of construction while CAPEX
Shareholding Structure
would be similar as acquisition costs.
Aiming at the US market. US solar module has significant pricing premium
(82% higher vs. Europe) driven by ITC step down schedule (details explained
in p.2-3). Additional capacity in Vietnam will help LONGi 1) boost module sales
in the US; 2) avoid trade tariff from Section 301(25%) and AD/CVD(~4.1%);
Share Performance
tariff (20% in 2020). US panel shipment will significantly raise LONGi's overall
module sales ASP and profitability. Mgmt. intends to boost US module
shipment from 1.1GW in 2019 to ~3GW in 2020. We estimate US shipments
will increase overall module ASP by at least 5.8% in 2020.
Source: Bloomberg
Preferential payment terms with attractive valuation. The transaction has
an initial valuation at RMB1.78bn, with adjustment mechanism based on
12-mth Price Performance
FY19-21E earnings of RMB220/241/251mn respectively. Ningbo Yize had
9M19 earnings of RMB248mn, implying valuation less than 7x FY19E P/E.
With reference to benefits from US sales, we believe deal valuation is
attractive, and we noticed the transaction would be settled at 30%/30%/40%
in 2020-22 respectively, bringing no financing pressures to LONGi.
■ Enhancing market-leading position. We believe the transaction will
accelerate LONGi's capacity expansion pace in downstream module sales,
and further enhance the Company's profitability and leading position. We raise
FY20-21E EPS estimates by 2.0%/3.8% to reflect the transaction's impact,
and our TP is also increased to RMB34.62 based on 21.5x FY20E P/E.
Maintain Hold.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: PwC
Earnings Summary
Pricing premium for US solar panels
US module sales has significant pricing premium.
We think the pricing premium is the key reason for LONGi to initiate this surprising
acquisition. According to NREL's 2Q/3Q 2019 Solar Industry Update, mono c-Si
module was 52% higher in price than global average. The pricing premium in the
US market is partially explained by Section 201 tariff (20% from Feb 2020 – Feb
2021), while the remaining can be explained by strong US PV demand urged to
qualify for the 30% Investment Tax Credit (ITC). According to PVinforlink, mono
c-Si modules pricing premium is enlarged to 82.2% (US tariff incl. price:
US$0.410/watt vs. Europe FOB price: US$0.225/watt).
Source: US ITC, CMBIS
What determines the premium? We think marginal supply. Based on recent
mono c-Si module pricing in different regions, we compare prices by reverting
Section 201 tariff, and AD/CVD + Section 301 tariffs for module supplied from
China. We found that US module pricing premium over average pricing in other
areas could be largely explained by additional tariff charged on Chinese module
exports. According to NREL's estimates, by end-3Q19 there was 11-15GW
bifacial mono c-Si capacity in Southeast Asia, less than consensus US module
demand estimates of ~18GW. We think marginal supply from China to the US
market would continue to support pricing premium for US solar panel sales.
Figure 2: We think marginal supply price could be an explanation for US
module-pricing premium
Source: PVinfolink, CMBIS estimates
Pricing premium would largely sustain until 2021. As US solar ITC is following
a step down with a sharp decline to 10% for commercial project and 0 to
residential installation, we expect US PV installation will continue to expand in
2020/21. Supported by the tax credit benefit, US pricing premium would largely
sustain in 2020/21, in our view.
Source: NREL 1Q/2Q 2019 Solar Industry Update
Source: NREL 2Q/3Q 2019 Solar Industry Update
Source: Energysage
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.