Nathda (002180) Electronic 3-line operations with a sustained increase in q3 and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company issued its three-quarter performance report for 2022, and in the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved revenue of $18.98 billion, an increase of 12.1 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother of $1.55 billion, an increase of 86.9 per cent in the same year; the performance of q3 met expectations and the cost-side structure improved.
Dollars, 16.0% increase on a year-on-year basis; a net return of 490 million yuan, 59.9% increase on a year-on-year basis,2 due to higher exchange rate gains due to exchange rate fluctuations.2 Bentries and LCL sales are growing at a high rate, and the "print + waste" model accelerates.
Billion dollars, a 3.6% increase in the same year, are due mainly to a slowdown in the output of the mail-based printer market. In the long run, the demand for information-based markets is rigid, and subsequent profit elasticity is expected. In terms of sales, printer sales increased by 40% in the first three quarters, with single-q3 sales increasing by 58%, compared to 3.5 million this year.
The target is expected to be met ahead of time. In terms of raw materials, there has been a significant increase of 86% in the volume of raw consumables, i.e. an increase of 86% in single q3 on a year-on-year basis, compared with 48% in the first half of the year, and with the increase in printer holdings and the production of high-end printers, it is hoped that the supply chain will recover well, yielding $1.75 billion, an increase of 10% in the same year; and interest tax depreciation and amortization.
The profit (ebitda) was $190 million, a 11.5% decline in the same year. The sales of LCL printers grew by 27% on the same year (of which single q3 sales grew by 44% on the same date), driven mainly by substitute orders.
3. Printers ' general consumption operations: In the first three quarters of 2022, the utility operation achieved $4.58 billion in revenue, integrated circuit operations continued to break, and non-printed chips increased their visibility. In the first three quarters of 2022, integrated circuit operations achieved $1.52 billion in revenue, an increase of 43 per cent, and net profits of $670 million, an increase of 19.7 per cent.
Of these, non-printed scrap chips (work control and safety, automobiles and new energy, consumer electronics, etc.) are multiplied. Functional security management systems are certified and product development process systems are in place that meet the highest functional security level of automobiles and complete "asild" levels.
1. Nathda (002180): Nationally produced printer taps, all of which, in the context of the rapid development of the information security market, are at the dawn of a national printer enterprise.
Continuation of high chain layout (2022-09-01), full-chain layout flagships, fully benefiting from national production trends and rapid increases in printer sales; at the same time, off-sea market performance has been repaired to provide strong support for firm stability; and consumption and chip operations added
Quick release, which provides incentives for companies to upgrade their profits and maintains a “buy-in” rating, will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.