The printer's numbers are up, the chip opens up the new growth curve.
The company became the leading producer of the world’s top five laser printers, the global consumer and chip industry, and expanded its operations to non-profit in 2019.
We believe that the company is about to see a4 printer output up, a3 printer in the medium term promotes product structure optimization, and long-term non-print chip substitution for national production.
The core technology is self-controllable, with more than 60% of cagr collected in 2019-2021 and more than 50% of cagr delivered. We expect the nationalization of printers to be an important component of party and industry innovation in 2022, with frequent and high-stakes central collections since 2022, which will benefit fully from the innovation.
The company’s high-end a3 copiers are well developed, and the next three batches will boost the average price of the printer’s sales and optimize the product structure. In the medium term, a3 will be a new engine of growth.
0.73 There is scope for a greater upscaling than the average of 2.14 for mainstream manufacturers, with the higher end-of-end printing machine ratios expected to increase the cost of connection and the average sales price; and accelerated growth in material revenues as printers come out.
The Alliance is one of the first producers to develop commercial laser printers and to create synergies in the channels and supply chains. With the recovery of overseas market demand and supply chains, we expect that the oem order will bring about a sustainable increase of one million grades per year, and that the Alliance will receive more than one million copies per year.
To return to the pre-epidemiological income level of about $18 billion. Moreover, as the associated financial costs of the acquisition, depreciation of assets, etc., dwindled over the years, the net profits of the Alliance grew in 2021 on a year-on-year basis, and non-print chips opened the second growth curve.
A good technical basis for a non-print chip business. In 2021, 32 non-print chips, such as generic mcu, were delivered in bulk to various industries in the industrial control, safety, automobiles, and supported by professional research and analysis.
In 2022, more than 60% of the new items will be on the market. According to the statistics, General Mcu is particularly grateful to Wang Yil-Jung and Bao for pointing out that the annual unprinted chip business will receive more than 60% of the cagr.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the net profit of the company to return to its parent is 68 dollars for the period 2022-2024. We look forward to the prospect of future gains for the Bonusa 3 laser product, which will continue to bring steady cash flows to the company as the LA+Bank Printer holdings increase.
The printing chip business will grow at an accelerated pace with national production alternatives, with the first “buy-in” rating being overtaken.
The company will have three operations, printers and raw materials, common consumables, chips. The operations will focus on printers and raw materials, mainly through two sub-brand Bending Electronics and Liam International. In 2021, the company will have its original printer and consumables business camp.
In 2021, as a result of the gradual deregulation of the overseas epidemic, the performance of the Alliance recovered, the domestic market grew rapidly, and the net return to the mother after the adjustment of the calibre continued to grow by 701 per cent; and the Alliance was in a position to do so.
After years of farming in the market, the raw waste materials provide stable cash flows, and the net cash flow of operating activities has been maintained since 2018 at over $2 billion, and business development has been healthy.
As a result of autonomous control, pre-emptive advantage, and the advantage of the industrial chain, the map has grown rapidly in commercial and credit markets. Domestic sales have increased from 2.1% in 2016 to 7.7% in 2020, with a total of a4 laser black and white and a4 laser colour printers, reflecting product competitiveness.
The year will see the launch of a 3-point laser printer, which will be produced nationally, with the prospect of bulk delivery in 2023. The League’s overseas demand recovery: the demand for office printing recovered in 2021 as the European and American countries eased their control of the epidemic.
About 8.75 per cent of the increase, ebita amounted to $273.5 million, an increase of 18 per cent. We expect the Alliance to recover to its 2019 revenue level, contributing about 18 billion yuan a year.
Primary loads: Future cash cow operations. As the retention and consumption rates increase, it is expected to continue to increase rapidly. Bantu electron consumption averaged 0.73/0.76 in 2019-2020. There is much room for improvement as compared to mainstream manufacturers, mainly because of the current concentration of printers in low- and medium-end markets and the future with the Mercedes.
According to idc data, the global share of the global share of the global share of the world ' s consumer goods in 2018/2019 was more than 50%, and in 2019 it reached 60.89%. Companies, as global market leaders, use their own cores.
Despite the impact of upstream price increases for raw materials, the sale of generic print consumables has continued to grow, with $4,624 million in general-purpose consumption and spare parts operations in 2021, an increase of 5 per cent. 4. Non-printed chips open the second growth curve
In 2021, half a billion dollars and $32.3 million in car code chip operations are expected to grow rapidly in the future as companies expand their applications horizontally, vertically and technological breakthroughs are expected to take place.
5. Profit forecasts and investment ratings keep tabs on the future gains expected from the Bonus a3 laser product, which will grow at an accelerated pace with the replacement of national production for the first time as the LCL-plus-Bank printer holdings increase.
Increased industry competition; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations; and the impact of the epidemic on production operations.
A statement of the personal opinion of the issuer or of the securities issuer; the specific proposals or views contained in the present report are, or will be, made in the past, present or future, regardless of whether they relate directly or indirectly to his remuneration.