The two-wheel drive of track equipment plus emerging equipment has steadily increased performance and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre has increased corporate profitability.
The Māori rate for various products is stable and rising in profitability. 2024h1, influenced by the adjustment of accounting policies, three packages of company costs are incorporated from the cost end, causing Māori rate fluctuations; the Māori rate for 2024h1 is 27.8 per cent combined, and the Māori rate for 2023h1 was 31.1 per cent before the adjustment and 27.4 per cent adjusted in the Unified Accounting System.
-0.3 pp, +0.7 pp, the larger change in management costs is mainly due to the impact of the adjustment of the accounting calibre. The high performance of the track trade industry drives the growth of corporate performance. 2024h1, which benefits from the positive effects of increased investment in railways, increased passenger flow, the increase in the number of iron-tendered cars and the growth of high-level re-tenders, and the realization of the company ' s turn-of-equipment plate.
For $6.14 billion, compared to 30.9 per cent, the growth in corporate performance was 31.2 per cent, compared with $420 million for signal operations, compared to 131.5 per cent, and $220 million for other orbital transport equipment, benefiting from equipment replacement policy incentives and high volume of engine growth.
By 24m8, the National Iron Group had tendered for 509 units: the central drive for a new round of overhaul of model equipment, and the railways had taken the lead in the phase-out of the old and in-house combustion vehicles by 27 years, until the end of the 23rd century.
Our domestic stock of 7800 combustion engines is now about 50% old (over 30 years) and market space is large. The company is at the forefront of mechanical and electrical equipment, such as our railing industry towed currents, and is expected to benefit directly from equipment replacement policy + level V maintenance.
Substream demand for power semiconductors is strong and corporate certainty benefits. 2024h1, the company’s emerging equipment plate is generating $4.09 billion, an increase of 9.2 per cent over the same period, and the Māori rate is 22.9 per cent. A breakdown of the business shows that 2024h1, the power semiconductor device is generating $1.75 billion, or +26.3 per cent, and the industrial transformation is generating $900 million.
The same ratio - 3.6%; the new energy car-driven system collects 900 million yuan, +82%; the marine industry achieves a reduction in demand in the photovoltaic industry and in the unit price of vehicle sensor products. Both the grid and the railing gbt market are now on a fast-growing trend, with companies leading the gbt state, benefiting from capacity upgrading, grids and tracks.
Performance is expected to increase with positive impacts such as continuous delivery of high-voltage devices projects. 1-era electrical: turnover power plant tap, multi-operational expansion period 1.1 turnkey power plant tap, rapid growth in new equipment operations
In more than 60 years, in the field of power and electrical equipment for the advanced-cultivation cycle, the company became a leader in the industry. The company was the China-China company, the China-China company, the China-China company, the Chinese-car business, the Chinese-car business, the Chinese-car-investment lease and the iron-building equipment, which jointly launched the creation of the Southern-Car-era electric power plant, initially engaged in the development and manufacture of train-trailing transformers; in 2008, 75 per cent of the well-known semiconductor dynex was acquired.
In 2012, companies took ownership of the development and production of the country ' s first igbt chip with autonomous intellectual property rights: in 2015, the acquisition of the smd specialized marine equipment company opened up its business expansion in the area of marine equipment; in 2016, the company changed its name to "Long-Chang Chau Quan Quantage Electrical Holdings Limited".
Company” in 2017, with the successful development of the world's maximum capacity-pressureed igbt, the successful expansion of the company's semiconductor operations into the steam year, the company replenishment era semiconductor and the active expansion of the emerging equipment business; and the subsidiary era semiconductor introduction strategy in 2024, with the steady development of the world's inter-trail transport equipment business in Time Electric and the active deployment of the emerging equipment industry
Focus on core technology for orbital transport operations, extending vertically to new and emerging areas of equipment. The company has developed a deep field of orbital traffic, constantly breaking through new and emerging areas of equipment, building on its core technological and technological capabilities, and forming a "basic device plus device and system plus whole system" in the areas of orbital transport, new energy generation, electricity, electronics, motor power, industrial electricity, marine equipment, etc.
The full industrial chain structure of the process is designed to provide a comprehensive high-end equipment solution for clients. 1) Orbital traffic loading: four major plates of orbital transport electrical equipment, orbital engineering machinery, communication signals and other orbital transport equipment are organized around the orbital traffic to induce currents. 2) Emerging industries: they are divided into five main plates, igbt, sic and double.
Power semiconductor devices such as electrodes, wind storage helium equipment and a variety of sensors such as photovoltaic engineering, mine card power, air-conditioning frequency, metallurgical frequency, ship-to-ship frequency, new-energy motor power systems, deep-sea operational robots and submarine dredging cable machines, etc.
1) 2024h1, orbital transport equipment, about 59.7%, with a higher Māori rate. The company is the leading supplier of the country's orbital transport industry's towed flow system, 2024h1, as the number of railway passengers has risen steadily, the iron conglomerates have moved, the bidding of the group has exceeded the level of last year's full year, and the share of companies in the market has remained stable: the company's serialized new energy engine research.
Continuous boost, partial modeling: New orders for the urban track towing system continue to lead the industry: track engineering equipment actively promotes the development and promotion of new products such as multi-source powered network operations, grinding vehicles, injured vehicles, etc. Large revision orders for high-end vehicles such as grinding cars, injured vehicles, etc.: market ownership of trunk rail signal products
Steady, city-track signal systems get new orders. 2024h1, the company collects $6.14 billion, equal to 2) 2024h1, new equipment products account for 39.8 per cent of the company ' s emerging equipment business, which consists mainly of power semiconductor devices, industrial transformation products, new energy vehicle power systems, sensors, marine equipment, etc.: 2024h1.
Rapid development of sector operations: continuous upgrading of medium- and low-voltage device production, continuation of grid and rail transfer of high-voltage device projects, bulk delivery of the .igbt 7.5 generation chip technical product.sic product completion of the fourth generation of gull chip development, conversion of sic production line, new energy vehicle sic products in the process of continuous validation, industrial transformation products
New orders were obtained in the areas of new energy generation, metallurgy, mines, ships, air conditioning, and marine equipment received several new orders, both domestic and foreign. 2024h1, the plate generated $4.09 billion, an increase of 9.2 per cent, and the Māori rate of 22.9 per cent.
1.75 billion yuan, or 26.3 per cent of the year; 90.0 billion yuan, or 3.6 per cent of the year, for industrial transformation operations; and new energy, a decline in demand in the photovoltaic sector and the impact of a decline in unit prices for automobile sensor products.
Trailer + new equipment double-wheel drive, leading to growth in corporate performance. In 2017-2023, corporate revenue grew as a whole, recovering downstream demand, with a 30.9 per cent increase in forward equipment operations on a year-on-year basis, and an 9.2 per cent increase in new equipment operations on a year-on-year basis; achieved a combined Māori rate of 27.8 per cent for companies, with some management costs affected by changes in accounting standards factoring into operating costs, 2023h1
The State Finance Committee of the State Council is the actual controller of the company and holds a total of 22.31% of the company’s shares through China’s Chinese Car Group, among others: the company’s industrial organization is diversified, and it currently has the Hunan Car Age Communications Signals Company Ltd., the Chua Chao Times semiconductor, the Pony Chicken Age and the National Iron Group’s three main road mechanics production companies.
As of 2024h1, the company was working on the development of new equipment.
The Replenishment Agreement has been completed for the project of the Bill for the introduction of the Strategic Investors and Staff Holdings Platform by the Replenishment of Semiconductor Limited. The full amount of the Replenishment has been paid and the registration of business changes has yet to be completed. After the replenishment was completed, the company ' s shareholding in the Era Semiconductor decreased from 96.17 per cent to 77.78 per cent and remained the direct controlling shareholder of the Era Semiconductor, with the newly introduced shareholders including a large number.
Funds/companies (e.g., many energy-sector companies, the Nan Guang Group of China, the Ninxeng and the Sino-Cin, etc.), a number of local state-owned and industrial funds (upstream, Golden Wind, Shandong Energy Group, etc.), semiconductor-sector funds and vouchers, etc., are now international.
A small number of idm (integrated design manufacturing) models with high-power transistor tubes, igct, igbt and sic devices and their components, with chip-module-device-system whole industrial chains; and the introduction of strategic investors in this cycle, on the one hand, as a reflection of companies' efforts to deepen reforms in State-owned enterprises and promote the economic development of mixed ownership systems and, on the other hand, to help companies on track.
Figure 9: Companies that actually control the State Treasury Committee of the State Council hold 22.31 per cent of the company's shares, in accordance with the Development Plan for the Modern Integrated Transport System of the “14th Five” and the Outline for the Planning of the National Integrated Stereo-Technology Network.
With 159,000 km of railways and 45,000 km of high irons operating annually, the total rail mileage and high iron mileage in 2030 and 2035 will still be close to 4 per cent (26 per cent) and 11/56 per cent of the total growth space, the future construction of the national railway will be steadily advanced and the related rail transfer requirements will continue to rise.
Assumption 1: Orbital transport equipment operations, the company ' s business block consists mainly of four major sub-operations, namely, orbital transport electrical equipment, orbital engineering machines, communications signal systems and other orbital transport equipment. By 2030, the overall mileage of our railway lines has remained on a growing trend, and the bidding for vehicles, locomotives, vans, buses, etc., is expected to remain stable for the period 2024-2026.
Taking into account such factors as the accelerated phase-out of locomotives and the accelerated bidding process for stage V repairs, it is expected that the company's turn-over equipment plate 2024-2026 assumes that: the company's operations consist mainly of power semiconductor devices, industrial transformation products, new energy, motor power systems, seawork equipment and sensors; and as the national “double carbon” strategy progresses further, the State Department has issued a report on:
The top-level design document for accelerating a comprehensive green transition for economic and social development has been released, and the power semiconductors, new energy vehicles, power drives, sensors, wind hydrogen reserves, etc., are expected to grow rapidly: the company is expected to increase the overall order of the plate by 13%, 16%, and 14% between 2024 and 2026.
Time Electric has formed a complete industrial chain structure in the areas of orbital transport, new energy generation, electrical appliances, auto power, industrial electrical, sea-industrial equipment, etc., with the “Basic Devices + Devices & Systems + Wholestowers & Engineering”, the main business being that we've chosen Chinese Chinese vehicles, China Tong, Young-kyu appliances as their tracks in the field of orbital transport downstream of the company.
For comparable companies, three comparable companies averaged 22, 18, and 16 times the average for 2024-2026; for reference companies, we selected comparable companies similar to the company semiconductor, the new energy business downstream, Inbor, and the Sinkkawa technology as their emerging equipment business, with two comparable companies averaged 31, 19, and 15 times the average for 2024-2026.
Table 2: Comparable corporate valuation (as of 29 August 2024) 1) 1)
2) The downstream industry does not have the same mood as expected. The company’s emerging equipment operations cover many industries such as wind power, new materials, new energy commercial vehicles, semiconductors, industrial transformers, electromechanicals, etc., if the downstream industry has a lower profile, or will affect the company’s new industry.
Business performance is stable, which in turn affects corporate performance. 3) Newly built capacity is not as high as expected. According to company announcements, the company ' s gbt is fit to grow in June 2024, and is expected to do so in the fourth quarter of 2024, if the pace of production follows is not as high as expected, or if it is expected.
The company ' s performance in the new industry has been stable, thus affecting its performance, and has not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for by the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.