Shinyyama and platform-based electrical solutions provide wings for Hawks, and traffic and energy are flying in tandem with the new equipment business. The company is off-loaded from its parent company.
In 23 years, the company was ranked fourth in the "Creating Business" test. In 23 years, the company earned $21,799 million, compared to +20.88 per cent, the net profit of the mother, relying on the electronic core of electricity, and the company was organized around the product of industrial transformation; from the system to the system.
Market data: On July 5, 2024, the device went back to the system and the platform electrical solution provider's plans were shown. The company insisted on a “consent multi-round” development, horizontal expansion of core device coverage, vertical upgrading system
Company power semiconductor devices have been expanded to 750v to 6500v to meet the needs of priority applications such as smart grids, new energy generation, new energy vehicles, and the market share industry. As the device matures, the company's sword refers to higher-value system-grade products, completes the device.
Basic data: The product layout of 31 March 2024 A-components-systems, with the goal of fully deconstructing electrical systems in the field of transport and energy.
The demand for the \triangleright vehicle has been on the rise. From January to May 24, when the country completed its capital asset investment of $228.47 billion, the equipment was upgraded to boost the requirements of the locomotives, and the iron state expected to complete nearly 10,000 internal combustions by 2027.
Automobile phase-out. 2) Quarter level V major repairs, and the maintenance and replacement of the tractor system will reach its peak. The orbital towed system will last about 15 years, and the motor vehicle maintenance market is expected to grow significantly with the "4 trillion" period in 2008, when the train team is entering the stage V overhaul. 3) Corporate railing is expected to grow significantly.
The signal system project has made a historic breakthrough and is expected to be a new growth point for the company ' s track trade.23 In the course of the year, the company won five projects, worth more than $1.6 billion, and its market share was 13.80% (in gold), which has jumped to industry IV. And the company won all the new lines, with regional coverage of Ningbo and the convergence.
The main cities of the city, such as the fat ones, lay the foundation for the development of a market of the deep and deep in Kyoto. The power semiconductors, sensors, etc., have emerged, the country has taken the lead and become a market for companies \triangleright
The power semiconductor development strategy for the British and British flyers has mastered the full-process technology of the igbt, i.e. chip, control, module, algorithm, etc., and constantly expands product coverage. Companies with high pressure have replaced national production in the area of smart power grids and transhipments, leading the market share.
In the area of energy vehicles, according to the New Energy Statistics of the Neo Age, in 23 years the company's power module product was loaded with more than 1 million vehicles, with a market share of 12.5 per cent, with an increase of 68.8 per cent, to take the third place in the market, making it the third-party supplier of the national product. In the second half of the year, the company's third-stage 8 inches of the gbt plant
New capacity is expected to further help companies expand their market share and optimize their product mix. In 23 years, corporate sensor operations have been innovative, generating $594 million, compared to $594 million.
The system’s wide range of products, its progress, and the advantages of vertical integration show promise of opening up space where companies do not \triangleright to grow. Corporate industrial transformations are high-end, systematized and specialized.
In the sub-sectors of mine card power drives, air conditioners, etc., industry is in the forefront and actively expands the light. The growth of the photovoltaic inverters is fast in the top three sectors. Energy-saving reductions, national production substitution, and the demand for high-end industrial transformation products are driving the public sector. In 23 years, corporate industrial transformation revenue reached 23.88.
Billion dollars, +73.84% of the year. The company is already in the forefront of the industry, with a thick, thin-haired car-drive business. Compared to other third-party power-drivers, the company’s electric drive captures the entire industry chain and displays a greater advantage in competition.
The rapid development of the power-driven system, with a capacity of 248,000 units, +77.1 per cent of the year, has led to a market where companies are targeted, strategic, strong and implementable, and are now on track to cross-practice, cross-cutting deployments of “big traffic” and “new energy”.
In the short and medium term, it is expected that the recovery in the demand for on-orbit equipment, the increase in security, and the operation of the urban signal system will jointly push the company ' s operations into a new phase; and that the production of semiconductor capacity will further help the company to expand its market share, optimize its product structure and support the development of the system ' s operations.
In the medium-to-long term, the company constructed the product matrix with "engineer-component-systems" and the platform-based electrical solution provider's ambitions have been shown, and the market share of the system's operations has been rising, with the prospect of large-scale transportation and new energy resources flying in parallel to cross-cutting developments.
The demand for rolling stock vehicles, locomotives, urban tracks, etc., is not as high as expected; the growth of moving vehicles, urban track maintenance and maintenance operations is not as high as expected; the market for urban track communication signal systems is not as open as expected; the demand for semiconductor operations is not as high as expected: the market for new energy generation for industrial transformation is not expanding as expected; and the market for new energy power-driven operations is expanding.
Started with a tracker, with a power semiconductor; the electric platform-type company's macrogram presents the background achievement properties of the 1.1 Academy, which became the standard change for the Chinese Enterprise and the ranking and development of the company, which formed a complete industrial chain structure of “basic instruments plus devices and systems plus whole systems and engineering”, with a focus on “transport” and “energy”
The State Treasury Committee of the State Council has an indirect control unit in China and a direct share in China. The State Treasury of the State Council directly holds 100% of the shares in the China-China Car Group, and China-China-Congress.
Indirectly holding 43.10% of the shares of the company, China Road Station Company, and China Motors Asset Management Limited. Electric Holdings Ltd.’s reform of the mechanism to introduce strategic investors and employee holding platforms, such as the Mid-Customs Semi-Car Age Replenishment Unit of the Consort Company, has stimulated staff dynamism; in 2024, China Enterprise was evaluated for changing its “tardon” and ranked fourth in the year.
In September 2021, senior management and core members of the company were listed through a dedicated asset management scheme, offering 2.213 million shares. In the same year, the semiconductor of the subsidiary era completed a stock transformation for 264 core managers, and the R & D staff, through the STP platform, proposed 6.22% of the shares of the semiconductor of the acquisition period, which became a typical case of creating a long-acting incentive and stimulating a dynamic mix of state enterprises.
In 2024, the State Finance Committee of the State Council conducted a special evaluation of the progress and effectiveness of the reforms of 349 “conversion enterprises” and 303 “200” enterprises belonging to central enterprises in 2023, and the company was ranked fourth in the 2023 examination of “conversion enterprises”.
The company has formed two major business plates: turnover equipment and start-up equipment. After a long build-up, the company has completed the layout of the products of the equipment, components, systems, and has expanded its operations from the orbital transport industry to the areas of “big traffic” and “new energy” with the aim of promoting a two-fold increase in the size and profitability of the company, along with the traffic-to-go equipment and the new and emerging equipment business. In 2023, the company collected $21,799 million.
The company’s Māori rate, net profit rate, and roe have risen steadily. The company’s Māori rate, net interest rate, and roe have all remained relatively stable, and as the size of the company has grown, the company’s management costs, R&D rates have declined steadily, and the sales costs have generally stabilized. The company’s management costs, downstream customers are expanding, and the associated company’s revenue ratio has declined significantly.
A subsidiary, the main supplier, is an orbital transport equipment product, such as a towed flow system. Since 2020, the share of medium-car business has declined over the years as the company ' s revenue from its new equipment business has grown. In 2023, the share of medium-car fleet revenue was $7.14 billion, compared to +7.77 per cent, and the share of the business was 32.76 per cent, compared to 1.4 from the system to the device and to the system, and the electricity platform company ' s macros were shown.
The company adheres to a “concentric multi-round” development model in which the bottom “heart” is an electrical electronic transformation technology with a power semiconductor as a core element. The applications of electrical electronic technologies are wide ranging, including transport, electricity systems, new energy systems, industry, appliances, etc. Sub-electric transformations are mainly completed ac/dc, frequency/volt transformation, including the process of stubble, beheading, reverse, and transformation.
In the field of railing equipment, the company expands upwards from towed transformer systems to core components such as electric machines, electrical controllers and communication invertors, and further acquires power semiconductors,
The inchsic industrial base, which has a full range of autonomous technologies for chip, module, component and application, breaks the situation where the core orbital transport units and the key components of the super-high voltage transmission project are monopolized by foreign firms and leads the market in the area of new energy generation, new energy vehicles, etc. 2023.
Corporate power semiconductor operations (net of internal digestion) generated $3.1008 billion, or +69.41 per cent, of new equipment, accounting for 35.59 per cent. Corporate horizontal expansion of core equipment coverage, vertical upgrading of system capabilities, completion of the "ware-component-system" product layout. Corporate power. Semiconductor units voltage levels have been expanded downward from 3,300 v voltage segments to 750v, up to 6,500v to meet smart power grids, new systems.
Technology homogeneity, mastery of core devices, corporate system integration operations with great potential, platform-type corporate macros, etc. The company has completed the system integration industrial layout of key energy components - core components - systems, with greater value as power semiconductors, sensors, etc. are released.
With the horizontal and vertical expansion of the company’s products, the company is expected to become a cross-practice, cross-cutting platform-based electrical solution company. 2. Industry beta resonances with company alpha, with a new start in rail equipment operations.
The company is the absolute leader of the country's orbital orthopaedic system and has gradually expanded into three main groups of goods: orbital electrical equipment, ortho-engineering machinery, ortho-sign systems. In 2023, the share of the company's orbital electrical equipment, ortho-engineering machinery, orthopaedic signal systems were 46.94 per cent, 7.73 per cent, or 46.94 per cent, or 7.73 per cent, respectively.
The company’s towed-transformation system covers a series of communication motors, the Renaissance powered centralized motors, the Renaissance standard motors, the Intercity motors, the subway trains, the magnetic float trains, and so on. The company’s autonomous towed-transformation systems break the foreign technological monopoly, not only maintaining a leading position domestically, but also selling Europe, the Americas, Europe, America, Europe, America, Europe, Europe, America, Europe, America, Europe, Europe, the Americas, and others.
Countries and regions like Asia. Based on open information such as tenders, companies have dominated the market for years in urban rail-trading transformer systems.
The company’s orbital engineering machinery is well-established, and its subsidiary, the Bowl’s Mid-Car Age, is one of the three main INT road-keeping plant producers. The company has about 79 administrative licences to produce a series of more than 50 products, including heavy-duty orbital vehicles, network operations, large-scale road-keeping machines, urban orbital transport engineering vehicles, and is constantly moving to passenger routes, urban orthopaedic markets.
2.2 There has been a significant increase in the flow of passenger on-orbits, with a sustained recovery in the demand for moving vehicles and urban on-track vehicles. The country ' s rail and urban on-line traffic has reached an all-time high, and the drop-off has become a common mode of public transport. Since 2023, railway passenger traffic has reached 3.85 billion people across the country, exceeding 3.66 billion in 2019, reaching an all-time high.
By 29.39 billion people, +58.10 per cent of the year, it is also a record high. With strong passenger flows, national investment in railways and demand for moving cars began to pick up. In 2023, national investment in fixed assets in railways increased to + 7.54 per cent, and the corresponding acquisition of 233 groups in mobile cars increased to +468.29 per cent.
Investment in urban orbital construction, influenced by local fiscal influences, has shown a downward trend in recent years, but traffic flows have recovered and maintained high vehicle demand. Investment in urban orbital transport in 2022 was 544.397 billion yuan, or 7.10 per cent, and investment in urban orbital orbital transport in 2023 was $521.403 million, with 977 columns of urban orbital vehicles, or 29.99 per cent.
2.3 The demand for freight is stable, the equipment renewal policy is expected to guarantee the overall level of rail cargo demand across the country, and the Central European fast line is expected to be new. In 2023, the country ' s rail cargo volume was 5.04 billion tons, or 1.2 per cent, compared with 1.2 per cent, affected by high sea prices. In May 2024, the national iron container delivered 70.95 million tons, or 200.0 per cent; the Central European class
On February 28, 2024, the country launched a new transport facility, with nearly 10,000 more on board, which will accelerate the roll-out of new energy engines, with the aim of reaching old age by 2027.
The old internal combustion engine was largely phased out, and specific party-central actions were implemented to promote large-scale equipment upgrades. 2.4 The phase of overhauling the towed system will begin and the market will become a new space for the future.
The company’s business is expected to benefit from the transfer of equipment, such as the orbital traction system, which is required for the overhaul of the entire vehicle. With the "4 trillion" train unit entering the stage 5 overhaul in 2008, we believe that the market for moving vehicles, urban rail security, and so on is expected to grow significantly.
The company collected $632 million in 2008 and $1,472 million in 2010, assuming that in accordance with the principle of original plant repair, the future company will peak in the maintenance and replacement of vehicle products from the moving fleet and urban track.2.5 The urban-track communication signal system has become a new direction for the company's products.
In 2023, the company won a new line, and the regional coverage of key cities such as Ningbo and Fertilizer will lay the groundwork for entering key cities such as Kyawong. Our city track signal system market is more than $10 billion in size, and the company has recently made a breakthrough with the region in terms of the number of projects and the number of regional breakthroughs.
The company has set up a fully organized urban signal system with fully autonomous intellectual property rights. It uses a fully autonomous cbtc signal system, Ningbo 8, on the Changsha 4 line, the Ningbo 4 line, the Changsha 2 line upgrade, the Changsha 2 line, the Sha 2 line west lyen II, the Guiyangsi, and the Ninz city line.
Lines, Fertilizer 6/7, with a fully autonomous fao signal system, 17 line city-track signal integration projects, with a cumulative mileage of nearly 500 km. Through deep integration of train control systems, energy-saving reduction capabilities are enhanced, and the most important feature of the company's catch-up is the “building of a car-friendly autonomous smart signal system”. In 2024, a dynamic cluster train control system (tacs 2.0) based on autonomous operation was released and used in multiple systems.
Integrator advantages, responding to industry ' s technological dynamics and owner ' s needs, address pain points such as the mismatch between transport organization and passenger flow dynamics, high per capita energy consumption, passenger travel experience to be upgraded, and enable the online dynamic formation of trains, integration of perception self-security, intelligent dispatch and connectivity, integrated signal vehicle control.
Movement control dynamic group transport energy savings of more than 20 per cent; travel-friendly passenger waiting times have been reduced by more than 40 per cent.
Over a decade, the company’s core equipment, such as semiconductors, sensors, etc., has been autonomously controlled. In recent years, companies have continued to refine the layout of products such as igbt, sic, etc., and have actively expanded the downstream areas of new energy generation, new energy vehicles, grids, etc., with impressive results, combined with a jump to national leadership.
Figure 36: The company’s core equipment business consists mainly of power semiconductors and sensors 3.1 new energy vehicles, power generation, smart power grids, etc., which boosts the demand for power semiconductors. The field of power semiconductors is wide downstream. Power semiconductors are used mainly for high power industrial transformers, welders, new energy sources.
Cars (electric controllers, vehicle air conditioners, charge posts), rail equipment, white household power, photovoltaics, wind power, etc., have different applications depending on the voltage of the application landscape. The global market's high demand for igbt, new energy vehicles, consumer electronics, industrial controls, etc., are the top three applications.
The global igbt market was $5.4 billion in 2020, the global igbt market was expected to be $8.4 billion in 2026, and the capr was 7.64 per cent in 2020-2026. The igbt downstream application market was vast, with new energy vehicles, consumer electronics, industrial controls as its main application area, accounting for 31 per cent, 27 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively, in 2023.
Trendforce, Analysis of Middle- and Downstream Markets in China ' s New Power Semiconductor Devices (igbt) Industrial Chain, 2023, Shanxi Securities Research, New Energy Motors, New Energy Power Generation, Smart Power Network, etc. have become the main driving force behind the growth of demand downstream of igbt. igbt is an electric power-driven system.
As the amount of photovoltaic machines continues to grow, the amount of igbt used for photovoltaic reverse transformers also rises rapidly. The igbt is an important component of the photovoltaic reverse transformer, and is the core element of photovoltaic power.
Global Photovoltaic Wirtschaftsprüfer Public, Global Energy Network, Shanxi Securities Research The wind power industry has experienced a more volatile loading cycle and a relatively smooth growth in demand for the igbt. In 2023, the national wind and power installed on 75.9gw, an increase of 101.7 per cent compared to the previous year, led to a recovery in the demand for the igbt.
43: 2021 - 2023: Figure 44: 2021 - 2023: The national wind-power-igbt market. Smart grids are an important application of high-voltage gbt. Investment in our electricity grids has increased significantly, with soft direct transmissions becoming representative of the smart grid. In June 2024, the National Energy Agency proposed to build urgently in the context of its " Accelerating the construction of new energy systems to improve the security and safety of energy resources " .
New power systems, the acceleration of innovative applications of ultra-high voltage-soft direct transmission technologies, the promotion of smart transformation of grid infrastructure and the construction of smart microgrids, the launching of high-quality development initiatives for grid distribution, research on upgrading power-smart dispatch and upgrading of grids for clean energy intake, configuration, and regulation. The high-voltage, high-volume, flexible direct transmission system has provided important technological support for the development and efficient delivery of the country’s large-scale new energy sources.
The company acquired 75% and 25% shares of dynex in 2008 and 2019, and acquired its British-based igbt chip production line and modular wrapping line, large-power bipolar chip production line and seal line.
The company’s igbt product has achieved full voltage coverage of 750v-6500v, constructing a system of low-pressure groove grids igbt technology supported by two generations of “bought + soft access” and “fine grooves.” The company has developed a flyer against the British, has mastered the entire process technology of igbt, such as chips, controllers, modules, algorithms, etc., and is constantly expanding product coverage.
British fliers are global leaders in power semiconductors, formerly the Siemens semiconductor sector, which holds full-process technology in power semiconductors, controls, modules, algorithms, etc., and covers key applications such as si/sic/gan. The company semiconductor sector has a similar electrical and electronics industry background to British fliers, and constantly sets up the path of the specimens in terms of technology development and product development.
Joint ventures have been set up with groups of cars such as Hiroshima, East Wind, etc. to carry out module wrappings and semiconductor subsidiaries of upper-air and North-air equity companies. The joint venture has started phase two of the project, which is expected to start.
By 2024, it will have reached 1.2 million annual capacity, which will have been achieved in addition to the demand for the igbt module for 1 million new energy vehicles by 2025. In 2022, the company obtained 2.5 million Fareo, four years of long-term supply orders and a breakthrough in overseas exports.
Figure 48: British Flying Fields have a leading advantage in power semiconductors, e.g., palm grids, new energy cars, new energy generation, etc., system-wide control, algorithms, etc., and coverage of critical material applications
In 2022, the company began the third phase of the igbt capacity-building, with plans to build 8 inches of production per year in each of the states to meet downstream demand for new energy vehicles, new energy generation, etc. The production line will start in the second half of 2024.
Corporate products have broken the Euro-American monopoly and are among the top 10 players in the global industry, leading the country. Because of the high entry threshold for the igbt industry, and the early start of foreign firms’ operations, the top five manufacturers of the global igbt in 2023 were British Flying, Mitsubishi, Fuji, Ansomy, and Sami, respectively. In 2021, the company ' s igbt module took the top 10 world markets, with a market share of 2.0%, and the country ' s production of igbt products grew rapidly.
In 2023, the company power module product jumped to the third largest share of the country ' s new power-car market, leading the country ' s third-party suppliers and exceeding the average growth rate in the automobile industry. According to the new energy statistics for the New Age, in 2023, the company ' s power module product was loaded with more than 1 million vehicles, market share 3.3 generation semiconductor is promising, and the company continues to follow up.
The third generation of semiconductors such as sic/gan can be used in different transport, energy, and industrial scenarios. The sic represents a large view of the third generation of power semiconductors and is expected to be a new growth point in the industry. According to Yole, the global market size of the sic power device in 2021 is estimated to be $6350 million, and is expected to grow to about $38,100 billion in 2027, with an average annual compound growth rate of 34.80 per cent.
The cost of sic extension is currently largely subject to cost. The difficulty of sic-lined, extended technology leads to an overall high cost of sic devices. The cost of sic-lined devices is about 47% of the total cost, and the cost of sic-extension is about 23%. These two major processes are sic devices that have developed the full capacity of the mature sic chip product Design-manufacturing-testing-module, whose products are in the subway, new energy vehicles.
In April 2022, the company announced that its controlling subsidiary, the semiconductor of the Car Age, intended to invest 462 million yuan in the construction of a technical upgrading project for the sic chip production line. After the project was completed, the capacity of the current 4 inch sic chip year, 10,000 chips/years, will be upgraded to 2.5 pieces/year of 6 inches of chip/year, mainly in the direction of new energy cars and orbital traffic.
The sensor is a key building block of the information system, and the company has developed and mastered advanced sensor production techniques. The company uses "intellectualization, miniaturization, high reliability" as a technical feature, attacking power sensors, speed sensors, pressure and temperature sensors, large machine sensors, industry.
Key technologies, such as sensors, have shifted from sensor element development to sensor measurement system solutions providers. Product batch applications are in the areas of orbital transport, industrial variability, etc. Companies are continuously increasing their research and development inputs, Autonomous Car Code Holasic chips are about to be produced in quantities, and two chips have been released in 23 years: master engineering chips have become iterative, plate current detection chips have been successfully downlined, and a large number of extension conditions are in place.
Focus on new energy head clients, rapid expansion of production capacity, and a clear upward trend in sensor operations. The company focuses on new energy head customers, and in the light storage area, is largely working with domestic head inverters \ currentsetters: in the new energy vehicle sector, continuous access to the head head in a new car, customer orders, product delivery doubled, and accelerated overseas customer business development. In 2022-2023, nearly 50 production lines were expanded to facilitate the development of overseas customers.
4. Systems products are wide-ranging and advanced, vertically integrated advantages are evident, and 4.1 is rich, with demand for industrial transformation products breaking out. In the area of new energy generation, storage, companies achieve green energy based on industrial transformation products such as photovoltaics, wind power, lithium storage, hydrogen storage, etc.
Full coverage has become a provider of a full range of solutions in the new energy sector. Figure 58: Corporate reverse transformer products cover the “light-wind-storage-hydro-hydro” new energy generation-storage chain, creating systemic solutions, and the rapid growth in demand for photovoltaic reverse transformers in the global and Chinese markets, providing opportunities for company business development.
Reversers and collusive reversors have high accuracy feeder tests, insulation resistance tests, high/low voltage crossings, island effects, night-time svgs, weak grid support, etc. Central photovolt reverses have high mppt efficiency, Chinese efficiency, insulation resistance detection, high/low voltage crossing, stand-alone island effects, night-time svg, weak grid support, etc.
High-precision feeder, insulation resistance, high/low voltage crossing, large ground/water surface and business houses
High mppt efficiency, Chinese efficiency, insulation resistance detection, high/low power, large ground/lake surface power stations
In 2022-2023, the company ' s photovoltaic reverse transformer was ranked third in the industry in its bid for centralized purchases.
In a bid for a centralized procurement of a photovoltaic inverter, the fully-owned subsidiary ' s transient flow rose significantly to 18.61gw in 2023, with a winning figure of 8.32gw, third in the industry. The company ' s wind transformer product covers multivoltage-grade wind units and fits the wide-area power range. The company ' s full-power transformer applies to far-reaching sea.
16mw high-power wind engine set-up applications, product series covering low-pressure, medium-pressure levels, gbt, high-voltage core components such as control chips, primary development, industry-wide self-controllability, nationalization of key components, safety and reliability of downside efficiency and adaptation to adverse environments. Company double-bending fluids can be applied to high-altitude, high-wet, saline, etc. across the country; they can be installed in towers and cabins.
In 2020, the company wind currenter entered the prospective energy wind currenter and medium wind supply chain; and in 2021, the company wind currenter continued to deliver bulk deliveries.
In 2023, in the stock market, China was ranked first in the 13 winning projects, both in the number of winning projects and in the overall size of winning the bid. Vision energy and Biadi are in the second place, with the winning bid exceeding 800 mwh.
In 2023, the company won 7086.75mw for the entire fleet of vehicles in China and China. Figure 761: Description of the new energy storage industry in the parent company. Table 8: The top six companies and projects in the storage system project in 2023.
In March 2022, the company's own igbt hydrogen power plant was proven to be successful on the ground. On August 25, 2022, the company won the first large-power igbt hydrogen power batch order in the country, and the company designed the 5mwigbt fully controlled hydrogen power system that it developed.
The “Photovoltile Power Station and Hydrogen Power System epc” project of the Tri-Firth Group Oldowsna Solar-Zone demonstration project provides the basis for the expansion of the company's new energy-generating product operations from device to component to system, “product +”, “system +” layouts. Under the marketization mechanism, the parent company provides end-to-end layouts of systems such as storage energy, wind power, etc., which are conducive to the expansion of the market base of the company's products/components at the end of the product.
Increased understanding of the needs of downstream customers and enhanced market competitiveness of devices and components products. Figure 62: Introduction to the new energy wind and electricity industry in the parent company, Figure 63: Business as a whole (mw) in the top 10 of the wind and electricity peak in 2023
4.1.2 The industry is in the vanguard of industrial transformation products, such as mine card power drives, air conditioners, etc. The company has developed industrial transformation technologies and product flats with autonomous intellectual property rights, low pressure covering high school, capacity from 0.1 to 4000 kva.
Station, which proposes a full process of bulk products for cost and quality control models and successful application, provides a fully autonomous and manageable technological and industrial chain from the igbt device, power module, transformer to the industry system solution, providing a full life-cycle solution based on the added value of the customer. Air-conditioning systems are energy-intensive, there is an urgent need for energy conservation and reduction, companies are focusing on efficient electrical transmission systems, radiation peripheral power management, heating ventilation machines, etc.
Water pumps, etc., provide users with integrated solutions for one-stop electrical systems from the “grid end” to the “compressor end”. According to IDRC data, the country accounts for more than 15% of electricity consumed by society as a whole. In 2019, the Green and Efficient Refrigeration Actors, co-published by seven ministries, including the National Development and Reform Commission, proposed a 30% increase in energy efficiency in large public buildings, a 25% increase in overall energy efficiency in refrigeration and a 25% increase in green and efficient refrigeration by 2030.
The company introduced the most efficient tpower series of high-speed permagnetic change frequency transmission systems in the industry, promoting energy efficiency in the heating central air conditioner industry, which is above all in the industry market. The company ' s tpower series of high-speed permagnetic change frequency transmission systems can efficiently drive centrifugals,
Compressors such as screws to achieve voltage levels of 0.4sim10\text{kv}, with maximum power of 25 [text{kw}, introducing air-conditioning cooling with equal volume reduction of 50\text{w}; Innovative use of airborne structures, “zero land” easier; green integration, <5%, to meet the demand for power distribution in sophisticated rooms such as data centres, banks, etc.
In the future, the market size of the central air conditioning system for high-speed permanence-magnetic frequency transmission systems will be further enhanced. The company ' s utility-driven systems have reached international leadership levels and have resulted in bulk export abroad of 50-400 tons of electric wheeled minerals and full spectrum products. Corporate products have developed solutions from the end of power generation to the end of the drive to construct robust and long-lasting mining shock standards.
The system has a precise chain of control, which supports the smooth running of vehicles; self-carried skating controls, which makes complex weather travel safer; brake energy recovery and re-use, low-carbon and more energy-efficient intelligent surveillance diagnostics, and maintenance of simple and efficient equipment. At present, the company ' s non-road mine power drive system reaches international lead, with a capacity of 50t ~400t, mass export to more than 10 high-end applications such as Australia and Uzbekistan, with a cumulative journey.
Auto-controlled, state-owned alternatives, corporate industrial transformations break monopolies and make a milestone breakthrough in the metallurgical sector. As a demonstration of the country’s first full-line national production of broad-bandband production line, the first national production equipment and technology was introduced for the 1 580 mm thermal roller project, which was the first national production of equipment and technology.
The proprietor's drive in broad heat is a strategic tool for the development of high-end production of heat-rolling products. It is a landmark project in the domestic metallurgical industry for high-end equipment. The first year of successful production and operation of the master-movement system support project in the company's rollers marks the success of the country.
The monopoly, the nationalization of high-end imported equipment, has provided valuable experience in further upgrading the country's industrial chain of metallurgy and the autonomous supply of science, technology and innovation in the supply chain. The company provided the project with a full-line array of 14 pressure transfer systems consisting of rough, compact, stand-up and scissors.
Four quadrant flow control technology, with high-performance vector control in power plants, significantly reducing the output ton of steel, while safeguarding the capacity and quality of steel production. 4.1.3 Industrial transformation products are high-end, systematized, highly specialized, and growable. Corporate industrial transformation operations are high-end, systematized, highly specialized, and are in line in such disaggregated areas as mine card power drives, air conditioners, etc.
Industry leads and actively expands new energy equipment, such as photovoltaic inverters, wind transformers, storage power transformers, hydrogen generators, among which photovoltaic inverters have grown rapidly to the top three in the industry. In 2023, corporate industrial inversion revenue reached $2.388 billion, compared to +73,84 per cent. 4.2 The new energy power drive operation is growing rapidly and is expected to become a head third-party power-drive provider.
The company’s new energy-driven products are rich in variety and have achieved full coverage of a-d-grade vehicle requirements. The total product produced by the company is extensive, with a power of 35kw-240kw, with a peak torque of 4500 nm, to meet the needs of a-d-grade vehicles. A large quantity of power-driven systems currently produced by the company should be used in the total output of a-b-grade electric vehicles, with a peak capacity of 100-140kw. In addition, the company also supplies a range of a00- and a0-grade electric vehicles.
The company’s new generation of c-power280, the first product of medium- and power-drive e4.0, uses 800v high-voltage electrical structures, high-efficiency sic power control technology, high-efficiency flatlines and triple depth integration technology, peak power 280kw, peak speed 20,000 ppm, power density 3.3kw/kg, weight 85kg, cltc efficiency 92%, functional safety asild, with industry leading by all indicators.
In 2023, the company’s new power source was rapidly growing, with 248,000 units installed, compared to 77.1%, and a market share of 4.5%. In 2023, the company ranked sixth in the new power-drived system. In 2023, the top five suppliers drove for Ferdi.
In 2021-2023, the company’s share of the market for new energy use, which rose from 2.9% to 4.5%, and the company’s share in the new energy market, which is expected to rise rapidly, is expected to become a leading third-party supplier. Compared to other third-party power-driven companies, the company’s power-drilling business has a whole-of-the-industry chain, showing a greater advantage in competition.
The company has a central advantage over Inpol in terms of the integration of key components - core components - systems. In 2021, the company collected just $456 million, less than half of Inbor’s revenues, and in 2023, the company collected $1,909 million, which is almost at the same level as Inbor’s revenues.
4.3 Seaworks Smd, a world-renowned company with a recovery base, is a maritime economy-oriented business. In 2015, the company acquired a well-known supplier of global deep-sea robots in the United Kingdom, specialistmachinedevelopments (smd)limited, and established a Shanghai Chinese vehicle smd in 2017, to install the company ' s business to seamen.
Smd is an internationally recognized manufacturer of deep-sea robotics and submarine engineering machines that provide underwater engineering machinery and deep-sea robotics that are highly reliable and remotely automated, based on deep-sea applications and adapted to extreme environmental conditions. The company ' s seaworks include, among other things, deep-sea operations robots, submarine-diggered cable products, decks and seabed mining products.
After many years of integration and application, the company’s seaworks and equipment business has begun to recover at the bottom. The company has fully developed its smd brand advantage, digging and developing more products, strengthening synergies between the UK, Shanghai, and the triads, promoting technological upgrading of core products, and improving the quality of existing products.
In 2023, the company generated $733 million, or +67.73 per cent, in excess of figure 78: Growth in China Industry and Equipment. 5. Profit projections and investment proposals
5.1 The key assumptions of the profit projection are that, according to the company ' s annual report, we separate the company ' s operations from those of rail transfer equipment operations and emerging equipment operations, which include power semiconductor devices, industrial fluxes, new-energy motor drive systems, seawork equipment, sensors, etc.
Track-off electrical equipment operations: as the demand for moving cars rises, locomotives are replaced by old ones, and major maintenance operations are up to date. We expect a 2024-track communications signal operation: business is moving well with the arrival of the mid-point orders in 2023 and with more city and line breakthroughs. Power semiconductor units operations: q3 began in 2024 in a three-phase production phase, middle-pressure power modules were in demand, companies were in high demand.
Industrial currents: With the rapid growth of the photovoltaic industry and improved product and channel layout, companies’ new energy generation orders are expected to be robust. Meanwhile, high-pressure transformer products in companies are expected to develop higher-value-added operations, driven by energy-saving emission reductions and national production substitution.
New energy power-driven system operations: new energy vehicles are growing at a high rate, third-party power-driven market patterns are expected to be rebuilt, companies are breaking through on core components and heavy-point customers, and we expect the business to grow by 30 per cent, 35 per cent and 35 per cent, respectively, in 2024-2026. Sensor operations: industrial highs of new energy generation, orbital transport, automobiles, etc.
Naval equipment operations: the company’s marine equipment consists mainly of products such as deep-sea operations robotics, submarine-digging cable products, decks, and seabed mining. As the global oil and gas industry recovers, submarine cables and communications demand rises, we expect a steady increase in the operation’s revenue collection in 2024-2026, and, with regard to the Māori ratio, as the scale of the company’s turnover equipment product returns, the capacity-to-use booster Māori lead the performance of the company’s turnover equipment operations.
As the power semiconductor, industrial currents, and the market share of new energy power is at the forefront of the industry, the pricing capacity and scale benefits of the business are expected to rise, and the Māori rate of emerging equipment products is expected to rise in the future. We therefore believe that the overall Māori rate of the company will rise steadily, with a projected 2024-2026.
The company’s main business is the transhipment equipment business and the emerging equipment business, which involves comparable companies in different fields. The track equipment business is based on the Chinese Express, the Segawa technology, and the new equipment business is based on the same company, Star Half Guide, McGmite, Sunshine Power, and Gudwe. The six companies projected an average market gain of 18/15/12 in 2024-2026, and the Time Electrical Forecast City, respectively.
The company is a targeted, strategic, strong, executive firm that has completed the cross-cutting and cross-cutting layout of “big traffic” and “new energy.” In the short- and medium-term, the recovery in the demand for on-orbit equipment, the increase in security, and the operation of the urban signal system are expected to jointly drive the company’s operations to a new stage;
In the medium and long term, companies have constructed a product matrix with a “engineer-component-system.” Platform-based electrical solutions providers’ ambitions have been demonstrated, systems markets have been rising, and it is expected that large-scale transport and new energy will move in tandem with cross-cutting developments.
(b) \triangleright has not grown as much as expected in the maintenance and maintenance of the city track;
\triangleright City-orbiting communication signal system market is not as open as expected;\triangleright
(b) \triangleright does not expand the market for new energy generation for industrial transformations as expected;
The new power-driven business market has not expanded as expected. \triangleright Summary of forecast and valuation data in the financial statements
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.