On 17 September 2024, the company's long-standing and well-structured company, the New Industries Assistance Company, grew up to be the leading company in the country's railway equipment industry.
\triangleright, 1959, was registered in 2005 as the “Changzhou-South Motor Age Electric Co. Ltd.” and successfully listed in 2006 at the Hong Kong Associated Office, with a 2021 company on the market.
The management model, which adheres to the development strategy of “consortium diversity”, has built a complete industrial chain structure around technology and the market of “basic instruments plus devices and systems plus whole machines and engineering” involving orbital traffic, new energy orbital transport equipment and new orbital equipment driven by two-wheel drive, enabling companies to fly. The company is mainly engaged in orbital exchanges.
Research and development, design, manufacture, marketing and provision of related services for equipment products, in addition to years of research and development and accumulation of sediments and technologies, companies have gradually become involved in new and emerging equipment business. Companies have become in electrical systems technology, transformation and control technology, industrial transformation technology, train control and diagnostic technology, orbital engineering mechanical technology.
High-tech enterprises with autonomous intellectual property rights in fields such as technology, power semiconductor technology, communication signal technology, data and intelligent applications, towed power supply technology, testing and testing technology, deep-sea robotic technology, new energy motor power system technology and sensor technology.
The company’s revenue, which fluctuates slightly, has returned to the upper route. \triangleright, 2019-2023, is expected to benefit from a new cycle of equipment exchange, new equipment.
High-speed growth - 2024/03/29 billion. According to a phased approach, in 2020-2021, owing to public health events, investment in domestic rail cargo/passenger transport and railway construction decreased, planning for urban rail construction slowed down, and companies took over pressure to start in 2020.
Gradual roll-out, consolidation of equipment operational requirements, company revenue and profit return upwards. 3. Time Electric (68817.sh) 2022 Annual Report: Track Turns On Recovery, New Equipment Operations Continues to Work -
The railway investment is highly planned and highly completed, and it is expected that the value of the investment in the end of the 14th Five-Year Period will be restored.”
4. Time Electric (688187.sh) 3-quarterly reporting points in 2022, billions of yuan. 2021-2022 was affected by public health events, with a drop in passenger traffic on track, and railway fixed-assets investment: three-quarter performance, igbt, power drive, light
The capital base has moved downwards from the 13th to the 748.9 billion fixed-assets investments in railways, respectively, with a high rate of growth of 2022/10/1871.9 billion and a total of 764.5 billion yuan in 2023.
Time Electric (68817.sh) event review: the sword refers to the global market and the massive expansion of production to secure new energy supplies - arrangements are expected to bring total investment in fixed assets in the 14th and 14th railways to an overall level comparable to that of the 13th Five.
Taking into account the completion of the national fixed-assets investment in railways in 2021-2023 at $22,24.3 billion, we expect that the investment proposal: based on the recovery of corporate ownership, new business progress is on the rise, we \triangleright
\triangleright 1-tracking device tap, "Four or more points in a single core" layout is improving. 1.1-tracking equipment taps, years of deep cultivation, and industry layout.
The company has a long history and a well-structured industry. It was registered in 2005 as the “Canadian Age Electric Company” and successfully listed in 2006 in Hong Kong United Exchanges Ltd., and 2021 in Shanghai Stock Exchange.
In keeping with the "two high-impact" high-speed traction management model, the Division adheres to the "consensual diversity" development strategy, which has built a complete industrial chain structure around technology and the market, "fundamental devices plus devices and systems plus whole machines and engineering", and the igbt chip line has been put into operation and started testing.
In 2008, the company acquired and operated, the second largest in the world, the British dynex, accelerated.
The first 8-inch igbt chip and division of the country was established with a power semiconductor.
Modular production line, 1959.
The first igbt module in Hong Kong is easily marketable.
The company is mainly engaged in the development, design, manufacture, marketing and provision of services for orbital transport equipment products, in addition to years of research and development of the sediment.
The company has a complete system of autonomous knowledge-making, which has become a technology for electrical systems, transformation and control, technology for industrial transformation, train control and diagnostics, orbital engineering technology, power semiconductor technology, communication signal technology, data and intelligence applications.
High-tech enterprises with autonomous intellectual property rights in the fields of technology, towed power supply technology, testing and testing technology, deep-sea robotic technology, new energy vehicle power system technology and sensor technology. 1) Orbital traffic equipment: the company is the leading supplier of orbital transport electrical equipment in the country, over the years
Development and gradual expansion of the product category, which is now in the field of orbital transport, has three major segmented operational layouts: (a) orbital transport electrical equipment, including towed flow systems, smart and informative systems, power supply systems, testing equipment; and (b) orbits
Hand-over engineering machinery includes heavy orbital vehicles, contact network operators, large road support machines and urban orbital transportation engineering vehicles; 3) communications signal systems include ikj control systems, ctcs-2 vehicle load atp (train speeding protection), etcs signal system, cbtc (communication-based train)
Operating control systems, fao (full automated system) signal systems, etc. Figure 2: Corporate orbital transport equipment products 2) Emerging equipment areas of business: industries other than company active orbital traffic, covered by the scope of operations
Power semiconductors (dipolar devices, igbt devices, sic devices), industrial transformation products (mainly consisting of wind storage hydrogen equipment and photovoltaic engineering, mine card power, air-conditioning frequency, metallurgical frequency, ship frequency), new energy vehicles powered systems, sensors, marine equipment, etc., with well-structured product layouts.
The company is under the effective control of the State Finance Committee of the State Council, which holds 100% of the shares of the Chinese Car Company, and the Chinese Car Company is a shareholder of the Chinese Car Holdings. As of December 31, 2023, China holds 41.87% of the shares of the company directly owned by China and China.
Indirect ownership of 43.24 per cent of the shares of the company in the management of the middle-car fleet and the middle-car assets. 1.2 Track recovery + emerging business release, return of the company's revenue to the upper channel. Corporate revenue and profit movements slightly fluctuated.
The impact of the incident was a reduction in domestic investment in rail cargo/passenger and rail construction, a slowdown in planning for urban rail construction, a gradual recovery in the operational requirements of the super-orbiting equipment in 2023 as new equipment operations were phased out, and the company received the orbital transport equipment as a core operation, with a balance between the two poles.
Connective equipment operations (orbital transport electrical equipment, orbital engineering machinery, communication signals and other orbital equipment) are the company ' s main revenue support, with revenues exceeding 80 per cent at one time, with the company ' s emerging equipment operations (power semiconductor, industrial flux, new energy vehicle power, seawork equipment, sensors) being phased in, and the orbital traffic loadings
2024h1, affected by the recovery in the investment of rail track assets, the capture of company orbital transport equipment operations increased to 48.1 per cent of sub-operational Māori rates, with slight fluctuations in orbital orbital transport equipment operations, mainly influenced by product structure, and the impact of emerging orbital equipment operations, with the increase in the size of the collection, was highlighted, from 2021 to 2021.
The decline in the Māori ratio is largely due to the fact that companies under the new accounting standards account for guaranteed-quality insurance charges as they relate to the cost of the main battalion’s operations rather than the cost of sales. The impact of the increase in the collection ratio of equipment operations and the increase in the Māori rate as the scale of the new equipment operations increases.
Two-track transport equipment operations: railway fixed-assets rehabilitation plus 2.1 leading suppliers of towed transformer equipment in the country, growing product groups, leading suppliers of orbital towed transformer equipment in the country, deep-farming advantage areas and expanding over time.
2.1.1 The towed transformer system is a national leader, with far-reaching overseas sales. Electricity towed is the country's main means of towing orbital traffic vehicles, the speed of the towed transformer system, the speed of the integrated train, the speed of the towed transformer system.
Instructions such as load and load information and towing, which are based on technologies such as power switching, information interaction, movement control, etc. Conversion of energy, fulfilment of train towing and operation control requirements, real-time follow-up of subsystems work through information transfer sharing, systematic diagnosis, early warning and recording of train failure information, and safe and reliable operation of the train.
The towed flow system produced by the company is used in the areas of locomotives, moving vehicles and urban tracks, and the type of vehicle covered includes the calibration of the series of communication motor vehicles, the Resurveillance power cluster, the Revival standard motor unit, the Intercity motor unit, the subway train, the Magnetic Floating Train, etc.
Key technologies such as co-mutual techniques for noise reduction and electromagnetic compatibility and heat management, and data and intelligence applications for transformers, traction control, train control and diagnosis, power semiconductor, etc., have established a towed transformer flow with autonomous intellectual property rights System technical systems that have achieved high power density, light quantification, high reliability, high safety and high capacity of train equipment
Applied vehicle-type Watercooled towed transformer system covering mainly high-power communication transmission application scenes, mainly characterized by the system's main features, a harmonious series of communication motor vehicles (hxd1c, etc.)
The heat is transferred through the water cycle and train coolers. Hxd1, hxd1d, hxd1f, hxd1g, the main circuit design, which converts the grid voltage through the flow and reverse transformation.
hxn5c, etc.); offshore in-house combustion motor vehicles (sda1, voltage and controlled three-phase power exchange for power to drive the tractor and, on the other hand, by auxiliary reverses, sda3, sda4, etc.);
Water cool toweds converted into a three-phase transvestite system.
High-speed motor fleets of the Revival series (cr 400 in column, cr 300 series); inter-city car crh6f 380v voltage for auxiliary load power supply; simultaneous collection of running voltage, current, temperature, voltage
Group, Crh6a Inter-City Car Unit, Wenzhou S1 City Area, information, etc., integration of communication networks, traffic control, communications management, surveillance and diagnostics functions in one group, Beijing New Airport Line, cj6 Inter-City Car
(a) Physical, real-time monitoring of the operational status of the train to ensure its stability and safe operation;
The wind-cooled towed current system covers mainly medium- and low-power communication transmission applications and is characterized by the system's main heat transfer through the flow of air, including natural wind cooling and forced wind cooling wind bindings.
; the product consists of a primary separated/main supported towed transformer and network control system combined with the corresponding Hxn5b vehicle; the train tractor in Abuja, Malay and the interactive and control function, which fixes the voltage and frequency provided by the power grid or generator
The motor flow is the combustion unit in West Asia; the subway train, the single track, the power, which is converted into a three-phase power exchange with a controlled voltage and frequency, which drives the tractor to run and lifts it up for the motorcycle.
Vehicles, low-floor trains, magnetic suspended trains, engineering vehicles, etc. are powered; at the same time, the system is equipped with fault diagnosis and protection capabilities to monitor vehicle operations in real time by collecting information on voltage, currents, temperature, etc. during the operation of the locomotive, and to ensure the stability and safety of the vehicle.
The company, as the leading supplier of the country's orbital transport industry, currently has a towing system that covers a variety of vehicle types in the areas of motor vehicles, motor vehicles, urban rails, breaking international monopolies, replacing the national product of the core train system and leading the domestic market. The company's towed transformer system is loaded with the "Hard" vehicle.
Group, Renaissance has been widely used in different urban train models, such as subways, single-track trains, magnetic floating trains, and engineering vehicles. According to such information as the competitive bidding of the city-track towing system, the company ' s market share in the domestic towing system was the highest in the nine consecutive years from 2012 to 2020, with the company holding the highest position in 2018.
In addition, the company has a fully autonomous orbital transport long-magnetized flow of intellectual property.
The system, which applies to different speed and power levels, has been extended to high-speed motors, urban-track vehicles, etc. 2.1.2 orbital engineering machines in the railway area, where the company's subsidiary, the Boca, was the target of three of the INT's road-keeping machines.
One of the producing enterprises, with 60 administrative permits covering the type of certificate, the manufacture licence and the maintenance permit, and the only in the country with licences for the type of heavy orbital vehicle gcd-600, the type of hgcz-2000, the type gmc-48js steel track grinder, etc., could produce heavy orbital vehicles, the type of network operation vehicle, the size of the enterprise
In the urban track, by subway companies, the city's rail company, the city's rail company, the city's rail company, the city's rail company, the city's railway company, the city's railway company, the city's railway company, the city's railway company, the city's railway company, the city's railway company, and the city's railway company, the city's railway company, the city's railway company, the city's largest commercial company, the city's largest commercial company, and the city's largest commercial company.
Public information and company statistics on the purchase of orbital engineering machinery by units such as local urban orbital transport enterprises remained high at 29.88 per cent, 35.83 per cent and 28.24 per cent, respectively, in the area of company orbital engineering machinery in urban orbits from 2018 to 2020.
2.2 The demand for railway investment is rigid, the 14th is expected to be higher, the 14th is expected to be higher, the rail investment is highly planned, the completion is high, and the end of the 14th is expected to recover. During the 13th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 6th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 4th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th 5th
In 2021-2022, as a result of public health events, there was a drop in the volume of passenger rail deliveries and a drop in the capital investment stock of railways compared to the 13th Five-Year Plan, which was $748.9 billion and $71.09 billion, respectively, and in 2023, as the short-term disturbance slowed down, the country recovered its capital investment in railways, all year round.
764.5 billion yuan. According to the Iron Company, in the context of the construction-in-progress and construction-in-progress-project arrangements, it is expected that the total investment in fixed assets in the 14th Five-Year National Railway will be equal to the total investment in the 13th Five-Year Railway and will remain stable, taking into account the completion of the national investment in fixed assets in the Railways in 2021-2023 at $22,24.3 billion, we expect 2024-
The average annual investment in fixed assets is expected to exceed $800 billion in 2025. According to the country's 14th Five-Year Railway Development Plan, the country's railways are expected to run approximately 165,000 kilometres by the end of 2025, of which 50,000 kilometres are high-speed railways (including some inter-city railways), up to the end of the year.
In 2023, 159,000 kilometres of railway operated nationwide, including 45,000 kilometres of high-speed railways, with reference to the 14th Five-Year Plan, which projected an average additional 3,000 kilometres of railways per year for the period 2024-2025, including the Medium- and Long-Term Railway Network Plan (2035) of which the high-thirty-five railway network was established in 2030, and 185,000 yuan of railway operations throughout the country.
The railway investment hub is expected to move upwards, with 60,000 km of high iron, corresponding to an average of 4,000 km of additional railway/high iron operations per year. 2.3 Railway passenger/cargo transport is expected to return up-to-date, with INT capital spending expected.
Since 2023, railway passenger/cargo traffic has been significantly repaired, INT operations have improved, and capital expenditure is expected to rise upwards. In 2020-2022, as a result of public health events, our railway passenger/cargo traffic has fallen sharply, and in 2023, our railway passenger/cargo volume has risen to 3,854 million, or 50.06 billion tons, respectively, in comparison with the previous year.
+130.4%/+1.39%, respectively, are at an all-time high. The sharp drop in domestic passenger traffic between 2020 and 2022 led to a huge loss for the Iron Group, which in 2023 achieved $12,15.4 billion in revenues, a 10.5% increase in net profits of $3.3 billion, a significant loss. Capital spending is expected to return as the Iron Group recovers its profits.
2.4 The whole vehicle is gradually entering the advanced phase of the renovation process, which is expected to increase its value. We have a three-tier management system, consisting mainly of a walking kilometre cycle, followed by a prophylactic (first-to-first) cycle.
The repairs were carried out in the use of mobile units, with advanced repairs in levels 3, 4 and 5, at the level of 10,000 yuan, at a cost of 15 million to 20 million yuan and at a cost of about 30 million dollars per grade. The start-up of bulk deliveries in 2007 began, and, taking into account mileage and age, the start-up team will enter.
In 2007-2022, our fleet holdings rose gradually, from 105 to 4194, with a capr 27.86%. In a phased approach, the fleet delivered to the hub guard in 2007-2009, with a peak of 703 in 2016.
For the maintenance cycle of 6/12 years of repairs/grade V, we expect that our motor vehicle fleet will enter the advanced stage of intensive repairs in 2024-2025.
Figure 17: Our fleet holdings (groups) Maintenance market after replacement needs for orbital transport parts are effectively supported. In the engine composition, the towed system is 20%; the turn-on ratio is 13%; the body cost is 9%; the brake system costs are proportional.
9%; auxiliary power supply 7%; network control 5%; air conditioning 4%. The replacement cycles for different spare parts vary, for example, the frequency of brake change is higher, while the frequency of cable and train control is lower.
Increased length of service, with large numbers of spare parts entering the replacement period to effectively support the post-orbit traffic maintenance market.
♪ Turn the wheel ♪ ♪ The body of the car, the brake system ♪
Auxiliary power supply system  network control system  air conditioning system 2.5 Large-scale equipment upgrades accelerate the elimination of old internal combustion motor vehicles
The notice for comments states that, starting in 2035, old railways should leave the railway transport market completely. On 13 March 2024, the State Department issued a notice entitled " Promotion of large-scale equipment renewal and consumer goods for old-fashioned changes " , which revolves around the promotion of new types of industrialization that reduce carbon, emissions, and production safely.
On February 28, 2024, the Director-General of the National Railways stated that our country has made great efforts to upgrade and upgrade equipment, energy equipment, distribution and distribution equipment, and to upgrade technology in priority sectors such as steel, colour, petrochemical, chemical, building materials, electricity, machinery, aviation, ships, light spins, electronics, etc.
Heavy, energy-intensive, noise-intensive, replacement is imperative, with the aim of achieving the old internal engine base by 2027. Table 5: Early phase-out of old internal engine vehicles. 3 Emerging equipment operations: multi-area layout, upstream/downstream synergies in the industrial chain.
The company ' s emerging equipment is fully configured and has a full-scale layout of semiconductor devices (dipolar, igbt, sic), industrial transformation products, new-energy motor power systems, sensors, seaworks, etc.: benefits from new and emerging needs such as photovoltaics, new energy vehicles, etc.
Power semiconductors are at the core of electrical power conversion and circuit control in electronic devices and are used mainly to change electronics, to install intermediate voltage and frequency, to convert straight flow, etc. Power semiconductors can be divided into power ic and power separation devices, two of which are mainly power diodes, transistors, high-pressure transistors, etc.
Products such as mosfet, igbt, and poweric are analogueic and include power managementic, driveic, ac/dc, and dc/dc, etc. The applications of power semiconductors cover industrial control, consumer electronics, new energy sources, orbital transport, smart power grids, transformer power, etc.
The global power semiconductor market is vast, with new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, and so on. According to the China-China Intelligence Network, the global power semiconductor market was $48.1 billion in 2022, an increase of 4.8 per cent over the same period. The global power semiconductor market is expected to be $50.3 billion in 2023.
The main applications include new energy chargers, auto electrons, photovoltaic storage, data centres, servers and telecommunications, industrial automation. According to the Trendforce data, industry and automobiles accounted for 35 per cent and 29 per cent, respectively, in 2021. In recent years, new energy vehicles, chargers, smart equipment, light voltage and new energy.
The country’s power semiconductor market, which has grown steadily, has grown from $13,152 million to $151,936 million in 2018-2023, according to the Research and Research Network.
Cagr is 3%. In terms of the product market structure of the power semiconductor segmentation, power ic is the main product of the power semiconductor market, accounting for more than 50% of the output, while in the power semiconductor splits, the market has a greater demand for mosfet, igbt and diodes, accounting for 16.4%, 14.8% and 12.4% of the power semiconductor, respectively.
Our power semiconductor product is moving from low to medium and high, and there is a wide range of national production alternatives. Compared to developed countries, our power semiconductor industry is still at an initial stage, characterized by a complete industrial chain, a large number of factories, and rapid development.
tubes, tripolar tubes, transistors, low-pressure mosfet (non-carriage), etc., have emerged as "scaling effects, relatively high national production rates". In mid- and upper-end areas, such as sjmosfet, igbt, silicon carbonide, etc., especially car regulation products, domestic plants due to late start-up, relatively complex processes and lack of access to car regulation certification.
In recent years, however, the market has gradually shifted from dependence on imports to domestic self-sufficiency, with high potential for national production substitution. Automobile power semiconductor volumes have risen to the largest application market for power devices.
The most important downstream applications of semiconductors are new energy vehicles, which drive their markets rapidly. Automobile electric belts are rapidly increasing for internal power semiconductor applications. Compared to fuel cars, electric vehicle power devices are more demanding for jobs, electricity and voltage, with new demand coming mainly from the following sources: the gbt model in the inverter.
Blocks, high-pressure mosfet in dc/dc, the gbt separation device in assistive appliances, the super-stop mosfet in obc. With the increase in penetration and sales of new energy vehicles, the demand for power-related devices has a value in comparison with conventional fuel trucks, and the value of the power semiconductor bicycles in new energy vehicles is clear.
In general, the more powerful the new energy vehicles, the more electrified they are, the more powerful they are, the more semiconductor they are, the dollar is about five times that of the conventional fuel trucks. Driven by a boom in volume, the share of the semiconductor market in power in the automotive sector is rising year by year and now outnumbers industry, becoming the largest application market in the power semiconductor.
The new energy vehicle power device requires a continuous expansion of the space in the industry of 3.1.1igbt (insulatedgatebipollartransistor), insulated bipolar transistor by
bjt (dipolar triode) and mos (insulated field effect tubes) with combined full voltage-driven semiconductor devices with both high input resistance in mosfet and low conductive pressure downfall in gtr. gtr saturated, high current density but high voltage drive; mosfet with very small power, switch
Quick, but high voltage drops, with low current density. igbt combines the advantages of both devices, driving power, and according to the use of voltage, igbt can be divided into three categories of products: low, medium and high voltage, with different range of voltage applying to different applications.
In the area of low-consumption consumer electronics and solar inverters, almost all local Chinese manufacturers have low-pressure areas. Medium-pressure igbt has a general voltage of 1,200-2500v for new-energy cars, wind power generation, continued carbon neutralization and planned high-speed development in the field of new energy sources, which is the mainland of China's igbt.
The main areas of power for the future. High voltage igbt is higher than 2,500 v, mainly in the areas of high iron, moving cars, smart power grids, Chinese local manufacturers only in the middle age and Stag's semiconductor, and China's high iron mileage is the world's number one, leading to high demand, leading to technological development upstream in China.
The global Igbt market has grown steadily, and domestic markets have benefited from the growth of the new energy automotive sector significantly faster than global markets. The global Igbt market has grown from $5.07 billion to $8.08 billion, with 12.4 per cent cagr benefiting from the rapid growth of the new energy automobile industry.
From 2019 to 2023, our production of igbt rose from 15.5 million to 36.24 million, and the global market for igbt devices and modules was unique to the British. According to omdia, the share of the world ' s top three manufacturers in the igbtware industry in 2021 was 53%, with the British Virgin City taking the lead.
29 per cent; Fuji Electric City, 15 per cent; Mitsubishi, 9 per cent; British Flying Stone, 33 per cent in 2021; Fuji Electric and Mitsubishi, respectively, followed by 11 per cent and 12 per cent. 3.1.2 The company's Idm model is shaped by core competitiveness.
Through strategic M&As, the company successfully absorbed the igbt technology, acquired 75 per cent and 25 per cent of the Canadian dynex shares in 2008 and 2019, acquired its gbt chip production line and modular envelope line, high-power bipolar chip production line and seal line, and mastered the "chip-ware-assembly-application"
There are two dominant business models in the igbt industry, idm and vertical division of labour.
This is a business model that includes circuit design, crystal-crystal manufacturing, encapsulation testing, and input to the whole chain of operations in the consumer market. The igbt chip, quick recovery of the diode chip design is only one of these sectors, while the enterprise owns its own crystal-crystal, sealing and testing plants.
The financial and market shares are extremely demanding, and only a few international giants, such as British fliers and Mitsubishis, are currently using this model. Fables (the vertical division of labour model) is the business model for the professionalization of industrial chains that began to evolve in the 1980s.
An integrated circuit design company (fables), an intermediate crystal-round factory, and a downstream chip containment test plant. Under this model, the Fabless firm directly addresses the needs of its end-user, and the crystal-round plant and the containment test plant serve the Fables firm. The Fabless firm only works on the integrated circuit design chain, which is upstream of the industrial chain.
It is highly technology-intensive, and the chip designer plays a leading role under the model, coordinating the production, containment and sale of the chip when it is set. Unlike logic, the power semiconductor has no requirement for the extreme linear width of the process and does not follow Moore's law.
Focusing on structural and technological improvements and material overlaps. The variety of power semiconductor process platforms, the variety of products, the coexistence of multiple process platforms, so that differences and needs are mainly found in processes at the end of manufacture, such as sgt and igbt, which require higher process requirements. The shape of the power device, parameters, special process techniques, etc.
International front-line manufacturers such as British Flying and Ansomy use the Idm model, which not only facilitates the accumulation of design and manufacturing processes, but also accelerates the introduction of new products and production controls, thus making them more competitive in the market. Companies enter semiconductors themselves.
The industry follows the Idm model from the beginning, and after years of deep farming, has mastered all-process technology such as chips, controllers, modules, algorithms, etc., of which the company ' s igbt module product spectrometry covers 750v-6500v full voltage levels.
The igbt module uses the fourth-generation dmos chip, with special points such as low conductivity drops, soft switch properties, large quantities, and is used in bulk for orbital transport such as electric motors, high-speed motors, subways, and other high-power, trans-frequency device areas; the medium- and low-pressure gbt module has good radiative properties, high current density, high reliability, etc.
Speciality, bulk applied to new energy vehicles, wind power, photovoltaics, frequency transformers, svg, medium frequency sensor heating, etc. 3.1.3 pre-vision sic-mosfet products, waiting for flower to open third generation semiconductor material, which is the first and second half generation after silicone (si) and arsenic radon (gaas)
The fast-growing broadband semiconductor material following the conductor material. Specifically, the bandwidth semiconductor material for eg (band-wideness)2.3ev, consisting mainly of silicone carbide (sic) and nitride (gan), should be used mainly in the areas of new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, wind power, and 5g communications.
Devices with voltage levels below 1000v, high switch frequency; in contrast, sic materials and devices can be used in applications below 10kv, better suited to make high-voltage power electrical devices, and currently sic power devices are commercialized very fast. Prior to the emergence of silicon carbonated silicon, silicon-based gbt dominated high-voltage currents.
Silicon-based mosfet is far less efficient than igbt, but only for low-pressure scenarios. However, silicone-based igbt has some shortcomings, such as inability to withstand high-frequency working conditions, high-capacity, etc. When carbonated silicon appears, because of its high-pressure, high-frequency-resistant properties, it can cover the current igbt with a simpler-structured mosfet device.
The high rate of growth of the carbonated silicon market, driven by strong car applications, especially demand for the main reversors. According to the data published by yole, the global market for carbonated silicone devices was 1 billion in 2021.
US$. According to data disclosed by trendforce, the global market for carbonated silicone devices in 2023 was about US$ 30.40 billion, and the market for carbonated silicone devices has grown rapidly over the last two years. The company has an industrialization base of 6 inches of carbonated silicone with a full set of chips, modules, components and applications.
In April 2022, the company announced that it was going to carry out a project to increase the technological capacity of the silicone chip production line, with the Chinese-era semiconductor investing $4.6 million to implement carbon.
The technical upgrading of the silicone chip production line project, which completed the post-natal phase, raised the current level of the sic inchesic chip line to 6 inches, and the current capacity of the 4 inches chip year to 10,000 pieces/year of the 6 inches chip line to 25,000 pieces/year.
3.2 Industrial transformation: Applying a broad downstream approach, companies extend orbital traffic conversion technology to industrial markets outside orbital traffic and move into the field of industrial transformation. Energy conversion and control through electrical and electronic devices provides green, safe, efficient and accessible industrial equipment
With the core power. The company’s industrial transformation products are currently used in such areas as heating, metallurgy, mines, new energy generation, including central air conditioning, voltage transfer frequency in a roller, mining power-drive systems, wind power transformers, photovoltaic reverse transformers, etc., and the company has established good strategic partnerships with a wide range of clients, providing them with mature jobs.
Industrial transformation systems solutions. The company ' s industrial transformation products consist mainly of wind storage hydrogen equipment and photovoltaic engineering, mine card power, air conditioning frequency, metallurgical frequency, ship frequency. 3.3 New energy vehicles are rich in products of electric power.
The company ' s new energy automobiles are rich in product types, with a full range of a-d-grade vehicles. For pure electricity and hybrids, the company ' s main thrust power system products cover components such as current sensors, chip modules, rotors, control panels, drives, etc. and components such as single power units, single power controls, double power controls, etc. The total product is wide-ranging and has a power segment.
35kw-240kw, with a peak torque of 4,500 nm, meets the power requirements of abcd-grade vehicle.
Electrical product development and industrialization capability. Electrical controller development based on standard gbt module and custom power module development, product power range covering 35kw~240kw, current range 120a~600a, capable of product development and industrialization using power modules such as two-sided cooling igbt, sic devices.
Statistics, in 2023, the company entered the first three branches of the industry with a vehicle power module, with a market occupancy rate. Sensors are the key building blocks of information systems, and as information and intelligence progresses, there is a wide range of applications in the fields of intelligent transport, intelligent industry, and smart power grids.
Pressure sensors, translocation sensors, pressure sensors, speed sensors, temperature sensors, six major types of products have achieved full coverage of systems applications in the field of orbital traffic such as locomotives, moving vehicles, towed flow systems for urban-orbit vehicles, communication signal systems, etc. The company has also been active in the areas of automobiles, wind power, light voltage, etc.
In 2015, the company acquired Specialist, a well-known provider of global deep-sea robots based in the United Kingdom.
The company's marine equipment consists mainly of deep-sea operational robots, submarine-digging cable products, decks and seabed mining products.
Globally renowned marine engineering equipment design and manufacturing enterprises, delivering more than 400 deep-sea operating system units.4 Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 4.1 profit forecasting assumptions are separated from operations
The company's main battalion product consists of orbital transport equipment and emerging equipment, which, according to the company's annual report, can be divided into orbital transport electrical equipment operations, orbital engineering mechanical operations, communications signal system operations, other orbital transport equipment operations, which include power semiconductor devices, industrial transformations, new energy vehicles.
(i) Orbital traffic equipment operations are mainly for orbital transport electrical equipment (towed flow systems, smart and informative systems, power supply systems, etc.).
Test equipment), orbital engineering machinery including (heavy orbital vehicles, contact network operators, large-scale road support machines and urban orbital transport engineering vehicles), communications signal systems (lkj column control systems, ctcs-2 vehicle-mounted atp (traffic protection), etcs signal systems, cbtc (communication-based train operation control) systems,
Fao (a fully automated system) signal system, etc., is linked to the replacement cycle of our fixed-assets investment in railways and related products. As our fixed-assets investment in railways rises to the bottom, and the build-up of the high-level overhauls of the car fleet approaches, we expect an increase in operating revenues for the company's rail transport and electrical equipment operations in 2024-2026, respectively.
The scope of operations covers power semiconductor devices (dipolar, igbt, sic), industrial transformation products (mainly including wind storage hydrogen equipment and photovoltaic engineering, mine card power, air conditioner frequency, metallurgical frequency, ship conversion frequency), new energy vehicle power systems, sensors, seawork equipment, etc., and we expect 2024-
Power semiconductor devices: including bipolar devices, igbt devices, sic devices. With the company’s pre-distribution capacity released, we expect growth in business income for the company’s power semiconductor business in 2024-2026 to be sustained by short-term demand, and we expect a zero per cent increase in business income for the company’s industrial transformation products in 2024-2026, respectively.
New-energy auto power and power control: The new-energy automobile industry continues to grow, but given the high penetration rate of new-energy vehicles, we expect the company ' s new-energy auto power and power control operations to operate in 2024-2026.
As products rise in global demand for submarine cables and communications, we expect to be operating sensors in 2024-2026: major product accompaniment orbital traffic, automobiles, new energy generation, etc., and in view of the surging demand in the photovoltaic industry and the decline in the unit price of corporate automobile sensor products, we expect to be operating in 2024-2026.
The company's main product consists of 1) orbital transport equipment: the company is the leading orbital power provider in the country. After many years of development, the product category has gradually expanded and is now in orbit transport.
In the field of orbital transport, Chinese Chinese vehicles, Chinese Express, controlled technology as comparable companies; industry outside of traffic actively laid out by companies, covering power semiconductor devices (dipolar devices, igbt devices, sic devices), industrial transformation products (mainly consisting of wind-fired hydrogen storage equipment and photovoltaic engineering, mine card power drive, air conditioning)
On the other hand, we have chosen the same technology as a comparable company for the new energy car-drive system. Using the collection price of 13 September 2024 as a benchmark, we can compare the company’s average per-orbit transport equipment for 2024-2026 with the new equipment’s two-wheel drive, enabling the company to fly.
In addition, after many years of research and development and accumulation of technology, companies are gradually involved in new and emerging areas of equipment operations. Companies already have a complete system of autonomous knowledge-making as a technology for electrical systems, transformation and control, technology for industrial transformation, and train control and diagnosis.
High-tech enterprises with autonomous intellectual property rights in the fields of break technology, orbital engineering technology, power semiconductor technology, communication signal technology, data and intelligent applications, towed power supply technology, testing and testing technology, deep-sea robotic technology, new-energy motor power system technology and sensor technology.
Based on the resilience of the company’s main orbital equipment industry, new business is moving ahead as fast as we can, and we 1) rail and urban orbital construction are largely government-led, and the pace of construction is vulnerable to local budgets, with the possibility of a decline in the completion of capital investment each year.
Corporate orbital transport operations may be affected by falling demand in the industry, resulting in slower than expected growth. 2) Emerging equipment operations may not expand as expected. Companies benefit from new energy vehicles, wind power, light voltage, etc., and markets continue to grow.
Source auto power systems, seawork equipment, and sensor software have all achieved market breakthroughs and a rapid increase in harvests. The company’s business performance will be affected by the subsequent slow expansion of its emerging equipment operations, as a result of a lack of timeliness in the company’s products and a decline in technological competitiveness.
3. The rapid expansion of the future production capacity of power semiconductors will lead to increased industry competition and impact on the company’s Māori rate. The methodology and analytical logic will lead to research findings, an independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.