• Events: 19 April 2021, company quarterly report 2021, quarterly company collection of Treasure Letter software (600845.sh)
\triangleright, according to the company announcement, the net return profit of the company in the first quarter of 2021 rose significantly in both the same and the ring.
The same rate of growth rose from 22 per cent in q4 in 2020 to 44 per cent in q1 in 2021, and the ring speed of operations benefited from the country's strong push for intelligent manufacturing and industrial Internet.
Figure 1: The company achieved a significant increase in the q1 net return profit ratio and ring ratio in 2021.
Treasureware: Performance meets expectations, "Wise Manufacturing + Industrial Internet +idc" Enhanced Growth 2021.4.13
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The Māori rate has risen significantly, the net operating cash flow has increased significantly, and profitability has continued to rise \triangleright has increased both the Māori rate and the net interest rate ring in the first quarter of 2021 and the Māori rate and sales in the first quarter of 2021
It is a benefit of the restructuring of the software business, the informationization of the high Māori rate, the higher share of automated business income, and the growth of the company ' s business at a higher Māori rate, such as smart manufacturing and the industrial Internet, that we expect the Māori rate and profitability of the software business to increase gradually. The company achieved a net operating cash flow of $429 million in the first quarter of 2020, an increase of 232.6 per cent over the same period, and a rise in the ring.
652.6%, partly due to the impact of the epidemic during the same period last year, the low billing and refunds in the first quarter of last year, and partly as a reflection of good corporate performance. New operations, such as the hard-to-use industrial Internet, have seen faster growth in R & D costs.
\triangleright is largely the result of increased R & D investment in industrial Internet, intelligent manufacturing, and cloud computing. Companies are constantly adhering to technological innovation, focusing on key core technological breakthroughs, industrial Internet, big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, 5g, mobile network, virtual.
Idc has a unique, replicable capacity, a national core, and a full potential for expansion.
The company's capacity in idc is largely reflected in a combination of “resource endowments plus industrial software capabilities”, in terms of resource endowments, back-to-back, and the company's unique resource advantages in terms of land, water, electricity, energy access, etc., and in terms of industrial software capabilities, the company is the only one in the current market, in terms of design (in possession of an independent Maysan Design Institute), construction, operation (in the market only).
Enterprises that are fully independent and undertake their own work, such as those in the idc sector that are computerized, automated and fully autonomous in their research and development (R & D), give companies excellent cost-control capabilities. Corporate strategic development approaches are clear, adhere to self-building models, and develop diversified, high-quality clients on the front line, with appropriate openings.
The company is currently actively storing resources (over 10,000 single-point reserve cabinets) and moving projects forward, and we expect that from this year's third Liddull, the company's new container capacity will be released gradually and in the future.
We believe that the company, as the domestic wholesaled idc leader, will move towards a golden period and firmly look forward to the long-term development of the company. Figure 5: Treasure software planning idc distribution projections
Thanks to the intellectual transformation of BMW and traditional enterprises, intelligent manufacturing and industrial Internet operations are expected to grow rapidly \triangleright, relying on the country’s largest steel company, to lead the country’s steel industry software. In 2020, the company was evaluated by the China Soft Association “2020”
Top ten innovative software firms; became the first industrial software enterprise in the country to carry out a continuous delivery standard level 3 assessment through the “devops” capability maturity model; became the leading industrial software enterprise in the country to obtain a dcmm level 4 certificate in the data management maturity model. Since 2016, the steel industry has gradually recovered and overall profitability has improved.
This has enabled the steel company to adapt its original information and automated systems, while the pace of restructuring of the BMW merger and acquisition is accelerating, with the intellectual transformation of the billions of tons of BMW and the prospect of continuous release of information needs, opening up long-term growth space for traditional software operations. Five years ago, Bo-Sin set up the Industry 4.0 Project Department to pre-position industrial Internet technology.
In January, the autonomous industrial Internet platform xln3plat was launched, while the development of the big data "5s" component was advanced, with the completion of the iron-smelling, interconnected intellectual control platform demonstration project; the Biewu Institute for Internet Research in China and the Bokwo Grand Data Centre in China were established at the beginning of this year, co-located with Bo-Sin, to coordinate the design of the Byong industry Internet framework and cutting-edge technology research and development.
With the strong R & D power accumulated over the years in the field of industrial software and the professional experience of the steel industry, autonomous research and development of the industrial Internet platform, with its iplat and eplat as two wings, has been active in building the industrial Internet biosphere of the steel industry, opening up new growth paths for future development and opening up wider space for development.
\triangleright \triangleright’s long-term growth as the 5g new capital leader of the scarce deep domestic layout “idc+Industrial Internet + Smart Manufacturing”
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered the idc and cloud computing chain, and the Internet. He was a master of accounting at the Chinese University of Hong Kong and a financial management department at the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. He was in charge of research in government enterprises. In September 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducted research in the communications sector, covering mainly cloud communications, 5g main equipment, cloud computing equipment, network security, and the Internet.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-approved securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.