Corporate review report — Computer industry — roe and rop continue to grow, company growth future — Treasure letter software (600845.sh)
The company achieved operating income of $9,518 million, an increase of 38.96 per cent over the previous year; the net return profit was achieved, and Wu Xing Jing Roe and Rob continued to perform well, with record performance.
The expansion of the model, the significant increase in profitability and the increase in operating profits, coupled with the company ' s enhanced management of operating funds and a 65.25 per cent increase in net cash flows from operating activities compared to the previous reporting period, Zou Wen Xin
The corporate net asset rate of return (roe) was 17.86 per cent, with a direct growth trend in the last five years, further increasing the company’s operational capacity. The company’s revenues increased by 38.96 per cent over the reporting period, while its revenues from software development and engineering services increased by 47 per cent over the same period, benefiting from downstream industries.
Thank you very much: Prince Road, there is a strong need for networking information: the revenue from services outsourcing increased by 27.31 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and its growth largely benefited from the increased efficiency of companies and the steady growth of idc operations.
Idc 4 has seen a significant increase in the annual occupancy rate and income of 523 million yuan. “Industrial Internet +idc” is a combination that further enhances the competitiveness of companies.
The rental rate is 100 per cent, the demand in the short term continues to rise, and it is expected that the revenue from single cabinets will remain stable over the next three years, and that companies will take advantage of the development opportunities of the national layout and move the nuclear stockpile in a structured manner, leading priority regional planning, and developing regional market development.
During the reporting period, the Division continued to increase its investment in research and development, such as the industrial Internet, which cost 31.09 per cent more than last year, and companies will further raise barriers to competition and further accelerate the development of industrial Internet platforms and new-generation information infrastructure to digitize domestic industries.
The strategic focus is on the “new infrastructure” development landscape. The current industrial Internet is one of the nuclear components of new infrastructure in the country.
Development directions, active exploration of business model innovations, industrial ecology around the industrial Internet, accelerating cross-sectoral and cross-cutting platforms: building on the “new infrastructure” policy opportunities and steadily advancing the National Strategy for the New Generation of Information Infrastructure in Treasure Clouds, and promoting the 5 issues of Treasure Cloudidc.
The project and the start-up of the Maysan base project are expected to be completed with 10,500 and 7,000 6kw hangars, respectively.
5g is not as popular as expected. p/pb-bands pb-bands
Figure 1: Operating income and growth rate of the same year
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Manager. With a second-tier market experience and a long-term focus on science and technology corporate research. Master of Science, University of Gangan, and Bachelor of Science, University of Gangan; joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2016; and a member of the new wealth-entering team in 2016.