Treasure letter software (600845) was reported for 2020, with high performance and strong growth throughout the year.
Events: Corporate operating income in 2020 was $9,518 million, an increase of 38.96 per cent in the same year, net profit return to the mother of $13,01 million, an increase of 47.91 per cent in the same year, with slightly higher market expectations. Software development +idc, a two-wheel drive with high growth in the company ' s performance throughout the year.
By operations split, software development and engineering services earned $6,718 million, or 47 per cent more, and benefited mainly from the increased demand for power-wise manufacturing from related parties, as well as increased revenues from non-associated smart cities, automated/information-based operations.
In addition, revenues from systems integration were $179 million, down 14.14 per cent from the same year. Net interest rates increased slightly, and operating cash flows increased significantly.
In terms of the cost of the period, the public administration cost was 13.29%, a decrease of 2.85 pct and an increase in the cost control capacity of the same period; among them, sales were mainly due to inputs such as the company ' s increased industrial Internet, and R & D costs were 9.97%.
The company’s operating cash flow amounted to 1,466 million yuan, a significant increase of 65.25 per cent over the same period. The growth was strong enough to see the company’s future.
With regard to software development, companies have over the years been working on iron and steel information, and they have more than 50 per cent market access for mes software in the domestic steel industry, and the industry is well-established, and it is expected that subsequent information adaptation and integration within beneficiary groups will continue to take place.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities, and I have been informed independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.