Li Tianfan Industrial Internet +idc high demand, contributing to a sustained and rapid growth of 1q performance The company released its performance in the first quarter of 2020, 1q achieving operating income of 1,862 million yuan, yov + 43.47 per cent;
Net profits of $396 million, yoy +44.39 per cent; net profits of $367 million, yoy + 40.31 per cent after deduction, benefiting from the continued landing of new technology applications such as 5g, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, big data, and material networking
Release, with a “buy-in” rating. 1q’s performance grew rapidly, in line with expectations: 1q’s revenue grew by 43.47 per cent in the same year in 2020, mainly due to the fact that it was affected by the epidemic last quarter, and some of its implementation was delayed, resulting in lower net revenues.
Profits grew by 44.39 per cent over the year, while net profit innovations were high in a single quarter, mainly in terms of a rapid increase in revenue, while the Māori rate remained high. The net profit after deduction grew by 40.31 per cent over the same period.
1q performance continued the rapid growth of the last year. Māori rates remained high and cost rates increased on a year-to-year basis: Māori rates were 36.64 per cent for Māori companies combined and remained at a high level at the same time as last year.
2.22 percentage points, mainly an increase in R & D investment in industrial Internet, intelligent manufacturing and cloud computing; an increase in financial cost of 0.66 percentage points, mainly a decrease in interest income on a year-on-year basis; and increased investment in research and development of new technologies and applications and maintaining core competitiveness.
Building leading industrial Internet platforms, idc operations are moving forward steadily: companies accelerate the formation of industrial networking platforms and a two-wing development pattern for a new generation of information infrastructure. In the area of smart manufacturing, advance the development of components for industrial eco-platat and industrial interconnection platforms iplat platforms, and enhance artificial intelligence,
Research and application of new technologies such as 5g. Future digitization and information transformation in traditional industries such as steel are inevitable trends, and with increasing concentration in the steel industry, new demands for information-building will continue to be released, and companies are expected to benefit continuously from the advantages of products and technologies in the field of industrial software.
In the area of idc, the company data centre is based in Shanghai, with a continuous increase in the number of participants in the four-phase project, and has actively promoted the construction of projects such as the Shanghai Treasure Cloud Five, the Wu Gang Big Data Centre, the Nanjingme Mountain base, etc.
There will be long-term needs. Companies have a strong resource reserve in the core cities, which is a follow-up performance risk; 3, idc does not develop as much as expected.
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificate (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The company may use or make any action based on information or research prior to receipt of the report. A group voucher (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any loss or loss resulting from the use of the report.
This report is not intended to promote or induce customers to trade in the certificate referred to in the report.