Jrities Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services, a quarterly report over-expected, once again recommending intelligent manufacturing and idc.
On 19 April 2021, the company disclosed a quarterly report of 1,862 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 43.47 per cent in the same year: 396 million yuan in net return to the mother, an increase of 44.39 per cent in the same year; overall improvement in business indicators for deducting non-repatriation net profits; and continuous processing of industrial Internet R & D inputs and idc capital expenditures.
q1 net operating cash flow of $429 million, an increase of 232.52 per cent over the same period. Indicators increased significantly over the same period, mainly due to the implementation of projects affecting the epidemic during the same period last year, with a low base. Compared to 1q19, income from the business sector grew by 38.4 per cent, net profit from the mother grew by 97.01 per cent, and net operating cash flow grew by 97.01 per cent.
The transformation of the intelligent manufacturing and reshaping industry, with an increase of 51.06 per cent in idc, indicates a steady growth in intelligence manufacturing, intelligent cities, and an upswing in idc operations.
Incoming Space – Treasure News q3 Quarterly Review, $10,000, an increase of 99.44% over the start of the period, and an increase in spending on investment in five phases of the Treasure Cloud idc project. Wisdom manufacturing has the advantage of adding idc to the lead, driving the future crop on a double-wheel basis.
Its industrial Internet platform has been applied in such settings as steel rings, smart-making and smart cities, such as the traffic command of the subway and subway networks.
The Centre’s project will open 12 subway lines, break 500 kilometers, and provide super-large data access, saving 100 person-days of work. We judge that the company’s software revenues will be 30% + faster over the next three years.
+, with an increase in the number of idcs, it is expected that the company’s idc operations will be about 25% over the next three years. The digital transformation policy is clear, with a long-term perspective on the company’s development prospects.
Firms rely on large shareholders’ shares of precious steel, have in-kind genetics and have strong downstream demand certainty; and have resource advantages such as land, utilities, etc., in front-line cities, where the idc business reserves will benefit in the long term.
We keep looking at corporate and steel information business prospects, maintaining profit projections, predicting that the Internet vendor idc needs less than expected, and that the steel industry spends less than expected on information.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment