On April 12, 2021, the company disclosed its annual report, which achieved an annual operating income of $9,518 million, which is an increase.
Corporate revenue and net operating cash flows are growing at a high rate, increasing investment in research and development costs. The company q4 returns $3.81 billion per quarter, an increase of 63.68 per cent, net profits of $365 million, an increase of 27 per cent.
Increased revenue from services, as well as steady growth in the idc operations and an upswing rate. Net operating cash inflows 1. Resource, Extension, Iron and Steel Open Camp, 1,466 million, an increase of 65.25 per cent over the same period. Sales costs decreased by 3.47 per cent over the same year, and administrative costs were lower than the same year.
The reason for this is to increase investment in industrial Internet platforms.
6.18 billion yuan, an increase of 47.00 per cent, and a Māori increase of 24.16 per cent, an increase of 0.30 pp. Compared to the distribution of industrial software, the depth and breadth of intelligent manufacturing is about ten times higher. The iron and steel industry is the most complex scene in the manufacturing industry.
The company relies on a deep accumulation of information and automation in the iron and steel sector, and has the capacity to expand to other fields such as colour, medicine, public services, and equipment manufacturing. With policies such as carbon neutrality, we judge the company's software industry for the next three years.
A steady push for the Treasure Cloud national layout strategy, an overall rise in the number of idcs, and a sustained push for efficiency releases. On 7 April, the Shanghai Economic and Financial Commission and the Development and Revision Commission issued a report entitled " Towards the Integrated Establishment of the City Data Centre 2021 " .
The Division will benefit in the long term from the fact that the major shareholder's stock of steel has a resource advantage in Shanghai, such as land, utilities, etc. Root, according to the relevant company announcement, is expected to complete a container delivery of 40,000 plus by the end of this year.
The sea is expanding north of China and east of China. We expect the company's idc operations to be about 25% in the next three years.
Internet vendor idc needs are not as high as expected; information spending in the steel industry is not as high as expected.