High-speed growth combined with efficiency gains, with record-high performance - Treasurehouse software reporting for 2020, net profit of $1.301 billion, an increase of 47.91 per cent over the same period; net profit from deductions and repatriation amounted to 12.36 per cent, an increase of 47.53 per cent over the same period.
Industrial Internet and idc two-wheel drive, leading to high growth \triangleright software development business revenue of $6.72 billion and 47 per cent increase, mainly benefiting from the high demand for downstream industrial informationization, with closure
The combined revenues increased by $794 million and benefited from increased demand for smart manufacturing; non-associated income increased by $1,354 million and the simultaneous growth of smart urban operations, such as rail transport, automation and information-based operations.
The year saw a significant increase in the accelerator rate, with income from idc increasing by $523 million.
Cost control is excellent, and research and development inputs continue to add up. Companies have lost 0.77, 1.4 pct to 1.76 per cent and 2.19 per cent in absolute terms over 20 years, respectively. Research and development investments have increased by 31 per cent on a year-on-year basis by 949 million yuan, and R&D rates have improved significantly in terms of quality of operations, with profits and cash flows reaching historically high levels.
The company’s 20-year net profit of 1.301 billion yuan and 48% increase in net operating cash flows to 1,466 million yuan and 65% increase, all of which are the best in history.
In 20 years, Machiko has achieved a significant increase in net profits, focusing on industrial automation. In 20 years, he has been an information subsidiary of the Ma and Steel Group, with a prominent advantage in the fields of industrial automation and industrial information systems. He has achieved 711 million yuan, an increase of 18 per cent, a gain of 60 million yuan, a rise of 68 per cent, and performance.
To expect it to be 38 times the corresponding 21-year pe, maintaining a “recommended” rating, taking into account the growth and significant advantages of the company. idc demand is not as high as expected; business it spends less than expected; industry competition is increasing.
In the mid-20s, the idc business and the intelligent manufacturing of the Treasure Letter software (600845), the 20-year pre-advised evaluation: the performance of the medium-term report.
In 2019, he joined the Institute of Private Securities and the Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.