q1's going faster than expected, looking at the company's future, Robbin.
Events: The company released its report for the first quarter of 2021, which achieved operating income of 1,862 million yuan, an increase of 43.47 per cent over the same period, a net return profit of $396 million, an increase of 44.39 per cent over the same period.q1 recorded high performance growth and a significant increase in operating cash flows. The company achieved operating income of 18.62 per cent for 2021q1.
In terms of profitability, the Māori ratio of company q1 remained almost the same as in the same period last year, at 36.64 per cent, with net interest rates of 36.64 per cent.
As a result of increased investment in research and development, the company’s q1 operating net cash flow increased significantly from $23,252 million to $429 million on a year-long basis.
The company’s performance is expected to increase further with the delivery of the above-mentioned projects. With regard to software development, the company has been working on iron and steel information for many years, and Mes software has outperformed the market in the country’s steel industry.
50% of the industry is well-established, followed by information-based transformation and integration within the group that is expected to continue to benefit, while keeping in view the company’s continuous break-through of orders from the group’s external steel companies. Investment proposal: maintain a recommended rating. We continue to look at the company’s development prospects, idc and others.
Businesses such as software development will continue to drive rapid growth in corporate performance. The company’s rating system’s “market index” reference is expected to be 300 indexes.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.