Performance meets expectations. Smart Manufacturing+Industrial Internet+idc is a powerful growth engine, Treasure News software (600845.sh) Treasure Cloud IV has seen a significant upswing, and software operations have grown rapidly.
\triangleright, according to the company announcement, in the fourth quarter of 2020, the company achieved a revenue of 3,813 million yuan in the first quarter of the fourth quarter, an increase of 63.65 per cent in the same year, 66.51 per cent in the ring, and 332 million yuan in the net return to the mother, an increase of 22.06 per cent in the same year,
idc 4 has been fast-tracked, on the other hand due to the rapid growth of traditional software operations. Figure 1: Treasure letter software received and increased in the first quarter of 2020
It's a time difference to interpret the long-term certainty of the new capital leader, the Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side in Beijing City, which benefited from the intellectual transformation of BMW and traditional enterprises in 2020, the rapid growth and growth of company software operations, the development of downstream applications, the rapid growth of corporate idc operations and the company's role as “intellectual manufacturing plus industry”
Networking +idc's three leading growth-track companies, with long-term high growth certainty, 1) software development and engineering services: $6,718 million in 2020, an increase of 47.00%. The BMW-related income increased by $794 million, mainly as a result of the growth in the demand for BMW intelligence manufacturing; and revenue from external non-associated parties increased from the BMW.
1.354 billion yuan, on the one hand, benefiting from growth in revenues from smart urban operations such as rail transport and, on the other hand, from automation, letter 2), outsourcing of services (idc+other operations): 2,616 million yuan, an increase of 27.31 per cent over the year 2020, of which 523 million yuan was added to the revenue from idc, which benefited mainly from steady growth in corporate idc operations, with a significant roll-out rate in 2020 for idc-4.
There has been a steady increase in the Māori rate of the software business and a significant increase in the net operating cash flow \triangleright high Māori rate of business such as \triangleright and the Industrial Internet, and we anticipate that Māori and profitability of the software business are expected to progress progressively
Upgrade; services outsourcing has the highest Māori rate, 42.84 per cent in 2020. In addition, companies achieved a net operating cash stream of $1,466 million in 2020, a significant increase of 65.25 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the growth in corporate operating profits and further enhancement of operating capital management.
\triangleright Control, continuing in new and emerging areas such as industrial Internet, big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, 5g, mobiles, virtual manufacturing, etc.
Intense investment, focusing on the two main markets of the City of Wisdom and Smartness, to actively build a leading business in the “Industrial Internet Platform + a New Generation of Information Infrastructure.” idc has a unique, replicable capacity, a national core, and a full potential for expansion.
\triangleright's capacity in idc is largely reflected in a combination of “resource endowments plus industrial software capabilities”, which, in terms of resource endowments, have a unique resource advantage in terms of land, water, electricity, energy acquisition, and industrial software capabilities.
The company is the only enterprise in the current market to be fully independent in terms of design (possessing an independent Metsan Design Institute), construction, operation (the only enterprise in the market that has an information base in the idc field, automated and fully autonomous research and development), and it gives it excellent cost-control capabilities.
The company’s strategic development is clear-cut and consistent with its self-building model, with sustained outreach to diversified, high-quality clients on the front line, with the appropriate expansion of its base-based operations with unlimited potential for expansion and strong profitability. The company is currently actively storing its resources (over 10,000 reserve cabinets of single-point size) and is currently operating along the core regional layout of the Chinese, Chinese, North, and South China.
To move the projects forward, we expect that from this year's third Lidull, the company's new engine capacity will be released gradually and that in the coming years it will be able to accelerate the launch of the new cycle, and we believe that the company, as a domestic wholesale idc leader, will be able to develop in a golden period, with a firm view to the long-term development of the company.
Figure 8: Treasure software Idc planning distribution projections, benefiting from the intellectual transformation of the BMW and traditional enterprises, which are expected to accelerate the development of intelligent manufacturing and industrial Internet operations \triangleright
In 2020, the company was evaluated by the China Soft Association as the top 10 innovation software company; became the first industrial software company in the country to carry out a continuous delivery standard level 3 assessment through a “devops” capability maturity model; and became the country's leader in acquiring a data management maturity model, dcmm4.
Since 2016, the steel industry has been recovering and overall profitability has been continuously improving, enabling steel companies to adapt their original information and automated systems, while the pace of reprogramming and reprogramming of weapons of mass destruction is accelerating, with the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of weapons of mass destruction, and information needs are expected to continue to be released, opening up long-term growth space for traditional software operations.
In January, the autonomous industrial Internet platform xln3plat was launched, while the development of the big data "5s" component was advanced, with the completion of the iron-smelling, interconnected intellectual control platform demonstration project; the Biewu Institute for Internet Research in China and the Bokwo Grand Data Centre in China were established at the beginning of this year, co-located with Bo-Sin, to coordinate the design of the Byong industry Internet framework and cutting-edge technology research and development.
With the strong R & D power accumulated over the years in the field of industrial software and the professional experience of the steel industry, autonomous research and development of the industrial Internet platform, with its iplat and eplat as two wings, has been active in building the industrial Internet biosphere of the steel industry, opening up new growth paths for future development and opening up wider space for development.
\triangleright \triangleright’s long-term growth as the 5g new capital leader of the scarce deep domestic layout “idc+Industrial Internet + Smart Manufacturing”
In January 2021, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which covered the idc and cloud computing chain, and the Internet. He was a master of accounting at the Chinese University of Hong Kong and a financial management department at the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. He was in charge of research in government enterprises. In September 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducted research in the communications sector, covering mainly cloud communications, 5g main equipment, cloud computing equipment, network security, and the Internet.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-approved securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.