Events: On April 26, 2021, the company established a joint venture with Zhen Gang, Purple Gas - Treasure News (600845.sh)
One Treasure Software (Hebei) Ltd. (which is based on the final business registration results, known as Hebei's), aims to co-invest in the construction of the Treasurestone steel data centre project in the Zhejiang City Declaration Area.
Hebei's registered capital is RMB 827 million, the company spends RMB 656 million in cash, or 79.43 per cent of equity, the company's cash contribution is RMB 9.992 million, or 12.09 per cent, and the purple gas contribution is RMB 7.08 million, or 8.48 per cent.
It's scarce, it's rich in industrial electricity and water resources, it's highly resource-intensive. Zhang's city is bordered by Beijing, it has a privileged geographical location, about 169.6 km from Beijing, it has easy traffic, and it has high-train cars from the Sanitation North Station to Beijing North Station, which lasts for about one hour and 49 minutes.
The train traveled from the Zenit North Station to the Beijing North Station for about 3 hours and 32 minutes from the bus bus stop at Zhang Jia Pass to the Beijing Six Mile Bridge Station for about 3-4 hours.
Declaring the city as a key strategic node for the big North Chinese clients, Ali Baba, China Mobile, and Kingdong are all in practice number 1500521002 with an idc layout, with an idc cluster effect, and will be the core of key content clients in the future.
The strategic nodes, which currently represent the central city of North China, have very scarce electricity and energy resources, tight controls, and the company’s declared data centre will have a significantly scarce value in the future. The push for this project has also highlighted the ambition and capacity of the company’s core location and expansion throughout the country, starting this year.
The idc layout has expanded and radiated the above sea to the national core, entering a new cycle of growth.
“Wise manufacturing + industrial Internet +idc” Treasure software: high-performance expectations, fast-tracking soft business, continuous idc map
2021.4.19 Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Idc has a unique, replicable capacity, a national core, and a full potential for expansion.
The company's capacity in idc is largely reflected in a combination of “resource endowments plus industrial software capabilities”, in terms of resource endowments, back-to-back, and the company's unique resource advantages in terms of land, water, electricity, energy access, etc., and in terms of industrial software capabilities, the company is the only one in the current market, in terms of design (in possession of an independent Maysan Design Institute), construction, operation (in the market only).
Enterprises that are fully independent and undertake their own work, such as those in the idc sector that are computerized, automated and fully autonomous in their research and development (R & D), give companies excellent cost-control capabilities. Corporate strategic development approaches are clear, adhere to self-building models, and develop diversified, high-quality clients on the front line, with appropriate openings.
The company is currently actively storing resources (over 10,000 single-point reserve cabinets) and moving projects forward, and we expect that from this year's third Liddull, the company's new container capacity will be released gradually and in the future.
We believe that the company, as the domestic wholesaled idc leader, will have a golden period and a firm view of the company’s long-term development space.
Thanks to the intellectual transformation of BMW and traditional enterprises, intelligent manufacturing and industrial Internet operations are expected to grow rapidly \triangleright, relying on the country’s largest steel company, to lead the country’s steel industry software. In 2020, the company was evaluated by the China Soft Association “2020”
Top ten innovative software firms; became the first industrial software enterprise in the country to carry out a continuous delivery standard level 3 assessment through the “devops” capability maturity model; became the leading industrial software enterprise in the country to obtain a dcmm level 4 certificate in the data management maturity model. Since 2016, the steel industry has gradually recovered and overall profitability has improved.
This has enabled steel companies to adapt their original information and automated systems, while the pace of re-engineering of BMW mergers and acquisitions is accelerating, and with the intellectual transformation of billions of tons of BMW, the need for information is expected to continue to be released, opening up long-term growth space for traditional software operations. The autonomous industrial Internet platform xln3plat was released in January, while the development of the big data "5s" component was advanced to complete the iron refining process.
Construction of a pilot project for the Internet Control Platform (Honkers): At the beginning of this year, Bokwu established the China Bianwu Industry Internet Research Institute and the China Bokwoo Data Centre, which are co-located with Bok-Sung, to coordinate the design of the BMW Industry Internet framework and cutting-edge technology research and development. The company has built itself on the strong research and development capabilities accumulated over the years in the field of industrial software and the professional experience of the steel industry.
On both sides, Iplat and eplat have been active in building the iron and steel industry Internet biosphere, opening up a new growth track for future development and opening up a wider development space.
The company, as the 5g new capital leader of the scarce domestic deep layout, idc+Industrial Internet+Intelligent Manufacturing, grew up in the long term with less than expected idc construction and build-up, less than expected BMW mergers and acquisitions, less than expected 5g, and then became a member of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, with deep coverage of the idc& Cloud computing industrial chain, and network of goods.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.