The Congolese copper-cobalt project was released and production will continue to increase in the future.
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn — keeping the resource volume ahead, increasing production by the same amount as the whole — operated seven high-quality mines in China, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Brazil, including East Timor.
The company is involved in the Cobalt Cobalt mine in Indonesia, and also acquired two Bolivian lithiums from the Ninder era conglomerates.
The mining rights of Salt Lake have achieved the complete layout of the new energy metal copper-cobalt-nickel-lithium, and the company ' s resource levels have remained at the forefront globally, with 34.6382 million tons of copper-metal resources as of 2023, 52.464 million tons of cobalt-metal resources and molybdenum.
Metal resources 13,625,000 tons, tungsten metal resources 10,97 million, thorium metals 2,036,000 tons and phosphorous resources 82,226.3 million tons.2 The Luoyang Molybdenum Industry (603993): tfm copper
kfm and tfm, two major world-class copper and cobalt projects in parallel
2023-09-12 Dynasty, 11.37 million tons of copper and 33.9 million tons of cobalt produced by kfm throughout the year. 3, Luoyang molybdenum (603993): Democratic Republic of the Congo
Cobalt production capacity will be released and the tfm mixed mining project for major metals will be successfully completed at the “milestone” node, with a significant increase in the Central Zone” (2023-03-22)
Construction of three production lines for the eastern zone oxidizing and mixed mines, which currently have five copper and cobalt production lines, resulting in an annual production capacity of 450,000 tons of copper and 3.7 million tons of cobalt.tfm, 2803 million tons of copper, +10.22 per cent, and 21,700 tons of cobalt, + 22.2 per cent.
In 2024, the company will accelerate the transformation of the resource advantage into the capacity advantage, the stock project will be fully achieved, and the incremental project will move quickly and efficiently.
q1 output, q2 output, kfm production stability, tfm and kfm completed registration of the lme bronze trademark, achieving more than 520,000 tons of copper production and more than 60,000 tons of cobalt production throughout the year: tfm3 and kfm2 expansion projects were launched in due course.
Pocket plate: accelerate the promotion of three estates of co-mining and up-street expansion; overall push into pear pear pear pear pebbles, red kiln ditches, small slag dumps. Pocket plate: achieve a further increase in the recovery rate of americium, achieve a breakthrough in iron production of 10,000 tons;
The phosphorous plate magnetite integrated recovery project, with 52-57 million tons of copper metal and 60-70 million tons of cobalt metal planned for 2024; tons of molybdenum gold, 25-30 million tons of molybdenum metal and more than 10,000 tons of zirconium metal.
In 2023, the production of all of the company’s products increased by the same year, with copper, cobalt, americium, and phosphorus, the world’s largest cobalt producer, close to the top ten. Copper and cobalt production will continue to rise, with the price of the stacking of copper starting in 2024.
Increases. We expect the company to continue to grow, thus maintaining “buy-in” investment 1. Production capacity does not grow as expected; 2) the cost of major minerals such as copper, cobalt, etc., rises significantly; 3) the risk of price volatility of major products; 4) the geopolitics of offshore mining
(b) Policy risks; (e) interest rates, exchange rate fluctuations; and (f) safety and environmental protection and nature.
Du Fei, a member of the carbon neutral group, a Bachelor of Science from Nakayama University, a Master of Science from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, three years of major commodity research experience, and responsible for research on color and new materials, reflects my research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.