For the first time, Luoyang Molybdenum (603993) covered a “mine plus trade” combination, creating a first-time coverage report for the world's leading mining company, Luoyang Molybdenum (603993).
“Mines + trade” is a two-wheel drive, with a fast growth in the performance of boosters companies that are non-ferrous metal mining, mainly in mining and processing operations such as basic metals, rare metals extraction, selection, metallurgy, etc., and mineral trading. At present, the company's main business is in Asia and Africa.
Continents, South America, Oceania and Europe are the world ' s leading producers of copper, cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, tungsten and thorium, as well as Brazil ' s leading producers of phosphorus, while the company ' s basic metals trade is among the leading global producers.
At the end of the mine, the company's full layout of new copper-cobalt-nickel-lithium energy metals, molybdenum, tungsten, tungsten strategic gold and phosphorus, with copper, cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, thorium, and thorium leading the global resource base, amounting to 34,64 million tons, 5.25 million tons, 1.36 million tons, 110,000 tons and 2.04 million tons, respectively, for the year as of 2023.
At the end of the trade, Ixm covers more than 80 countries around the world, focusing on copper, zinc, lead and precious metal concentrates and refined copper, zinc, nickel, building a global logistics and storage system, and in 2023, the trading plate as a whole achieved $141,463 million in principal operating income, of which refined minerals generated revenues.
44,279 million yuan, or 97,184 million yuan, of refined metals, with a record high production of copper, cobalt, americium, phosphorus, tungsten and molybdenum, a global leader in the global layout of the company's mines, operating molten mines in China, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Brazil, and moving up the trenches.
High-quality mines. In 2023, the company achieved a full increase in production of all its products, including copper, cobalt, phosphorus and phosphorus, which are historically high, close to the tenth largest producer of copper in the world, while remaining the world’s leading producer of molybdenum and tungsten production. By sub-product, copper production (excluding npm) was 39.4 million tons.
389,800 tons of sales to achieve operating income of $24,595 million, expected to produce 520,000-570,000 ixm in 2024 in deep-farming mineral trade, and to manage change-oriented efficiency gains.
As a unique platform focused on key metals, ixm operates for more than 17 years, and ixm and its constituent units form the global metal trading network, covering more than 80 countries worldwide, with major fields of operation including medium-sized.
Countries, Latin America, North America, and Europe have also built up a global logistics and storage system, with products mainly sold to Asia and Europe. In 2023, the transformation of the management of ixm contributed to efficiency gains, resulting in a net return gain of $913 million, the best ever.
50,581 million yuan, or 36 per cent; the offshore mineral trade generated 90,882 million yuan, or 64 per cent; over the years, ixm has worked deep in the mineral trade industry and has built a good reputation, built a certain industry; corporate resources have been strong; and a complete overhaul of the multi-metal layout has been achieved.
In 2024, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) was a “pumper” for the company’s efforts to join the top 10 copper producers worldwide.
kfm copper cobalt ore, with an indirect interest of 71.25%, a total investment of $1.83 billion in the kfm project, an early output benefit of $1.83 billion in the first quarter of 2023, a product of 114,000 tons of copper and 34,000 tons of cobalt for the second quarter, a net return profit of $1.66 billion. tfm copper or cobalt ore, with an indirect interest of 80%, and a total investment of $2.51 billion in the tfm project
In addition, the company indirectly held 100 per cent interest in the Brazilian fil phosphorous operations and the nml mine.
So, in 2023, 80% of the netm copper gold mine was sold, and together with the Nender-era conglomerates, they acquired the right to exploit two Bolivian lithium salt lakes, thereby achieving the full layout of the new energy metal copper-cobalt-nico-lithium.
An increase of 0.02 pct and a decrease of 0.04 pcc over the same period. The company has a strong technology research and development team, and the technology for integrated recovery and use of the associated resources such as tungsten, copper, iron, flints, platinum, etc. from the molten tailings allows for integrated recovery and the creation of the first river for the recovery of the same low-grade minerals globally; the company takes the lead in the application of 5g technologies and unmanned vehicles.
From 2020 to 2023, corporate research and development costs were 174 million yuan, 272 million yuan, 389 million yuan, and 327 million yuan. National industrial upgrading and the global energy transformation contributed to increased demand for related metals, and companies had strong resource endowments.
Extending the chain of mining industries through a modern mining model combining “mine + trade”; leveraging the information advantage of ixm for global coverage through resource consolidation; expanding the global resource landscape; and increasing corporate pricing of key mineral products as the Division's position and influence in the global mineral resource area continues to increase
Risks of price volatility, geopolitical and policy risks, environmental safety and natural disaster risks, market risks for major products.
Mineral metals  copper-cobalt-related products
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is diligent, professional and independent and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.